---
title: Member of Engineering (Technical Support Engineer)
status: archived
id: 8e95baf3-5807-4524-999f-9186581a0cdd
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/poolside/8e95baf3-5807-4524-999f-9186581a0cdd
lastmod: '2026-04-27T22:52:52.039+00:00'
date: '2026-04-27T22:52:52.039+00:00'
location: Remote (US)
departments:
- Support Engineering
---

## **ABOUT POOLSIDE**

In this decade, the world will create Artificial General Intelligence. There will only be a small number of companies who will achieve this. Their ability to stack advantages and pull ahead will define the winners. These companies will move faster than anyone else. They will attract the world's most capable talent. They will be on the forefront of applied research, engineering, infrastructure and deployment at scale. They will continue to scale their training to larger & more capable models. They will be given the right to raise large amounts of capital along their journey to enable this. They will create powerful economic engines. They will obsess over the success of their users and customers.

**Poolside exists to be this company**: to build a world where AI will be the engine behind economically valuable work and scientific progress. We believe the fastest way to reach AGI lies in accelerating software development itself, by reshaping the developer experience with agentic systems, coding assistants, and the frontier models that power them. We deploy these systems directly into the development environments of security-conscious enterprises.

## **ABOUT OUR TEAM**

We were founded in the US and have our home there, but our team is distributed across Europe and North America. We get our fix of in-person collaboration (and croissants) in Paris each month for 3 days, always Monday-Wednesday, with an open invitation to stay the whole week. We also do longer off-sites once a year.

Our team is a multidisciplinary blend of research, engineering, and business experts. What unites us is our deep care for what we build together. We’re in a race that requires hard work, intellectual curiosity, and obsession; to balance this intensity, we’ve assembled a team of low ego and kind-hearted individuals who have built the special culture Poolside has. By building collaboratively and with intention, we create a compounding effect that moves the entire company forward towards our mission: reaching AGI through intelligence systems built for software development.

## **About the role**

You will be the first point of contact for customers experiencing technical issues with our product. You will troubleshoot, diagnose, and resolve technical problems. The problems will range from issues in our SaaS offering to air-gapped on-prem deployments, where you’ll need to rely on the customer to be your eyes and ears. This role requires strong problem-solving skills, technical expertise, and the ability to reach conclusions with minimum information.

## **Your mission**

You’ll be obsessed with the quality of service poolside provides and how customers are always up and running.

## **Responsibilities**

You’ll be customer-obsessed and bridge customers and engineers to identify and solve any issue blocking the customer. At the same time, you’ll need to be focused on creating the documentation, runbooks, and tools to help our support team scale efficiently.

Finally, you’ll be pivotal in promoting timely and professional technical support via support tickets and the occasional call.

## **Skills & Experience**

* Lead the troubleshooting and resolution of complex software and infrastructure issues, including API integrations, system configurations, and performance problems.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills to engage with customers and to create and maintain comprehensive documentation for troubleshooting.
* Escalate complex issues to engineering teams and work closely with developers to resolve customer concerns.
* Maintain detailed records of support interactions in our ticketing system.
* Strong knowledge of AWS (or equivalent), Kubernetes, Linux, and Networking.
* Knowledge of monitoring and alerting tools (Grafana, Prometheus, Datadog).
* Ability to work independently, prioritize tasks, and manage time effectively.
* Experience with support ticketing systems (e.g., Zendesk, Freshdesk, Jira) and remote troubleshooting tools.
* Previous experience in on-prem installations is a plus.

## **Process**

* Intro call with John, our Support Engineering lead
* Technical Interview(s) with a panel composed by John and other Engineers
* Team fit call with the People Team
* Final Interview

## **Benefits**

* Fully remote work & flexible hours;
* 37 days/year of vacation & holidays;
* Health insurance allowance for you and dependents;
* Company-provided equipment;
* Wellbeing, always-be-learning and home office allowances;
* Frequent team get togethers in Paris;
* Great diverse & inclusive people-first culture.
