---
title: 'Senior Technical Program Manager (Preclinical), London '
status: archived
id: '5805072004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/5805072004
lastmod: '2026-06-24T07:52:01-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T04:55:32-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- DDMR
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

As Isomorphic Labs accelerates its pipeline, we are approaching a critical inflection point: developing capabilities to deliver Iso’s ambition of multiple drug candidates per year. We are looking for a highly tactical and strategic Technical Program Manager to anchor this process.

You will play a pivotal role in operationalising our path to the clinic, managing the complex sequencing of our first IND submissions. You will be the bridge between our scientific breakthroughs and regulatory reality, ensuring that our data management and documentation mature from research-grade to submission-ready standards. This is an opportunity for a "hands on" operator who can manage detailed logistics today, with the scope to grow as our development portfolio scales.

### **What you will do**

* **Drive non-clinical IND needs**: You will manage the timeline and sequencing of late-stage discovery including CMC, DMPK, pharmacology and tox reporting to enable successful submission, ensuring no critical path items are missed. You will partner closely with counterparts in our clinical team to ensure non-clinical and clinical aspects of the IND are integrated correctly.
* **Program Management**: Create and maintain rigorous project plans that monitor sequencing in a highly detailed way. You will track dependencies across multiple workstreams to ensure alignment with submission goals, including working with a network of external vendors and collaborators and managing large budgets.
* **Data Management:** Play a leading role in the transition of document and data management workflows from general cloud storage (e.g., Google Drive) to submission-ready systems. You will ensure our data integrity and documentation meet the regulatory standards required for development.
* **Cross-Functional Coordination:** Act as the operational hub for interdisciplinary teams, facilitating seamless communication between scientific teams, technical operations, and regulatory consultants to keep programs on track.
* **Risk Mitigation:** Proactively identify and document risks in the pre-clinical phase and devise mitigation strategies in partnership with Program Leads before they impact timelines.
* **Operational Excellence:** Partner with the DDMR Leads to refine the operating model for pre-clinical development, helping to establish the world class infrastructure required for future programs.

### **Skills and qualifications**

### **Essential:**

* You must have a proven track record of managing an IND application process from late discovery/pre-clinical all the way through to submission.
* Deep experience working at the intersection of discovery and early development; you understand the specific scientific and operational shifts that occur during this transition.
* Experience implementing or managing regulatory-compliant document management systems.
* Experience working with external vendors and collaborators.
* Experience managing large budgets.
* You have the ability to be "in the weeds" managing complex schedules and logistics, while possessing enough industry experience to provide high-level strategic input on regulatory hurdles.
* Exceptional organisational skills with a mastery of sequencing complex, multi-disciplinary activities.

### **Nice to have:**

* Scientific MSc or PhD in Biology, Chemistry/protein engineering, toxicology or a related discipline.
* Formal program management qualification (e.g., PMP, PRINCE2)
* Experience in a high-growth Biotech or TechBio environment
* Experience working on multiple modalities (small molecules, biologics, …)

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
