---
title: Head of Chemistry, Drug Design, Cambridge, MA
status: archived
id: '5915372004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/5915372004
lastmod: '2026-05-15T05:10:27-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T09:02:45-04:00'
location: Cambridge, MA
departments:
- Drug Design
offices:
- Cambridge, MA
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **About the Medicinal Drug Design Team**

We are building a dynamic team of Medicinal Chemists in Cambridge, MA, to transform how drugs are designed. By partnering deeply with our AI/ML colleagues, we are doing more than just leveraging the Isomorphic Labs Drug Design Engine - we are actively shaping it. We use our domain expertise to challenge and refine our algorithms, creating a powerful symbiotic relationship that drives our internal and collaborative portfolios. Our team work closely together in a supportive environment, where everyone is valued for their medicinal chemistry expertise and experience they bring to the group. We have a strong growth mindset and prioritise continued development and learning.

### **Your impact**

As part of our expansion to Cambridge, MA, we are seeking an experienced and strategic Head of Chemistry, Drug Design to join our foundational Drug Design team. This is a pivotal role for a motivated scientific leader who is eager to shape the future of drug discovery at the intersection of medicinal chemistry and artificial intelligence. This role requires a unique blend of deep scientific expertise and the ability to lead both technical projects and high-performing teams, whilst contributing to or leading active drug discovery programs.

You will provide scientific leadership and strategic direction for the Medicinal Drug Design team, responsible for delivery and guidance of projects to clinical candidate nomination. Additionally, you will oversee and mentor a team of talented Medicinal Chemists, fostering their scientific growth and career development. Working alongside world-leading AI/ML Scientists, you will play a critical role in driving project success, enhancing our AI platform through expert feedback, and building a high-performing team. Critical to this role will be the ability to build highly effective and efficient connectivity with Computational Drug Design, Biology and Pre-Clinical Development teams to accelerate pace to the clinic. If you are a skilled Medicinal Chemist with leadership experience and a passion for applying cutting-edge technology to complex scientific challenges, this role offers an unparalleled opportunity for impact and growth.

### **What you will do**

* Apply your knowledge and track record of modern drug design & discovery principles to deliver our Drug Design portfolio.
* Provide direct line management for a growing team of Medicinal Chemists. Set clear goals, provide regular feedback, support their professional development, and foster a collaborative and high-performance team environment.
* Provide strategic input and technical direction to our AI/ML platform teams.
* Collaborate both internally and with third party organisations, interacting within multidisciplinary teams, to support data-driven delivery of high quality scientific solutions to complex technical problems.
* Represent the company externally, interacting with existing and prospective collaborators and Contract Research Organizations (CROs).
* Effectively manage CRO resource and monitor KPIs to maintain delivery.
* Prepare detailed scientific proposals and reports to support new and ongoing programs.
* Embrace and champion our culture of inclusion and continuous professional development.

### **Skills and qualifications**

#### **Essential:**

* PhD in Synthetic Organic Chemistry, Medicinal Chemistry or a related technical field, or equivalent industrial experience.
* Solid foundation in medicinal chemistry with a minimum of 10+ years previous industrial experience within a pharma/biotech/CRO setting.
* Proven track record of leading medicinal chemistry efforts on drug discovery projects, demonstrating significant contributions to project progression (ideally from Hit Identification through to Lead Optimization/Candidate Nomination, with familiarity of optimization of Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics (DMPK).
* Demonstrated experience in line management, mentorship, and developing scientific talent.
* Excellent strategic thinking, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities applied to complex drug discovery challenges.
* Strong strategic thinking, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities applied to complex drug discovery challenges.
* Experience of working with and closely managing CRO resource.
* Strong track record of scientific achievement, evidenced by publications, patents, and presentations.
* Genuine passion for drug discovery and enthusiasm for the potential of AI/ML to transform the field.

#### **Nice to have:**

* Experience of successful application of fragment-based drug design approaches.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
