---
title: Talent Partner (Tech), London
status: archived
id: '5985489004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/5985489004
lastmod: '2026-05-21T12:32:07-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T10:44:04-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- People & Talent
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

As a Talent Partner at Isomorphic Labs, you'll play a critical role in our mission to revolutionise drug discovery through AI. You will be a key driver in:

* **Building world-class teams:** You'll partner with senior leaders to develop and execute talent acquisition strategies that attract top-tier talent across Your efforts will directly contribute to building high-performing teams that drive groundbreaking innovation.
* **Shaping our future:** You'll be responsible for finding and attracting the individuals who will help us achieve our ambitious goal of transforming drug discovery and finding cures for devastating diseases. The talent you bring in will be instrumental in shaping the future of medicine.
* **Fostering an inclusive culture:** You'll champion inclusion in our hiring practices, ensuring we build teams that reflect the populations we serve and foster a culture where everyone feels valued and belongs.
* **Driving organisational growth:** You'll contribute to Isomorphic Labs' rapid growth by efficiently and effectively scaling our teams with exceptional talent. Your ability to identify and secure top candidates will be essential to our success.
* **Enhancing our employer brand:** You'll act as an ambassador for Isomorphic Labs, creating positive candidate experiences that strengthen our reputation as an employer of choice in the competitive AI and biotech landscape.

### **What you will do**

* **Partner with leaders:** Act as a trusted advisor to senior leaders, offering a consultative approach to developing and implementing talent acquisition strategies that support our ambitious growth goals.
* **Source and engage top talent:** Utilise your expertise in sourcing and driving engagement with passive candidates to build robust pipelines for a variety of roles.
* **Stay ahead of the curve:** Continuously learn and adapt to the evolving technical, engineering, recruitment landscape, maintaining a deep understanding of industry trends and best practices.
* **Embrace data-driven recruitment:** Utilise data and analytics to inform your recruitment strategies, track progress, and drive successful outcomes.
* **Deliver exceptional candidate experience:** Ensure a positive and seamless candidate journey, from initial application to offer negotiation, including all associated administrative processes.
* **Master talent sourcing techniques:** Employ sophisticated sourcing methods, including social media channels, specialised online resources, and industry events, to identify and attract high-caliber candidates.
* **Collaborate effectively:** Partner closely with People Partners, Technical Program Managers, and hiring teams to ensure a cohesive and collaborative approach to hiring decisions and onboarding.
* **Lead and contribute to projects:** Take ownership of and contribute to various talent acquisition projects, such as employer branding initiatives, events and conferences, interview training, and reporting.

### **Skills and qualifications**

### **Essential:**

* Depth of experience as a full 360 recruiter hiring for engineering employees in technical organisations.
* You will have been responsible for the organisation and launch of candidate searches, as well as utilising all applicable resources to build initial lists of potential candidates.
* You have conducted in-depth research and provided guidance on hiring strategies in partnership with managers.
* Worked closely with technical stakeholders in Engineering departments.
* You have managed highly sought after candidates through robust and thorough interview processes, prepping and guiding them as they progress.
* You build strong relationships with hiring teams and stakeholders, managing expectations, and providing insights for wider cross functional reporting.
* You’re a problem solver collecting and interpreting data, identifying alternatives when circumstances change and seeking out responsibilities beyond the ‘job description’.
* An efficient driver, you evolve and improve processes across the whole recruitment lifecycle whilst maintaining a high quality candidate experience.

### **Nice to have:**

* Experience using Greenhouse
* Experience with G-suite

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
