---
title: 'Head of Procurement, London  '
status: archived
id: '6103580004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/6103580004
lastmod: '2026-07-02T14:08:02-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T14:08:02-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- 'Central  '
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

We have an exciting opportunity for a strategic, hands on and analytical Procurement Lead to build our sourcing function from the ground up. Reporting directly to the Finance Director, you will lead on building and implementing a durable, value-driven sourcing strategy.  We are looking for a builder; this role offers the unique challenge of establishing a function within a rapidly scaling, mission-driven environment. Your leadership will bridge the gap between commercial discipline and groundbreaking science, ensuring our operational engine is as innovative as our AI models.

### **What you will do**

Your primary focus will be on managing RFPs, vendor selection and strategy, negotiation, and vendor onboarding.

* Strategy & Architecture: Design and implement the company’s first formal procurement policy and strategy.
* Vendor selection and negotiation: Partner with Function Leads, Technical Program Managers and Operating Partners to lead the selection, negotiation, and onboarding of vendors.
* Category Management: Oversee spend across G&A software, licenses and databases, IT/SaaS, and Professional Services.
* Cost Optimisation: Identify and execute cost-saving initiatives (e.g., volume discounts, preferred vendor programs) to stretch our capital further and empower a commercial mindset across relevant stakeholders. Benchmark supplier quotes and negotiate with vendors on price and other key terms.
* Risk Mitigation: Ensure all vendors understand and meet stringent compliance, quality, and data security standards. Implement multisourcing to introduce redundancy for business critical situations.
* Vendor onboarding: Manage the vendor onboarding process including Vendor Security Assessments and Finance systems enrollment.

### **Skills and qualifications**

* Depth of experience  in procurement, ideally within the Biotech/Pharma or or Tech/SaaS  industry
* Proven track record of building, scaling, or significantly transforming a procurement function from the ground up, including writing policies and establishing governance.
* Deep understanding of sourcing strategies across critical spend areas, specifically IT infrastructure, enterprise software licenses, data/databases, and professional services.
* Advanced negotiation skills with a strong grasp of commercial contract law, IP considerations, and data security/privacy regulations (e.g., GDPR) relevant to vendor onboarding.
* Ability to work autonomously in a high-growth, venture-backed, rapidly scaling environment.
* Systems: Hands on experience selecting, implementing or optimising ERP/e-Procurement software (e.g., NetSuite, Coupa, or Jaggaer).
* Exceptional relationship-building skills with the ability to partner with, influence, and educate highly technical and scientific stakeholders.
* Bachelor’s degree in business would be an advantage, but is not essential.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
