---
title: Systems Research Engineer, GPU Programming
status: active
id: '4188119007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/4188119007
lastmod: '2026-05-07T18:46:42-04:00'
date: '2024-01-16T09:59:54-05:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Research
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### **About the Role**

As a Systems Research Engineer specialized in GPU Programming, you will play a crucial role in developing and optimizing GPU-accelerated kernels and algorithms for ML/AI applications. Working closely with the modeling and algorithm team, you will co-design GPU kernels and model architecture to enhance the performance and efficiency of our AI systems. Collaborating with the hardware and software teams, you will contribute to the co-design of efficient GPU architectures and programming models, leveraging your expertise in GPU programming and parallel computing. Your research skills will be vital in staying up-to-date with the latest advancements in GPU programming techniques, ensuring that our AI infrastructure remains at the forefront of innovation.

### **Requirements**

* Strong background in GPU programming and parallel computing, such as CUDA and/or Triton.
* Knowledge of ML/AI applications and models
* Knowledge of performance profiling and optimization tools for GPU programming
* Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
* Bachelor's, Master's, or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experiences

### **Responsibilities**

* Optimize and fine-tune GPU code to achieve better performance and scalability
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate GPU-accelerated solutions into existing software systems
* Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in GPU programming techniques and technologies

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance, and other benefits, as well as flexibility in terms of remote work. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $160,000 - $230,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at <https://www.together.ai/privacy>
