---
title: Senior Data Engineer
status: active
id: '4737079007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/4737079007
lastmod: '2026-05-07T18:46:42-04:00'
date: '2025-05-15T15:57:13-04:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### **About the Role**

Together AI is looking for a Senior Data Engineer to help define, build, and operate the data infrastructure that handles millions of events every day to power Together’s mission-critical systems. As a Senior Data Engineer, you will work with our Data and Commerce engineering team to scale the data processing components of Together’s usage-based billing system, real-time customer-facing analytics product, and internal business intelligence tools. You will work across both cloud-native services and globally distributed data centers.

If you thrive in fast-paced environments and have a passion for defining and building early-stage data platforms for a rapidly scaling and data-intensive company, this is for you.

### **Requirements**

* 5+ years of demonstrated experience in building large scale, fault tolerant, distributed data platforms, stream processing pipelines, ETLs, etc
* Expert-level skills in designing, building, and operating stream processing pipelines with services like AWS Kinesis, Apache Kafka, or Redpanda
* Expert-level knowledge of building real-time customer facing analytics systems using services like AWS TimeStream or Clickhouse
* Proficiency in writing and maintaining Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using tools like Terraform, AWS CDK, or Pulumi
* Proficiency in version control practices and integrating IaC with CI/CD pipelines.
* Proficiency in implementing and managing GitOps workflows with tools such as ArgoCD, Github Actions, TeamCity, or similar
* Proficiency in one or more of Golang, Rust, Python, Java, or TypeScript
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
* Experience with Kubernetes, or containers a plus

### **Responsibilities**

* Identify, design, and develop foundational data infrastructure components capable of handling millions or billions of events daily
* Analyze and improve the robustness and scalability of existing data processing infrastructure
* Partner with product teams to understand functional requirements and deliver solutions that meet business needs
* Write clear, well-tested, and maintainable infra-as-code and software for both new and existing systems
* Conduct design and code reviews, create developer documentation, and develop testing strategies for robustness and fault tolerance
* Participate in an on-call rotation to address critical incidents when necessary

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers and engineers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance and other competitive benefits. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $160,000 - $240,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at <https://www.together.ai/privacy>
