---
title: Senior Software Engineer - Together Cloud Platform
status: active
id: '4753072007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/4753072007
lastmod: '2026-05-07T18:46:42-04:00'
date: '2025-06-04T13:04:51-04:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### About the Role

Together AI is building the AI Acceleration Cloud, an end-to-end platform for the full generative AI lifecycle, combining the fastest LLM inference engine with state-of-the-art AI cloud infrastructure.

As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will play a key role in building the next generation AI cloud platform – a highly available, global, blazing-fast cloud infrastructure that virtualizes cutting-edge ML hardware (GB200s/GB300s, BlueField DPUs) and enables state-of-the-art ML practitioners with self-serve AI cloud services, such as on-demand + managed Kubernetes and Slurm clusters. This platform serves both our internal StaaS products (inference, fine-tuning) and our external cloud customers, spanning dozens of data centers across the world.

Some of what you’ll work on:

* Work on a distributed GPU scheduling system for the on-demand clusters product, Instant Clusters.
* Build out a global management plane for managing our data center compute, networking, and storage.
* Design and build new customer-facing cloud platform services, delivering killer enterprise AI cloud features.

### **Responsibilities**

* Identify, design, and develop foundational backend services that power Together’s cloud platform
* Analyze and improve the robustness and scalability of existing distributed systems, APIs, databases, and infrastructure
* Partner with product teams to understand functional requirements and deliver solutions that meet business needs
* Write clear, well-tested, and maintainable software and IaC for both new and existing systems
* Conduct design and code reviews, create developer documentation, and develop testing strategies for robustness and fault tolerance
* Participate in an on-call rotation to address critical incidents when necessary

### **Requirements**

* 5+ years of demonstrated experience in building large scale, fault tolerant, distributed systems and API microservices
* Experience designing, analyzing and improving efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources
* Excellent communication skills – able to write clear design docs and work effectively with both technical and non-technical team members
* Demonstrated experience with building and operating high-performance and/or globally distributed microservice architectures across one or more cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP)
* Strong systems knowledge across compute, networking, and storage, including concurrency, memory management, performant I/O, and scale
* Experience developing against and managing a relational database, such as PostgreSQL
* Expert-level programmer in one or more of programming language (Golang preferred)
* Proficiency in version control practices and integrating IaC with CI/CD pipelines.
* Experience with Kubernetes and containers preferred
* Experience building and operating data infrastructure (Kinesis, Airflow, Kafka, etc) a plus
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance, and other benefits, as well as flexibility in terms of remote work. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $160,000 - $230,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at<https://www.together.ai/privacy>
