---
title: Product Marketing Director
status: active
id: '4970113007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/4970113007
lastmod: '2026-05-07T18:46:42-04:00'
date: '2025-11-05T14:09:54-05:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### About the Role

Together AI is a frontier AI cloud, which has been built bottoms up to cater to the demand for the new generation of AI applications and agents. The company has seen tremendous growth with 20X customer growth and 6X ARR growth in the financial year.

As we continue to drive product innovation, we are also investing deeply in GTM. We are looking for a product marketing leader to continue to build and scale our PMM function. This role will own the platform as well as all product level value propositions and define how the messaging flows downstream across all channels. They will partner closely with the product management team to build and execute our product launch calendar and GTM plans to deliver adoption and user growth for our key products. This role will report into the head of marketing and is expected to lead our current PMM organization and continue to build a bar-raising PMM function.

### **Responsibilities**

* Build and maintain detailed buyer personas and ideal customer profiles to guide segmentation, messaging, and campaign strategies.​
* Develop compelling product positioning and messaging that clearly differentiate us in a competitive landscape
* Partner closely with Product Management to influence roadmap priorities based on market insights, customer feedback, and competitive analysis​
* Own the go-to-market strategy for new product launches and major updates, managing the cross-functional coordination needed for success.​
* Lead creation of sales enablement tools—pitch decks, battlecards, and case studies—to empower sales and customer success teams.​
* Drive consistent storytelling across all customer touchpoints—website, campaigns, and events
* Partner with PR, demand generation, field marketing, and web teams to ensure alignment between GTM campaigns and core value propositions.​
* Manage, coach and scale a bar-raising team of product marketers
* Set up, measure and report on key OKRs for the PMM function

### **Requirements**

* 10+ years of PMM experience in enterprise software, preferably in AI, AI natives, Digital Natives or Cloud
* 5+ years as a team leader in the PMM function
* Proven success leading and scaling high-performing product marketing teams in fast-paced growth environments
* Strong ability to translate complex technical features into business-oriented messaging for diverse audiences
* Demonstrated experience building GTM strategies, launching new products, and achieving measurable awareness, adoption or pipeline growth​
* Comfortable operating cross-functionally with Sales, Product, and Engineering to align market strategy with execution
* Exceptional analytical skills with a data-driven approach to decision-making and reporting
* Bachelor’s degree in engineering and MBA preferre

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance and other competitive benefits. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $250-295k + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge. This is a hybrid role based in the Bay Area.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at<https://www.together.ai/privacy>
