---
title: Customer Support Engineer (Inference), India
status: active
id: '5069532007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/5069532007
lastmod: '2026-05-07T18:46:42-04:00'
date: '2026-03-10T16:37:31-04:00'
location: India
departments:
- Customer Success
offices:
- Remote
---

### **About the Role**

As a Customer Support Engineer at a pioneering AI company, you'll be the first line of defense to support customers as they build out training, fine tuning, and inference solutions with Together AI. You'll dive deep into complex technical challenges, providing swift and effective solutions while serving as a product expert. As a part of the Customer Experience organization, you will collaborate closely with product and sales, driving continuous improvement of our offerings. This is an exciting opportunity for a deeply technical professional passionate about AI and customer success to make a significant impact in a fast-paced, innovative environment.

### **Responsibilities**

* Engage directly with customers to tackle and resolve complex technical challenges involving our cutting-edge GPU clusters and our inference and fine-tuning services; ensure swift and effective solutions every time.
* Become a product expert in all of our Gen AI solutions, serving as the last line of technical defense before issues are escalated to Engineering and Product teams.
* Collaborate seamlessly across Engineering, Research, and Product teams to address customer concerns; collaborate with senior leaders both internally and externally to ensure the highest levels of customer satisfaction.
* Transform customer insights into action by identifying patterns in support cases and working with Engineering and Go-To-Market teams to drive Together’s roadmap (e.g., future models to support)
* Maintain detailed documentation of system configurations, procedures, troubleshooting guides, and FAQs to facilitate knowledge sharing with team and customers.
* Be flexible in providing support coverage during holidays, nights and weekends as required by business needs to ensure consistent and reliable service for our customers.

### **Requirements**

* 5+ years of experience in a customer-facing technical role with at least 1 year in a support function in AI
* Strong technical background, with knowledge of AI, ML, GPU technologies and their integration into high-performance computing (HPC) environments.
* Familiarity with infrastructure services (e.g., Kubernetes, SLURM), infrastructure as code solutions (e.g., Ansible) high-performance network fabrics, NFS-based storage management, container infrastructure, and scripting and programming languages.
* Familiarity with operating storage systems in HPC environments such as Vast and Weka
* Familiarity with inspecting and resolving network-related errors
* Strong knowledge of Python, TypeScript, and/or JavaScript with testing/debugging experience using curl and Postman-like tools
* Foundational understanding in the installation, configuration, administration, troubleshooting, and securing of compute clusters.
* Complex technical problem solving and troubleshooting, with a proactive approach to issue resolution
* Ability to work cross-functionally with teams such as Sales, Engineering, Support, Product and Research to drive customer success.
* Strong sense of ownership and willingness to learn new skills to ensure both team and customer success.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
* Ability to operate in dynamic environments, adept at managing multiple projects, and comfortable with frequent context switching and prioritization.

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance, and other benefits, as well as flexibility in terms of remote work for the respective hiring region. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.
