---
title: AI Infrastructure Engineer
status: active
id: '5138540007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/5138540007
lastmod: '2026-05-14T23:06:33-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T23:04:22-04:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco
---

As an AI Infrastructure Engineer at Together, you are responsible for keeping all user-facing services and production systems running smoothly. You are a blend of a pragmatic operator and a software engineer that applies sound engineering principles, operational discipline, and mature automation to our operating environments and codebase.

You specialize in systems (operating systems, storage subsystems, networking), while implementing best practices for availability, reliability and scalability, with varied interests in algorithms and distributed systems.

**Responsibilities**

* Participate in on-call rotation (Pagerduty) to respond to production incidents
* Build and run our infrastructure with Ansible, Terraform, and Kubernetes to enable scaling to a massive number of concurrent users
* Build monitoring systems to ensure the highest quality service for our customers
* Design and implement operational processes (such as deployments and upgrades)
* Debug production issues across all services and levels of the stack
* Identify improvements for the product architecture from the reliability, performance and availability perspectives
* Plan the growth of Together AI's infrastructure

**Requirements**

* 5+ years of professional AI Infra or related experience
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent work experience
* Knowledge of Ansible (roles, playbooks), Terraform, and Kubernetes
* Proficiency in programming/scripting languages
* Direct experience in monitoring and observability practices
* Knowledge of cloud services
* Ability to thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts

**About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers and engineers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

**Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance and other competitive benefits. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $190,000 - $270,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

**Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.
