---
title: Systems Research Engineer Intern - GPU Programming (Fall 2026)
status: active
id: '5157559007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/5157559007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:13:44-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T13:13:44-04:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Research
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### **About The Role**

As a Systems Research Engineer Intern specialized in GPU Programming, you will play a crucial role in developing and optimizing GPU-accelerated kernels and algorithms for ML/AI applications. Working closely with the modeling and algorithm team, you will co-design GPU kernels and model architecture to enhance the performance and efficiency of our AI systems. Collaborating with the hardware and software teams, you will contribute to the co-design of efficient GPU architectures and programming models, leveraging your expertise in GPU programming and parallel computing. Your research skills will be vital in staying up-to-date with the latest advancements in GPU programming techniques, ensuring that our AI infrastructure remains at the forefront of innovation.

### **Responsibilities**

* Optimize and fine-tune GPU code to achieve better performance and scalability
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate GPU-accelerated solutions into existing software systems
* Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in GPU programming techniques and technologies

### **Requirements**

* Strong background in GPU programming and parallel computing, such as CUDA and/or Triton.
* Knowledge of ML/AI applications and models
* Knowledge of performance profiling and optimization tools for GPU programming
* Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills

### **Internship Program Details**

Our fall internship program spans over 12 to 16 weeks where you’ll have the opportunity to work with industry-leading engineers building a cloud from the ground up and possibly contribute to influential open source projects. Our internship dates are September 14th to December 18th.

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancements such as FlashAttention, Mamba, FlexGen, Petals, Mixture of Agents, and RedPajama.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, housing stipends, and other competitive benefits. The estimated US hourly rate for this role is $58 to $63. Our hourly rates are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at <https://www.together.ai/privacy>
