---
title: 'AI infrastructure Engineer (SRE) Bangalore '
status: active
id: '5180155007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/5180155007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T12:32:15-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T12:32:15-04:00'
location: Bangalore, India
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Remote
---

### About the Role

As a AI Infrastructure Engineer (SRE) at Together, you are responsible for keeping all user-facing services and production systems running smoothly. You are a blend of a pragmatic operator and a software engineer that applies sound engineering principles, operational discipline, and mature automation to our operating environments and codebase.

You specialize in systems (operating systems, storage subsystems, networking), while implementing best practices for availability, reliability and scalability, with varied interests in algorithms and distributed systems.

Ideally based closed to Bangalore or remote India.

### **Responsibilities**

* Be on an on-call (PagerDuty) rotation to respond to incidents that impact availability
* Build and run our infrastructure with Ansible, Terraform, and Kubernetes to enable scaling to a massive number of concurrent users
* Build monitoring systems to ensure the highest quality service for our customers
* Design and implement operational processes (such as deployments and upgrades)
* Debug production issues across all services and levels of the stack
* Identify improvements for the product architecture from the reliability, performance and availability perspectives
* Plan the growth of Together AI’s infrastructure

### **Requirements**

* 7+ years of professional SRE or related experience
* Must have Experience operating GPU-enabled Kubernetes clusters or AI infrastructure supporting machine learning training and inference workloads.
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent work experience
* Expert knowledge of Ansible (roles, playbooks), Terraform, and Kubernetes
* Proficiency in programming/scripting languages
* Direct experience in monitoring and observability practices
* Advanced knowledge of cloud services
* Ability to thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers and engineers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at <https://www.together.ai/privacy>
