---
title: Insert Job You Excel At
status: active
id: 2021199f-221e-4a8c-aa66-210496cb38da
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/etched/2021199f-221e-4a8c-aa66-210496cb38da
lastmod: '2026-06-30T16:13:56.718+00:00'
date: '2026-06-30T16:13:56.718+00:00'
location: San Jose
departments:
- Other
---

**About Etched**

Etched is building hardware for frontier intelligence. We co-design chips, racks, software, and manufacturing to deliver best-in-class throughput and latency across both prefill and decode workloads. Our first products are heavily focused on **inference**. Backed by hundreds of millions from top-tier investors and staffed by leading engineers, Etched is redefining the infrastructure layer for the fastest growing industry in history.

**Job Summary**

Exceptional companies are built by exceptional people. We’ve found that exceptional people don’t always fit neatly into pre-defined job descriptions.

If you're excited about what we're building and have a clear vision for how you could create an outsized impact at Etched, we'd love to hear from you. Tell us what you'd work on, why it matters, and why you're uniquely suited to do it.

We’re looking for unconventional thinkers, builders, and problem-solvers. If that's you, introduce yourself. We’ll make room.

**Benefits**

* Medical, dental, and vision packages with generous premium coverage

  + $500 per month credit for waiving medical benefits
* Housing subsidy of $2k per month for those living within walking distance of the office
* Relocation support for those moving to San Jose (Santana Row)
* Various wellness benefits covering fitness, mental health, and more
* Daily lunch and dinner in our office
* Unlimited compute budget subject to ROI justification

**How we’re different**

Etched believes in the [Bitter Lesson](http://www.incompleteideas.net/IncIdeas/BitterLesson.html). We think most of the progress in the AI field has come from using more FLOPs to train and run models, and the best way to get more FLOPs is to build model-specific hardware. Larger and larger training runs encourage companies to consolidate around fewer model architectures, which creates a market for single-model ASICs.

We are a fully in-person team in San Jose and Taipei, and greatly value engineering skills. We do not have boundaries between engineering and research, and we expect all of our technical staff to contribute to both as needed.
