---
title: Core Operations
status: active
id: 30b1a3d7-8b36-4971-8652-684066664084
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/etched/30b1a3d7-8b36-4971-8652-684066664084
lastmod: '2025-08-17T19:05:33.359+00:00'
date: '2025-08-17T19:05:33.359+00:00'
location: San Jose
departments:
- Operations
compensation: $150K – $250K • Plus Significant Equity
---

**About Etched**

Etched is building the world’s first AI inference system purpose-built for transformers - delivering over 10x higher performance and dramatically lower cost and latency than a B200. With Etched ASICs, you can build products that would be impossible with GPUs, like real-time video generation models and extremely deep & parallel chain-of-thought reasoning agents. Backed by hundreds of millions from top-tier investors and staffed by leading engineers, Etched is redefining the infrastructure layer for the fastest growing industry in history.

**Job Summary**

The Core Operations team is our SEAL Team 6, tackling the most critical challenges across the organization and working directly with the President.

This role requires strong business acumen, analytical skills, effective people management, and full ownership of high-priority initiatives. While your focus will shift over time, you will be working on the most important problems of today. It will be fast-paced, entrepreneurial, and offer significant opportunities to take on greater responsibilities while helping shape our company’s growth and direction.

Success in this role depends on personal accountability, ambition, and a results-driven mindset. This role requires availability outside of normal working hours, and the ideal candidate is excited about that requirement.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Design, prioritize, and drive the execution of high-priority, high-scope projects, ensuring measurable outcomes that align with the company’s objectives.
* Provide strategic insights and actionable recommendations to the leadership team through rigorous data analysis, identifying process gaps, optimizing workflows, and driving performance improvements across the business.
* Develop and deliver high-impact materials for internal and external stakeholders, ensuring clarity, alignment, and transparency across all levels. Foster a shared internal understanding of the company’s goals and objectives.
* Act as a key liaison between the executive team and departments across the organization, aligning teams on strategic initiatives, tracking progress, and ensuring timely, high-quality execution of key projects. Identify opportunities to elevate team capabilities and implement tools that increase productivity and scalability across the organization.
* Work with leadership to set and track key performance indicators (KPIs), monitoring organizational performance and diagnosing opportunities for optimization to drive operational excellence and business impact.

**You may be a good fit if you have**

* Several years of experience in high-ownership, high-pressure roles within finance, consulting, or startup environments.
* Proven ability to manage multiple concurrent high-impact projects from inception to completion. Skilled in driving cross-functional alignment, ensuring accountability, and delivering results.
* Ability to represent leadership, confidently make critical decisions on their behalf, and communicate information at the level of leadership.
* Comfortable with ambiguity and working within a rapidly changing environment with ever shifting priorities.
* Expertise in designing and developing reports to elucidate metrics that measure success and drive decisions.
* Ability to quickly synthesize information, create compelling presentations, and parse complex data with custom spreadsheets.

**Strong candidates will have**

* Proven experience or formal education in computer science, electrical engineering, artificial Intelligence, or a related field.
* Deep knowledge of the AI ecosystem, including emerging trends, cutting-edge technologies, and industry innovations.
* Strong understanding of startup stock, cap table, finance, and legal mechanics.

**Benefits**

* Medical, dental, and vision packages with generous premium coverage

  + $500 per month credit for waiving medical benefits
* Housing subsidy of $2k per month for those living within walking distance of the office
* Relocation support for those moving to San Jose (Santana Row)
* Various wellness benefits covering fitness, mental health, and more
* Daily lunch + dinner in our office
* Unlimited compute budget subject to ROI justification

**How we’re different**

Etched believes in the [Bitter Lesson](http://www.incompleteideas.net/IncIdeas/BitterLesson.html). We think most of the progress in the AI field has come from using more FLOPs to train and run models, and the best way to get more FLOPs is to build model-specific hardware. Larger and larger training runs encourage companies to consolidate around fewer model architectures, which creates a market for single-model ASICs.

We are a fully in-person team in San Jose (Santana Row), and greatly value engineering skills. We do not have boundaries between engineering and research, and we expect all of our technical staff to contribute to both as needed.
