---
title: Electrical Engineer, Hardware Systems
status: active
id: 61860739-5aa9-4f64-920d-f4c1cca71af8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/etched/61860739-5aa9-4f64-920d-f4c1cca71af8
lastmod: '2026-03-17T21:03:12.427+00:00'
date: '2026-03-17T21:03:12.427+00:00'
location: San Jose
departments:
- Platform
compensation: $150K – $275K • Plus Significant Equity
---

**About Etched**

Etched is building AI chips that are hard-coded for individual model architectures. Our first product (Sohu) only supports transformers, but has an order of magnitude more throughput and lower latency than a B200. With Etched ASICs, you can build products that would be impossible with GPUs, like real-time video generation models and extremely deep chain-of-thought reasoning.

Etched is looking for exceptional hardware system engineers to join our team. The candidate will be responsible for schematic design for our accelerator module, and will help us pave the way for manufacturing scale.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Lead schematic design of the mezzanine card and base board for Etched’s accelerator systems
* Work with Signal Integrity, PCB, and Mechanical Engineering to solve system level design problems
* Collaborate with ODMs/OEMs on system requirements, including bringup and validation plans
* Understand datacenter customer requirements and ensure our servers meet them
* Bring up of system base board and mezzanine card
* Create and manage PCBA documentation including BOMs and special assembly processes
* Define test plans and test equipment for bring-up and manufacturing

**You may be a good fit if you have (Must-have qualifications)**

* 5-10 years of experience in complex server/switch system design and development
* Extensive experience on 100G Ethernet, PCIe Gen5, I2C, SPI, UART interfaces
* Familiar with modern AI/datacenter system architecture
* Proven track record of designing systems alongside silicon
* Deep understanding of datacenter needs, especially with respect to high power (>10 kW) AI servers
* Passionate about modern AIs like ChatGPT, and willing to learn about them on the job

We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.

**Benefits**

* Medical, dental, and vision packages with generous premium coverage

  + $500 per month credit for waiving medical benefits
* Housing subsidy of $2k per month for those living within walking distance of the office
* Relocation support for those moving to San Jose (Santana Row)
* Various wellness benefits covering fitness, mental health, and more
* Daily lunch and dinner in our office
* Unlimited compute budget subject to ROI justification

**Compensation Range**

* $150,000 - $275,000

**How we’re different**

Etched believes in the [Bitter Lesson](http://www.incompleteideas.net/IncIdeas/BitterLesson.html). We think most of the progress in the AI field has come from using more FLOPs to train and run models, and the best way to get more FLOPs is to build model-specific hardware. Larger and larger training runs encourage companies to consolidate around fewer model architectures, which creates a market for single-model ASICs.

We are a fully in-person team in San Jose and Taipei, and greatly value engineering skills. We do not have boundaries between engineering and research, and we expect all of our technical staff to contribute to both as needed.
