---
title: Power Systems Design Engineer
status: active
id: 901d78ff-b9aa-4fc7-baea-604e5d9638d3
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/etched/901d78ff-b9aa-4fc7-baea-604e5d9638d3
lastmod: '2026-04-27T21:38:18.176+00:00'
date: '2026-04-27T21:38:18.176+00:00'
location: San Jose
departments:
- Platform
---

**About Etched**

Etched is building hardware for frontier intelligence. We co-design chips, racks, software, and manufacturing to deliver best-in-class throughput and latency across both prefill and decode workloads. Our first products are heavily focused on **inference**. Backed by hundreds of millions from top-tier investors and staffed by leading engineers, Etched is redefining the infrastructure layer for the fastest growing industry in history.

**Power Supply Integration Engineer**

We are seeking a Power Systems Design Engineer to join our team and contribute to the development of advanced power solutions for high-power processors. As a Power Systems Design Engineer at Etched, you will be pivotal in designing, selecting, and qualifying power supply solutions to meet extremely high power demands for processors. You will work closely with power supply vendors and leverage your expertise in multi-phase power solutions, 48V input conversion, and power loss analysis to ensure optimal performance and reliability. Your role will also involve helping with large BGA (Ball Grid Array) power development and conducting thorough PCB IR drop and power loss simulations.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Design and develop advanced power supply solutions to support extremely high power demands for processor applications. Ensure these solutions meet stringent performance, efficiency, and reliability requirements
* Work closely with power supply vendors to select, design, and qualify components and solutions. Establish and maintain effective relationships to ensure alignment with design specifications and project goals
* Demonstrate expertise in designing and implementing multi-phase power solutions for low-voltage processors, ensuring stable and efficient power delivery
* Develop and optimize power conversion solutions from 48V input to the lower voltage outputs required by high-power processors, enhancing overall system performance
* Conduct detailed PCB IR drop and power loss analysis, identifying and mitigating potential issues. Utilize simulation tools to validate and optimize power distribution networks
* Assist in the design and development of power delivery systems for large BGA packages, ensuring proper power distribution and effective thermal management
* Oversee the testing and validation of power supply designs, addressing issues related to performance, reliability, and manufacturing to ensure high-quality outcome
* Create and maintain detailed design documentation, including schematics, layout files, and design specifications, ensuring clarity and precision in all aspects of the design process

**You maybe a good fit if you have**

* A Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or a related field. Advanced degrees or certifications in power electronics or related areas are a plus
* Bring at least 8 years of experience in power supply design, with a strong focus on high-power applications for processors. Proven expertise in multi-phase power solutions and 48V input conversion is essential
* Expertise in designing and developing multi-phase power solutions for low-voltage processors
* Experience with PCB IR drop analysis and power loss simulations.
* Proficiency in 48V input conversion and power delivery systems
* Knowledge of large BGA power development and thermal management.
* Proficiency in power supply design tools and simulation software such as Voltus IC Power Integrity Solution from Cadence.

We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.

**Benefits**

* Medical, dental, and vision packages with generous premium coverage

  + $500 per month credit for waiving medical benefits
* Housing subsidy of $2k per month for those living within walking distance of the office
* Relocation support for those moving to San Jose (Santana Row)
* Various wellness benefits covering fitness, mental health, and more
* Daily lunch and dinner in our office
* Unlimited compute budget subject to ROI justification

**How we’re different**

Etched believes in the [Bitter Lesson](http://www.incompleteideas.net/IncIdeas/BitterLesson.html). We are the first inference-focused frontier AI system, betting early on transformer and transformer-like architectures and on increasing model sizes. Our addressable market is the entirety of inference, unlike many of our competitors.

We are a fully in-person team in San Jose (Santana Row), and greatly value engineering skills. We do not have boundaries between engineering and research, and we expect all of our technical staff to contribute to both and work across disciplines as needed.
