---
title: EE Hardware System Engineer
status: active
id: a3f5858a-4a34-4712-802c-315352d88156
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/etched/a3f5858a-4a34-4712-802c-315352d88156
lastmod: '2026-07-22T21:30:40.734+00:00'
date: '2026-07-22T21:30:40.734+00:00'
location: Taipei
departments:
- Platform
---

**About Etched**

Etched is building hardware for frontier intelligence. Co-designing chips, racks, software, and manufacturing to deliver best-in-class throughput and latency across both prefill and decode workloads. Our first products are heavily focused on **inference**. Backed by hundreds of millions from top-tier investors and staffed by leading engineers, Etched is redefining the infrastructure layer for the fastest growing industry in history.

**Job Summary**

Etched is looking for exceptional hardware system engineers to join our team. The candidate will be responsible for schematic design for our accelerator module, and will help us pave the way for manufacturing scale.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Lead board development for Etched’s accelerator systems
* Work with Signal Integrity, PCB, and Mechanical Engineering to solve system level design problems
* Collaborate with ODMs/OEMs on system requirements, including bringup and validation plans
* Understand datacenter customer requirements and ensure our servers meet them
* Bring up of system base board and mezzanine card
* Create and manage PCBA documentation including BOMs and special assembly processes
* Define test plans and test equipment for bring-up and manufacturing

**You may be a good fit if you have (Must-have qualifications)**

* 5-10 years of experience in complex server/switch system design and development
* Extensive experience on 100G Ethernet, PCIe Gen5, I2C, SPI, UART interfaces
* Familiar with modern AI/datacenter system architecture
* Proven track record of designing systems alongside silicon
* Deep understanding of datacenter needs, especially with respect to high power (>10 kW) AI servers

**Benefits**

* Competitive compensation packages, including generous equity packages
* Comprehensive insurance coverage and other top-of-market benefits

**How We’re Different**

Etched believes in the [Bitter Lesson](http://www.incompleteideas.net/IncIdeas/BitterLesson.html). We are the first inference-focused frontier AI system, betting early on transformer and transformer-like architectures and on increasing model sizes. Our addressable market is the entirety of inference, unlike many of our competitors.

We are a fully in-person team in San Jose and Taipei, and greatly value engineering skills. We do not have boundaries between engineering and research, and we expect all of our technical staff to contribute to both and work across disciplines as needed.
