---
title: DV Intern
status: active
id: dacedaca-c4ca-4964-85a7-8df1738005bb
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/etched/dacedaca-c4ca-4964-85a7-8df1738005bb
lastmod: '2026-02-07T01:26:37.548+00:00'
date: '2026-02-07T01:26:37.548+00:00'
location: San Jose
departments:
- ASIC
---

**About Etched**

Etched is building the world’s first AI inference system purpose-built for transformers - delivering over 10x higher performance and dramatically lower cost and latency than a B200. With Etched ASICs, you can build products that would be impossible with GPUs, like real-time video generation models and extremely deep & parallel chain-of-thought reasoning agents. Backed by hundreds of millions from top-tier investors and staffed by leading engineers, Etched is redefining the infrastructure layer for the fastest growing industry in history.

**Job Summary**

As aDesign Verification intern, you will ensure the custom IPs powering our chips — including systolic arrays, DMA engines, and NoCs — are robust, high-performance, and silicon-ready. This role demands creativity, deep technical ability, and the drive to tackle complex verification challenges. You will collaborate with architects, RTL designers, and SW/FW/emulation teams to validate correctness and performance across the full hardware-software stack. We are looking for **Fall '26, Spring '27, and Summer '27** interns.

**You may be a good fit if you have**

* Progress towards a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or a related field.
* Familiarity with high-speed digital logic
* Exposure to ASIC or SoC design concepts
* Familiarity with SystemVerilog, UVM, or Python
* Familiarity with verification work and writing test benches
* Familiarity with physical design flows and tooling
* Are able to learn quickly about transformers and other aspects of modern artificial intelligence

**Strong candidates may also have experience with**

* Familiarity with transformer models and machine learning
* UVM or formal verification experience
* ​Ability to program with Python or another scripting language

We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.

**Program details**

* 12-week paid internship
* Generous housing support for those relocating
* Daily lunch and dinner in our office
* Based at our office in San Jose, CA
* Direct mentorship from industry leaders and world-class engineers
* Opportunity to work on one of the most important problems of our time

For any questions, contact [internships@etched.com](mailto:internships@etched.com)

**How we’re different**

Etched believes in the [Bitter Lesson](http://www.incompleteideas.net/IncIdeas/BitterLesson.html). We think most of the progress in the AI field has come from using more FLOPs to train and run models, and the best way to get more FLOPs is to build model-specific hardware. Larger and larger training runs encourage companies to consolidate around fewer model architectures, which creates a market for single-model ASICs.

We are a fully in-person team in San Jose (Santana Row), and greatly value engineering skills. We do not have boundaries between engineering and research, and we expect all of our technical staff to contribute to both as needed.
