---
title: Account Executive - FedGov
status: archived
id: '4087156009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4087156009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-22T10:32:45-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Go To Market
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking an Account Executive (AE) to join the growing Sales team at Govini. The AE plays a critical role in supporting Govini’s business by engaging with customers in pursuit of positioning our technology, expanding the sales pipeline, and driving revenue.

In order to do this job well, you must be passionate about U.S. national security and the role of technology in driving American competitiveness, and eager to evangelize Govini’s flagship product, Ark. You are a natural influencer and can serve as a trusted advisor to help customers solve tough problems. You have a knack for building deeply rooted partnerships and understanding and translating client needs into actionable sales propositions. You are passionate about the power of data to drive better-informed decisions in the government. You thrive in a fast-paced environment and have a competitive spirit where nothing but your best will do.

In this role, you will report to an executive-level Sales Leader and collaborate across the Marketing, Capture, and Delivery teams. A key requirement for our Federal AE role is knowledge & experience with the Federal government.  Sales experience is not necessary although it could be useful.  Govini will provide you with an exciting, fast-paced training program and regular mentoring to ensure new hires are set up for immediate and ongoing  success.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Arlington, VA.

This role may require up to 25% travel

**Scope of Responsibilities**

* Generate new leads and business opportunities across a defined territory, working closely with counterparts across the Sales, Capture, Marketing, and Delivery  teams to identify targets and goals
* Develop a deep familiarity with Govini offerings and how they can be used to solve a wide range of meaningful national security challenges
* Gain a deep understanding of Federal Acquisition processes and problems. Ensure the right questions are being asked and answered throughout the sales process
* Shepherd new business opportunities through the sales cycle, leveraging support from pre- and post-sales teams for expertise and collaboration
* Exceed key performance metrics
* Utilize our CRM (Salesforce) to manage all aspects of prospecting, opportunity management, forecasting, client communications, contacts, activities, and tasks

**Qualifications**

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Possesses a security clearance or is clearable
* Bachelor's degree from a Top Accredited Institution

**Required Skills:**

* Strong domain knowledge & experience in one or more Federal government agencies, and/or service in the USCG
* Strong time and people management skills to marshal resources and advance opportunities
* Strong demonstration of intellect, drive, technical aptitude, and sales-oriented acumen
* Exceptional verbal and written communication skills

**Desired Skills:**

* Federal government work experience & domain knowledge in Homeland Security, Intelligence, Special Operations and/or key Govini functional domains (e.g. logistics, acquisition, etc)
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* 1-3 years experience of government sales experience, preferably with enterprise technology solutions

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
