---
title: Executive Assistant, COO
status: active
id: 38584844-6ed9-4217-9f0d-db847de5ed09
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/writer/38584844-6ed9-4217-9f0d-db847de5ed09
lastmod: '2026-05-13T14:04:13.040+00:00'
date: '2026-05-13T14:04:13.040+00:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Office of CEO
- Office of CEO general
---

**🚀 About WRITER**

WRITER is where the world’s leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we’re proving it’s possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. With WRITER’s end-to-end platform, hundreds of companies like Mars, Marriott, Uber, and Vanguard are building and deploying AI agents that are grounded in their company’s data and fueled by WRITER’s enterprise-grade LLMs. Valued at $1.9B and backed by industry-leading investors including Premji Invest, Radical Ventures, and ICONIQ Growth, WRITER is rapidly cementing its position as the leader in enterprise generative AI.

Founded in 2020 with office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, and London, our team thinks big and moves fast, and we’re looking for smart, hardworking builders and scalers to join us on our journey to create a better future of work with AI.

**📐 About the role**

We're seeking an exceptional executive assistant to partner with our chief operating officer from our London office. This is a high-impact position where you'll serve as a strategic extension of the C-Suite, orchestrating complex schedules, facilitating seamless communication, and ensuring every minute of their time drives maximum value for the organization.

You'll collaborate closely with our U.S.-based executive support team, serving as the primary London hub for scheduling, logistics, and coordination. When our COO is in the UK, you're their anchor. When they travel to the States, you ensure flawless handovers and continuity. Your work keeps the momentum going, no matter where our leaders are in the world.

This is a hybrid role based in London. You'll need to be available to work from our London office as required to support our executives effectively.

**🦸🏻‍♀️ What you’ll do**

* Complex calendar management: manage the COO’s dynamic schedules both internally and externally, understanding key priorities to strategically organize meetings and commitments.
* International & domestic travel: book and plan all logistics for the COO’s travel, including flights, hotels, ground transportation.
* Daily agenda & briefings: ensure the COO’s daily agenda is updated and collaborate with internal teams to include comprehensive prep sheets and background information for all external meetings.
* Event & conference support: provide EMEA on-site support at in-person events and conferences, ensuring seamless logistical execution.
* Inbox management & correspondence triage the COO’s inbox send prioritize messages, and draft emails on the COO’s behalf to ensure timely, professional, and aligned responses.
* Stakeholder coordination: serve as the key liaison with internal and external stakeholders to support the COO schedules and regional priorities.
* Miscellaneous admin support: additional administrative support as needed by the COO.

**⭐️ What you need**

* You have 5+ years of experience as an administrative professional supporting a C-level executive, in a fast-paced, high-growth technology company.
* You are located in London and able to work in a hybrid model, coming into our London office as needed.
* You have proven experience with heavy calendar management and booking complex international travel.
* You build and maintain relationships externally with admins and executives.
* You are highly proficient in Google Workspace and can quickly master new tools.
* You possess exceptional organizational and time management skills, with an ability to prioritize effectively among competing demands.
* You are known for your meticulous attention to detail and accuracy.
* You have direct experience managing logistics for executives' media and event appearances.
* You are an outstanding communicator with experience coordinating effectively with globally-distributed teams.
* You are collaborative and self driven

**🍩 Benefits & perks (UK full-time employees):**

* Generous PTO, plus company holidays
* Comprehensive medical and dental insurance
* Paid parental leave for all parents (12 weeks)
* Fertility and family planning support
* Early-detection cancer testing [through Galleri](https://www.galleri.com/partner/writer)
* Competitive pension scheme and company contribution
* Annual work-life stipends for:

  + Wellness stipend for gym, massage/chiropractor, personal training, etc.
  + Learning and development stipend
* Company-wide off-sites and team off-sites
* Competitive compensation and company stock options
