---
title: Strategic account executive (West)
status: active
id: b4016bb5-bfc7-4e83-96f7-f054fdc4f587
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/writer/b4016bb5-bfc7-4e83-96f7-f054fdc4f587
lastmod: '2026-05-06T17:44:19.383+00:00'
date: '2026-05-06T17:44:19.383+00:00'
location: San Francisco, CA
departments:
- Direct sales
- Sales
offices:
- Denver, CO
- Los Angeles, CA
- Seattle, WA
compensation: $340K – $350K • Offers Equity • Offers Commission
---

**🚀 About WRITER**

WRITER is where the world's leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we're proving it's possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. With WRITER's end-to-end platform, hundreds of companies like Mars, Marriott, Uber, and Vanguard are building and deploying AI agents that are grounded in their company's data and fueled by WRITER's enterprise-grade LLMs. Valued at $1.9B and backed by industry-leading investors including Premji Invest, Radical Ventures, and ICONIQ Growth, WRITER is rapidly cementing its position as the leader in enterprise generative AI.

Founded in 2020 with office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, and London, our team thinks big and moves fast, and we're looking for smart, hardworking builders and scalers to join us on our journey to create a better future of work with AI.

**📐 About the role**

Join WRITER's sales team as an Strategic Account Executive and help shape the future of work. You'll empower global enterprises (8,000+ employees) to transform their operations through our cutting-edge AI agent platform, enabling organizations to deploy AI at scale and unlock unprecedented productivity.

This role is perfect for high performers who thrive in fast-paced, intellectually stimulating environments where you have the autonomy to drive results and build lasting relationships with both clients and teammates. If you're energized by meaningful work and the opportunity to make a real impact, we want to hear from you.

This role can be based remotely anywhere in the US, with opportunities for hybrid work at our office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Austin, Chicago, or London. You'll report to a regional vice president.

**🦸🏻‍♀️ What you'll do**

* Drive net-new revenue by managing the full sales cycle for WRITER’s enterprise AI agent platform
* Prospect, qualify, and develop new strategic opportunities in target verticals and target account lists
* Partner cross-functionally to refine value propositions and co-create tailored solutions for strategic clients
* Guide executive-level discussions and negotiations, ensuring alignment with customer business goals
* Own your book of business with a high degree of accountability and a bias for long-term impact
* Collaborate closely with product and customer success teams to ensure smooth deployments and ongoing value
* Consistently input accurate pipeline data to forecast and report sales progress to leadership
* Become a trusted product expert, educating users on how to set up WRITER to unlock value, going hands-on where needed

**⭐️ What you need**

* 5-8+ years of quota-carrying strategic SaaS sales experience, ideally in high-growth or complex value based sales motion
* Track record of meeting or exceeding annual quotas
* Skilled in outbound prospecting, consultative selling, and executive stakeholder management
* Strong communicator with the ability to connect across functions and listen actively to diverse perspectives
* Comfortable working with ambiguity and owning outcomes in a fast-paced, collaborative environment
* Strong executive level presentation skills

**🍩 Benefits & perks (US Full-time employees)**

* Generous PTO, plus company holidays
* Medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family
* Paid parental leave for all parents (16 weeks)
* Fertility and family planning support
* Early-detection cancer testing [through Galleri](https://www.galleri.com/partner/writer)
* Flexible spending account and dependent FSA options
* Health savings account for eligible plans with company contribution
* Annual work-life stipends for:

  + Wellness stipend for gym, massage/chiropractor, personal training, etc.
  + Learning and development stipend
* Company-wide off-sites and team off-sites
* Competitive compensation, company stock options and 401k

*WRITER is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to diversity. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Under the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.*

By submitting your application on the application page, you acknowledge and agree to [WRITER's Global Candidate Privacy Notice](https://writer.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/).
