---
title: Support engineer
status: active
id: d6940bfb-ecc0-49a7-8322-1e7de239eb33
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/writer/d6940bfb-ecc0-49a7-8322-1e7de239eb33
lastmod: '2026-05-20T13:04:40.381+00:00'
date: '2026-05-20T13:04:40.381+00:00'
location: New York City, NY
departments:
- Support
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
- Chicago, IL
- Austin, TX
- Seattle, WA
compensation: $112K – $167K • Offers Equity • Multiple Ranges
---

**🚀 About WRITER**

WRITER is where the world's leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we're proving it's possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. With WRITER's end-to-end platform, hundreds of companies like Mars, Marriott, Uber, and Vanguard are building and deploying AI agents that are grounded in their company's data and fueled by WRITER's enterprise-grade LLMs. Valued at $1.9B and backed by industry-leading investors including Premji Invest, Radical Ventures, and ICONIQ Growth, WRITER is rapidly cementing its position as the leader in enterprise generative AI.

Founded in 2020 with office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, and London, our team thinks big and moves fast, and we're looking for smart, hardworking builders and scalers to join us on our journey to create a better future of work with AI.

**📐 About the role**

At WRITER, our enterprise customers are building mission-critical AI applications that transform how their businesses operate. As a senior support engineer, your top priority is helping our developer personas and technical users succeed with our platform. You'll act as a leading voice for our enterprise support function, handling intricate customer issues directly while working in a complex and ambiguous environment to drive impactful value across our customers' businesses.

You'll collaborate closely with Customer Success, Education, Product, Engineering, and Sales to create great experiences and help customers get the most out of the platform. By leveraging an automation-first mindset, you'll scale our support operations and use our own AI tools to solve problems faster and more efficiently.

This role is available for hybrid work in our San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Chicago, and Austin hubs. and you will report directly to the manager of support engineering.

**🦸🏻‍♀️ What you'll do**

* Own the triage and resolution of complex customer production issues through Salesforce, email, Slack, and Zoom
* Guide technical end users directly by debugging and refining custom-built Python and no-code agents
* Serve as Tier 2 advanced support to monitor and tackle complex production issues through our monitoring alerts
* Drive technical investigations across our stack and escalate deeper technical issues to product and engineering teams
* Shape our product roadmap by gathering and sharing platform feedback and feature requests with product and design teams
* Build and maintain automated diagnostic tools and scripts to scale our support operations and reduce resolution times

**⭐️ What you need**

* Bring 5+ years of experience providing technical support for an enterprise B2B SaaS organization
* Demonstrate deep technical proficiency navigating cloud tech (AWS/GCP), Python, SDKs, SSO/SCIM, Jira, Grafana, and Datadog
* Possess strong skills in RESTful API debugging, integration, and usage to troubleshoot complex customer environments
* Enjoy working on-screen with customers to overcome product issues and Connect with them empathetically
* Communicate complex technical concepts clearly through excellent writing and communication skills
* Challenge the status quo by bringing experience with GenAI and LLMs (a huge bonus) and Own the resolution of every technical issue from start to finish

**🍩 Benefits & perks (US Full-time employees)**

* Generous PTO, plus company holidays
* Medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family
* Paid parental leave for all parents (16 weeks)
* Fertility and family planning support
* Early-detection cancer testing [through Galleri](https://www.galleri.com/partner/writer)
* Flexible spending account and dependent FSA options
* Health savings account for eligible plans with company contribution
* Annual work-life stipends for:

  + Wellness stipend for gym, massage/chiropractor, personal training, etc.
  + Learning and development stipend
* Company-wide off-sites and team off-sites
* Competitive compensation, company stock options and 401k

*WRITER is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to diversity. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Under the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.*

By submitting your application on the application page, you acknowledge and agree to [WRITER's Global Candidate Privacy Notice](https://writer.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/).
