---
title: Helix AI Engineer, Perception
status: active
id: '4007375006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4007375006
lastmod: '2026-06-09T14:32:28-04:00'
date: '2022-11-15T12:43:27-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- AI - Helix Team
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 03, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

Figure’s vision is to deploy autonomous humanoids at a global scale. Our Helix team is looking for Perception Engineers to empower Figure humanoid robots to perform highly dynamic operations in demanding real-world environments.

**Responsibilities:**

* Develop perception systems including onboard computer vision, localization, visuomotor policies, and offline data annotation.
* Own the end-to-end product life cycle from initial ideation to deployment.
* Deliver high-quality, reliable software solutions for real-world application.
* Collaborate cross-functionally to evolve and optimize our autonomy stack.

**Requirements:**

* Extensive experience in production-level software and ML engineering best practices.
* Strong mathematical foundation in probability, optimization, and linear algebra.
* Domain expertise in at least one of the following areas: 3D Vision, VIO / SLAM, Vision-Language Model (VLM), Diffusion Models.
* Proficiency with geometric computer vision concepts, including perspective transformation, the pinhole camera model, and epipolar geometry.
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment that demands exploration and creative problem-solving.
* Passion for advancing humanoid robotics.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with CUDA programming and real-time systems performance optimization.
* Familiarity with scalable data engineering toolchains like Spark and Ray.
* Strong publication record in a relevant field.
* Proven success in developing and deploying production-grade systems.

The US **base** salary range for this full-time position is between $200,000 - $350,000

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
