---
title: Electrical Engineer (All Levels)
status: active
id: '4313470006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4313470006
lastmod: '2026-01-23T14:47:38-05:00'
date: '2023-12-11T16:34:02-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Electrical
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA

We are looking for experienced Electrical Engineers to design and test critical hardware components of our Humanoid.

**Responsibilities:**

* Develop conceptual designs and conduct trade studies to support key design decisions
* Design and validate PCBAs for critical components of the Humanoid like compute boards, camera electronics, power distribution boards, battery management systems, sensing boards, or motor controllers
* Support the review of design artifacts (schematics, layouts, bill of materials…) from your peers or external suppliers
* Support system integration and test activities by contributing to test execution and debugging

**Requirements:**

* Bachelor or graduate degree in Electrical Engineering or related field
* 2+ years of industry experience
* Solid EE fundamentals with hands-on experience designing, building, and testing PCBAs
* Mastery of Altium in both schematics and layout
* Mastery of debugging HW issues. You know how to attack a problem, document, and come up with solutions quickly

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with Camera Electronics
* Designed high speed boards (PCIe Gen1-5, USB3/4, MIPI, GMSL, 10G Ethernet) with high current power supplies for compute modules
* Understanding of signal integrity issues and how to mitigate them
* Experience with very small boards (HDI, flex, rigid flex)
* Experience using LTspice and Python
* Embedded programming of DSPs, microcontrollers, and FPGAs

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
