---
title: Product Compliance Engineer
status: active
id: '4315521006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4315521006
lastmod: '2026-01-27T14:23:15-05:00'
date: '2023-12-18T17:31:48-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Safety
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing a general-purpose humanoid robot designed to address global labor shortages and assist in everyday life. Our humanoid is built to operate effectively in both industrial and home environments, leveraging advanced AI to learn, adapt, and interact naturally with the world around it. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

As the Product Compliance Engineer at Figure AI, you will play a pivotal role in developing the safety certification and compliance strategy for the Figure product line. You will drive end-to-end safety and regulatory compliance from early system design through certification and commercial launch. You will work cross‑functionally with mechanical, electrical, controls, software, manufacturing, and legal teams to ensure the robot is safe, certifiable, and ready for deployment in real‑world human environments.

**Responsibilities:**

* Own the end-to-end product safety certification and compliance strategy for shipping the humanoid robot and ecosystem products into the real world
* Navigate the various mandatory and analogous safety standards (UL, IEC, ISO, CE, FCC, etc.) and define the right certification roadmap for Figure
* Drive testing and certification efforts across all aspects of the product line serving as the primary interface to NRTLs, test labs, and certification bodies
* Apply industry-standard safety methodologies to ensure the integration of safety and certification considerations throughout the product development lifecycle, from design to deployment
* Lead hazard analysis activities such as HARA, FMEA and FTA
* Translate hazards into verifiable safety requirements across hardware, software, and controls
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to validate safety requirements in both development and mass production settings

**Requirements:**

* Minimum of Bachelor’s Degree in Robotics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related discipline.
* At least 5 years of experience in product safety engineering in robotics, consumer electronics, automotive, medical devices, industrial automation, or similar regulated hardware domains
* Familiarity with safety certifications and compliance in the field of humanoid robots, collaborative robots, ADAS systems, AMRs, or autonomous systems
* Strong working knowledge of product safety and functional safety standards
* Hands‑on experience leading UL / IEC / CE certification programs from design through approval
* Ability to work collaboratively across mechanical, electrical and software domains

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Proven ability to perform and lead hazard and risk analyses and convert results into engineering requirements
* Advanced Degree in Robotics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related discipline.
* Familiarity with inductive charging & battery safety certification

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
