---
title: Power Electronics Engineer, Charging
status: active
id: '4333397006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4333397006
lastmod: '2026-06-15T12:58:56-04:00'
date: '2024-02-12T17:56:49-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Electrical
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for an experienced Power Electronics Engineer to help us design and test critical hardware to power our Humanoid.

**Responsibilities:**

* Develop conceptual power architectures and conduct trade studies to support key design decisions
* Design and validate PCBAs for charging products, including both the power stages and the mixed-signal control boards
* Support design reviews (schematics, layouts, etc)
* Support system integration and hardware bring-up by contributing a hands-on, builder mentality to test execution and debugging

**Requirements:**

* Bachelor or graduate degree in Electrical Engineering or related field
* 4+ years of industry experience, you have designed and shipped multiple products to production
* Experience with grid-tied AC/DC (you must know how to design a PFC from scratch), DC/DC (Buck, Boost, Flyback, etc.), and resonant converters
* Hands-on experience designing mixed-signal circuits and control boards. You should deeply understand MCUs, their peripherals, and how to implement them in hardware
* Experience with high voltage applications, protection circuitry, and the common failure modes associated with power electronics designs
* Experience sizing and designing discrete power electronics (controllers, gate drivers, MOSFETs, inductors, XFRMs, caps, sensing, etc)
* Strong experience in EMI/EMC, filter design, and meeting safety/compliance standards
* Strong hardware debugging skills. You know how to attack a board or system level problem, document it, and fix it quickly

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with Wireless Power Transfer (WPT) topologies and charging architectures
* Experience with Altium
* Experience with PCB layout, designing for power converters, and layout-level EMC mitigations
* Experience simulating power electronic circuits
* Experience working with embedded control systems and/or digital power control

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
