---
title: 'Helix AI Engineer, Data Infrastructure '
status: active
id: '4345915006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4345915006
lastmod: '2026-07-13T14:11:33-04:00'
date: '2024-03-14T17:39:46-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- AI - Helix Team
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.  
  
Figure’s vision is to deploy autonomous humanoids at a global scale. Our Helix team is looking for an experienced Data Infrastructure Engineer, to take our AI data infrastructure to the next level. This role is focused on building tools and software components that offload, store, manipulate and provide access to robot data, managing on premise and cloud resources, and providing production support for this infrastructure. The ideal candidate has experience building tools and infrastructure for a large-scale autonomous / deep learning system.  
  
**Responsibilities**

* Design, build, and maintain tools and software components that offload, store, manipulate and provide access to robot data
* Architect and manage storage and compute resources across on-premise and cloud environments at a massive scale.
* Implement optimal data transmission and storage solutions for all stages of Figure’s data pipeline from recording to neural network training
* Work together with AI researchers to support new kinds of data workflows

**Requirements**

* Strong software engineering fundamentals
* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Robotics, Engineering, or a related field
* Minimum of 4 years of professional, full-time experience building reliable backend systems
* Experience with Linux and command line tools
* Experience with Python
* Experience using and managing data stores (Postgres, MySQL, ElasticSearch, Redis, etc.).

**Bonus Qualifications**

* Experience managing cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, GCP)
* Experience with job scheduling / orchestration tools (SLURM, Kubernetes, LSF, etc.)
* Experience with configuration management tools (Ansible, Terraform, Puppet, Chef, etc.)
* Experience building data annotation and dataset management tools.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $400,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
