---
title: 'Humanoid Robot Pilot '
status: active
id: '4369739006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4369739006
lastmod: '2026-07-15T13:42:36-04:00'
date: '2024-05-14T18:01:10-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Data Collection
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

As a Humanoid Robot Pilot, you'll have the unique opportunity to work directly with our learning humanoid robots and teach them new behaviors and skills. You will be at the forefront of our operations, collecting new data to train our AI systems and working with the AI team to refine behaviors over time.

This is a full-time 6 month **fixed-term** position, paid hourly. It's a strong entry point into robotics: high-performing Pilots have opportunities to grow into Senior Pilots and other lead positions as they become available.

**This role requires flexibility to work across varying shifts, including nights. Travel is also required and may vary in length, from short day trips to offsite stays of up to one month.**

**Responsibilities**:

* Wear teleoperation equipment and guide the robot through designated behaviors
* Upload collected data to our AI training system
* Proactively identify issues during collection and report feedback daily to Figure's AI team
* Maintain a safe environment for both yourself and the robot during teleoperation
* Follow proper equipment and robot maintenance procedures, including bring-up and shutdown

**Requirements**:

* Excellent physical coordination, spatial awareness, and focus
* Can stand 8+ hours a day
* Master new physical tasks quickly and find the optimal way to perform them
* Embrace constructive feedback and strive for constant improvement
* Thrive in a fast paced environment

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience working with robots or troubleshooting mechanical systems
* A passion for helping scale the deployment of learning humanoid robots

**This role begins as a 6 month fixed-term agreement**, with potential for longer-term opportunities depending on your contributions and interests. We’re looking for motivated people who want to support real-world robot development and grow with us.

The US base salary range for this full-time position starts at $32/hr .

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
