---
title: Manufacturing Engineer
status: active
id: '4375064006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4375064006
lastmod: '2026-01-08T18:05:32-05:00'
date: '2024-06-04T18:34:00-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for Manufacturing Engineer to design our build process for scaling our robot fleet.

**Responsibilities:**

* Set up the internal build line to manufacture module level and full robot system assemblies
* Analyze and optimize manufacturing processes to improve efficiency, quality, and cost-effectiveness
* Monitor production metrics and KPIs, identifying areas for improvement and implementing corrective actions
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure manufacturability and design for assembly principles are incorporated
* Qualify vendors for piece part and assembly level manufacturing
* Set up end of line design validation testing and in process QC checks
* Develop fixturing to support the assembly

**Requirements**:

* Experience in manufacturing engineering
* Expert knowledge of manual and automated assembly techniques
* Experience with Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES), including implementation, integration, and optimization
* Expert in 3D CAD software
* Specify and procure manufacturing equipment, tools, and fixtures required for production
* Ability to travel up to 40% of the time

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field
* CATIA V6 experience
* Robotics or other high tech industry experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $115,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
