---
title: Robot Service Technician (Morning Shift)
status: active
id: '4392728006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4392728006
lastmod: '2026-02-18T19:38:51-05:00'
date: '2024-08-08T13:54:49-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Internal Fleet Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a **Robot Service Technician** to compliment our superstar team. The role requires technical expertise and strong mechanical ability to troubleshoot and repair our humanoid robot fleet.

**SHIFT** - 6:30am to 3pm

**Responsibilities:**

* Perform routine maintenance and inspections of the humanoid robot fleet
* Proficient in troubleshooting mechanical, electrical and software-based issues
* Work closely with engineering, build, validation and fabrication teams to resolve issues quickly
* Maintain detailed and accurate records of all maintenance and repairs
* Develop tools and document diagnostic procedures for process improvement
* Occasional travel to customer or development partner sites
* Ability to follow assembly documentation
* Ability to work under short timelines when needed

**Requirements:**

* 3+ years experience working with complex systems
* Familiarity with computer based tools such as but not limited to CMD prompt, Google Suite, in house development GUI’s
* Familiarity with electrical hardware based diagnostic tools such as but not limited to Scope, Digital MultiMeter, Current Probes
* Familiarity with torque tools and mechanical assembly
* Ability to read PCB and Harness schematics
* Full system architecture diagnostic experience and organized diagnostic processes
* Ability to remove and replace mechanical components up to 50lbs
* Great attitude and excited to face challenges

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Catia or CAD based program experience
* Fabrication experience
* PCB Rework experience
* DAQ system implementation experience
* Small brushless motor experience
* Harmonic drive, clutches, torque/force sensor  knowledge
* Robotics experience
* Experience using Jira, Confluence, Slack
* IPC 610, 620 or J-Std-001

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $35 - $65/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
