---
title: Technical Recruiter
status: active
id: '4409868006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4409868006
lastmod: '2026-02-04T17:45:28-05:00'
date: '2024-10-09T16:00:20-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- People Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

The Technical Recruiter will be responsible for attracting top talent to tackle the complex challenges of developing general purpose humanoid robots. This role requires a commitment to excellence and the ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. The ideal candidate will focus on scaling the team intentionally, ensuring that we not only grow headcount but also find the right individuals who align with our core values of moving quickly and maintaining a mission-driven focus.

**Responsibilities:**

* Manage the end-to-end recruitment process, including sourcing, screening, and interviewing candidates for technical roles
* Build and maintain a diverse and robust candidate pipeline through direct sourcing, networking, and leveraging recruitment platforms
* Partner with hiring managers to understand the specific needs of each role and provide tailored recruitment strategies
* Track, analyze, and leverage key recruiting metrics to continuously optimize the recruitment process and meet hiring goals
* Ensure a positive candidate experience throughout all stages, reflecting Figure’s values and fostering long-term engagement
* Drive improvements to the technical interview process, ensuring timely communication and feedback between candidates and hiring teams
* Support seamless onboarding for new hires, collaborating with People and technical teams to ensure a smooth transition into the company

**Requirements:**

* Bachelor’s degree
* 5+ of experience recruiting for technical roles, with a focus on engineering, AI, and robotics in fast-growing tech startups
* Proven success in sourcing passive candidates and building a diverse talent pipeline through various methods
* Proficiency with recruitment tools and platforms (e.g., Greenhouse, LinkedIn Recruiter) to manage the recruiting process efficiently
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build relationships, provide strategic advice, and challenge hiring managers when needed

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Deep understanding of the technical landscape and the unique challenges in recruiting for AI, robotics, and engineering teams
* Passionate about fostering diversity and inclusion in the workplace, with a track record of promoting diverse hiring practices

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $200,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
