---
title: Mechanical Engineer - All Levels
status: active
id: '4410831006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4410831006
lastmod: '2026-07-16T17:47:38-04:00'
date: '2024-10-14T18:29:55-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for Mechanical Engineers to design, test, and implement key hardware components for our humanoid.

**Responsibilities:**

* Design parts in 3D CAD that satisfy load conditions, industrial design form factor, and durability requirements.
* Build prototypes to test assembly, range of motion, wire routing.
* Generate accurate 2D drawings using GD&T per ASME Y14.5.
* Work with our GSM team to pick a supplier and order parts.
* Inspect first articles, build test stands, and continuously support part on robot development platforms.

**Requirements:**

* 3+ years of experience in mechanical engineering
* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field
* Expert in using 3D CAD software to design parts with complex geometry
* Experience designing and building prototypes
* Experienced with simulation and analysis methodology (FEA, MATLAB etc.)
* Ability to write and maintain clean documentation for design processes.
* Experience with actuators, including strain-wave, planetary, or cycloidal
* Experience with electromechanical integration, such as sensors, motors, motor drivers, wire harnesses, and communication buses.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with high volume manufacturing processes.
* Experience working with contract manufacturers.
* CATIA V6 Experience
* Wire harness design experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
