---
title: Manufacturing Software Test Engineer
status: active
id: '4414646006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4414646006
lastmod: '2026-02-04T17:44:28-05:00'
date: '2024-10-29T11:09:13-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Manufacturing Software Test Engineer to write, troubleshoot, and maintain our end of line software for programming, calibrating, and verifying subassemblies.

**Responsibilities:**

* Implement improvements to our existing end of line automation software
* Use results from full subassembly validation campaigns to write automation tests for new hardware from scratch
* Spend time on the manufacturing line understanding and responding to key pain points, including troubleshooting failures, improving visibility and debuggability, and increasing test coverage to catch downstream issues
* Develop user-friendly GUI screens for production technicians to operate

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of industry experience.
* Strong proficiency in writing Python and C++ for interfacing with real hardware including actuators, sensors, relays, etc
* Experience with common embedded stacks: Debian Linux, Ethernet, USB, SPI, UART, SCPI
* Capable of reading and interpreting electronic circuit diagrams and integrating sensors and actuators
* Strong understanding of best practices in software engineering

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s or higher degree in Software, Mechanical, Electrical, or Controls Engineering
* Manufacturing software experience
* Previous work on mobile robots

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $130,000 and $300,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
