---
title: Senior Mechanical Engineer, Charging Systems
status: active
id: '4432449006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4432449006
lastmod: '2026-04-28T19:28:00-04:00'
date: '2025-01-08T20:00:18-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Senior Mechanical Engineer to design, test, and implement a charging system for our humanoid robot.

**Responsibilities:**

* Design parts in 3D CAD that satisfy load conditions, industrial design form factor, and durability requirements.
* Concept to production ownership of the mechanical and thermal components.
* Work with our electrical engineering team to ensure the electrical systems meet mechanical and reliability requirements.
* Work with our compliance team to ensure the design meets UL and other certification requirements
* Build prototypes to test assembly, wire routing, and performance.
* Generate accurate 2D drawings using GD&T per ASME Y14.5.

**Requirements:**

* 3+ years of experience in mechanical engineering
* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field
* Experience using 3D CAD software to design parts with complex geometry
* Experience designing and building prototypes
* Familiar with simulation and analysis methodology
* Ability to write and maintain clean documentation for your design process.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with power electronics, chargers, or other electromechanical assemblies.
* Experience with design for manufacturing and design for assembly principles.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $160,000 - $240,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended
