---
title: Security Engineer, Product and Device Security
status: active
id: '4555450006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4555450006
lastmod: '2026-06-29T19:53:04-04:00'
date: '2025-03-31T14:53:52-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Security & Privacy
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Security Engineer to join the Security & Privacy team at Figure, focusing on security of the robot as well as associated backend services. We are looking for excellent security engineers who have experience in breaking and building complex embedded/hardware systems, with experience in AI and complex distributed software systems.

### **Responsibilities**

* Conduct security assessments of embedded systems, hardware designs, and software integrations, as well as build tooling for a secure design/development lifecycle of complex hardware systems
* Design technical solutions to mitigate security risks and work with teams across the company to implement them
* Build frameworks and systems to protect from common attacks and reverse engineering for embedded systems
* Hunt for hardware security weaknesses insecure design patterns on our product stack
* Be a champion for security and user privacy

**Requirements**

* Experience in several of the following embedded system security domains: hardware reverse engineering, firmware security, security architecture & design, electrical engineering and design, micro-controller security, and cryptography.
* Strong electrical engineering (not scripting or automation) skills and ability to reverse engineer hardware interfaces, communication protocols, and embedded systems
* Solid foundation in software security, esp low level security (C/C++, compilers, etc.)
* Ability to collaborate with internal and external stakeholders whilst prioritizing tasks and work independently under minimal supervision.
* BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, or equivalent years of experience in a related technical field
* 3+ years of experience in the field of application/hardware security or related security role
* Passion for learning and helping others
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $350,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
