---
title: Senior Reliability Engineer - PCBA, Harness & Connectors
status: active
id: '4559520006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4559520006
lastmod: '2025-11-11T13:32:33-05:00'
date: '2025-04-14T15:59:52-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a Senior Reliability Engineer in charge of developing and executing reliability test plans for the printed circuit board assemblies (PCBAs), harnesses, and connectors to ensure they meet our humanoid robot product reliability targets. We need someone who can derive reliability targets and test specs with incomplete field usage knowledge, give data-driven recommendations to the design and manufacturing teams for what to improve, and advocate for design for reliability in the design phase.

Responsibilities:

* Work with cross-functional teams, own hardware reliability requirements and validation strategy.
* Develop and execute accelerated life tests for PCBAs, electronic components, electrical harness and connectors.
* Lead DFMEA efforts with design engineers to assess design risks, impacts, controls, and corrective actions.
* Design reliability test flows and procedures, communicate with internal and external/CM teams to execute tests and report results.
* Work with test engineers to design setup and fixtures used in reliability testing.
* Guide and support PCBA, harness, connector failure analysis, design of experiments (DOEs) and corrective action processes with cross-functional teams.
* Analyze field data, assess field risks, and design tests that correlate to field usage conditions.

Requirements:

* 5+ years of experience in relevant reliability engineering areas.
* Bachelor's degree or higher in relevant science and engineering fields.
* Strong knowledge of environmental reliability test principles, models, and methodologies, such as high temperature high humidity, thermal cycle/shock, mechanical vibration/shock.
* Strong knowledge of industry test standards such as AECQ, JEDEC, IPC standards.
* Strong knowledge of electrical circuits, PCBA design and relevant SW tools (e.g. Altium).
* Strong knowledge of PCBA, harness and connector failure modes, mechanisms, and FA techniques.
* Hands-on experience on field reliability risk analysis and failure prediction methods.
* Hands-on experience with Weibull++, JMP, or other reliability statistical analysis software.
* Hands-on experience on electronic circuit debug and relevant tools, e.g. source meter, oscilloscope.
* Hands-on experience with 3D CAD tool (e.g. CATIA).

Bonus Qualifications:

* Experience of shipping reliable robotics, consumer or automotive products.
* Knowledge of PCBA, harness and connector manufacturing processes and quality control practices.
* Hands-on experience of CATIA V6 CAD.
* Hands-on experience of finite element analysis (FEA) SW, e.g. Ansys.
* Hands-on experience of FA tools & techniques such as SEM/EDS, CT-Xray, Cross-section, FTIR.
* Hands-on experience of accelerometers, load cells, strain gauges and relevant setup and data acquisition techniques.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $225,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
