---
title: Manufacturing Electrical Test Engineer
status: active
id: '4573670006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4573670006
lastmod: '2026-02-04T17:44:14-05:00'
date: '2025-06-04T19:20:10-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for an experienced Manufacturing Electrical Test Engineer to design End of Line (EOL) testers for our Humanoid production line.

**Responsibilities:**

* Design and validate EOL testers for various systems of the Humanoid like computing, cameras, power distribution, batteries, sensors, radio devices, and actuators.
* Support the review of design artifacts (drawings, schematics, layouts, bill of materials, etc.) from your peers or external suppliers.
* Support EOL system integration and test activities by contributing to test execution and debugging.
* Specify and procure manufacturing equipment, tools, and fixtures required for EOL testers.

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of industry experience.
* Experience with a variety of EOL test station support equipment (PLCs, power supplies, E-loads, DAQs, sensors, pogo-pins, etc.)
* Solid EE fundamentals.
* Ability to design interface and support PCBAs for EOL stations.
* Experience with AC power distribution for test equipment (Single phase / Three phase, 120VAC - 480VAC, etc.)
* Experience with different communication topologies and protocols (CAN, Ethernet, RS-485, etc.)
* Experience with automation tools, programming languages (i.e. Python), and frameworks for EOL testers.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Bachelor's or graduate degree in Electrical Engineering or related field.
* Experience with Altium.
* CAD experience (EPLAN, SolidWorks Electrical, CATIA, etc.)
* Embedded programming of DSPs, microcontrollers, and FPGAs.
* Robotics or other high tech industry experience.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $130,000 and $300,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
