---
title: Helix Data Creator
status: active
id: '4585080006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4585080006
lastmod: '2026-03-19T16:28:32-04:00'
date: '2025-08-06T16:51:45-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Data Collection
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We’re hiring **Helix Data Creators** to support our humanoid robot development efforts. This role begins as a hands-on, full-time one-month contract as a Data Creator, where you’ll wear sensors provided by Figure to guide and collect motion data that trains our robots.

It’s a great opportunity for anyone excited to get into robotics and grow from within. Depending on your performance, skills, and interests, you may grow into longer-term roles like Robot Operator, Pilot Support, or even a full Humanoid Pilot role.

**Shift: 2:00 PM – 10:30 PM (Monday to Friday)**

**Responsibilities:**

* Wear sensor equipment to guide the robot through human-like motions
* Collect high-quality motion data used to train AI models
* Flag any issues or bugs during collection and share daily feedback with the team
* Follow proper equipment and robot maintenance procedures, including setup and shutdown
* Maintain a safe and organized workspace during all operations

**Requirements:**

* Excellent physical coordination, spatial awareness, and focus
* Stay on your feet for 8+ hours a day and be engaged for extended periods during data collection
* Master new physical tasks quickly and find the optimal way to perform them
* Embrace constructive feedback and strive for constant improvement
* Thrive in a fast paced environment

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience working with robots or troubleshooting mechanical systems
* A passion for helping scale the deployment of learning humanoid robots

**This is a one-month contract-to-hire position**, with potential for longer-term opportunities depending on your contributions and interests. We’re looking for motivated people who want to support real-world robot development—and grow with us.

The US base salary range for this full-time position starts at $30/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
