---
title: Quality Engineering Technician, BotQ
status: active
id: '4587570006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4587570006
lastmod: '2026-04-07T18:06:43-04:00'
date: '2025-07-24T18:53:27-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

The Quality Technician will verify that incoming and in-process material meets Figure AI drawings and specifications. They will be responsible for the inspection of material and the coordination of MRB activities, including data input, reporting, and logistics associated with material dispositions. This person will also administer the calibration system, ensuring that measuring and test equipment is within its calibration due date. The Quality Technician will work closely with Quality Engineering to provide reports, charts, graphs, etc., to monitor and improve product quality. The successful candidate must have the ability to meet tight deadlines, possess strong interpersonal and communication skills, be detail-oriented, and be able to work independently. The candidate must establish and maintain a professional working relationship with line supervisors, operators, and other shop floor stakeholders.

**Responsibilities:**

* Inspection/verification of in-process Figure AI-built material
* Manage nonconforming material through the MRB process to ensure that nonconforming material is identified, appropriately dispositioned, tracked, and reported
* Take the lead on initiating containment activities for production quality issues
* Conduct root cause investigation and resolution of daily production and scrap material quality issues
* Provide data input and output reports to assist in quality improvement activities
* Coordinate calibration activities for go/no-go gauges and other quality tools used in the production process
* Provide mechanical measurement support to identify or solve potential material issues for production parts
* Actively support getting parts measured for FAI purposes

**Requirements:**

* 3–5 years of experience in a Manufacturing Quality Control environment
* Knowledge of ISO 9001:2000 or TS16949 is a plus
* Ability to read and interpret basic mechanical drawings
* Able to use basic measurement tools such as pin gauges, bore gauges, calipers, and micrometers
* Proficient in Microsoft Office or Google Suite
* Must have command of the English language, both written and verbal

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $35 - $55/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
