---
title: Middleware Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4609306006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4609306006
lastmod: '2025-11-11T13:32:33-05:00'
date: '2025-10-13T13:02:18-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Platform Software
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for solid, experienced C++ developers to help us build out the core software platform that will allow our robot to reach its full potential!

**Responsibilities:**

* Architect, design, implement and test C++ middleware that will run on our robot and provide system wide functionality to specialized controls and autonomy software.
* Develop Python tooling and interfaces.
* Help us ensure that our software ecosystem is stable, scalable and well tested in CI.

**Requirements:**

* Bachelor or Master degree in Computer Science or related field.
* At least 5 years of experience writing production C++.
* Mastery of C++, Python and Linux.
* Understanding of how to create testable software systems.
* Good knowledge of computer architecture.
* Understanding of Linux userspace and kernel environments.
* Proficiency with networking protocols.
* Comfortable using debuggers and performance profiling tooling.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience working on systems with timing constraints.
* Experience working in resource constrained environments like microcontrollers.
* Knowledge of communication buses and protocols like Ethercat, Serial, CAN or USB.
