---
title: Remanufacturing Technician (Swing Shift)
status: active
id: '4609779006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4609779006
lastmod: '2026-05-13T16:55:38-04:00'
date: '2025-12-01T16:43:46-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company producing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate or in-home tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.  We are looking for a **Manufacturing Repair Technician** to compliment our superstar team building and improving the product of the future.

The shift will be from **12 pm - 10:30 pm PST.**

**Responsibilities**:

* Repairing full robots and smaller sub-assemblies for F.03 high volume manufacturing
* Diagnosing electrical, mechanical, and software issues.
* Document issues found, steps taken, and root cause of all repairs.
* Validating and improving repair procedures for repeat issues and future remanufacturing of failed in field robots and sub-assemblies
* Supporting any immediate need to keep manufacturing moving at a high rate

**Requirements**:

* 3+ years experience working with complex systems
* Familiarity with computer based tools such as but not limited to Google Suite, Confluence, Jira, and an interest to learn command prompt and product specific software
* Comfortable using a Digital Multi Meter
* Familiarity with torque tools and mechanical assembly
* Ability to follow assembly documentation
* Ability to build with little to no documentation with engineering support
* Complex system diagnostic ability
* Great attitude and excited to face challenges

**Bonus Qualifications**:

* Manufacturing experience
* Computer based design experience
* Automotive experience
* Fabrication experience
* Soldering experience
* Small brushless motor experience
* Robotics experience  

  The US base pay range for this full-time position is between $35 - $55 per hour.

  The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
