---
title: Systems Integration Engineer - Hand Subsystem
status: active
id: '4612612006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4612612006
lastmod: '2025-11-11T13:32:33-05:00'
date: '2025-10-23T13:59:39-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Systems Integration & Test
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are seeking a Systems Integration Engineer - Hand Subsystem on the Actuation/Hand Integration team to integrate the dexterous hand subsystem into the full humanoid robot. This role will work closely with mechanical, electrical, controls and software teams to deliver robust, high‑performance hand solutions and ensure that every robot hand is ready for deployment.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* **Integrate multi‑DOF robotic hands with the humanoid control stack.** Plan and execute behaviors to validate motion, sensing and control at the system level
* **Own calibration strategies and end‑of‑line bring-up.** Create and implement design‑validation and production‑scale test plans for hand subsystems, document results and ensure that each hand meets quality and reliability standards
* **Incorporate sensor and feedback systems.** Integrate position, torque and tactile sensors into real‑time control;
* **Develop real-time diagnostic algorithms to enable fall-back strategies.**
* **Debug and analyze performance.** Perform hands‑on debugging of mechanical, electrical and software integration issues; use diagnostic tools to identify root causes and drive corrective actions
* **Tune controllers and characterize performance.** Collaborate with controls engineers to synthesize and tune high‑bandwidth controllers for hand actuators; conduct system identification and data analysis to characterize actuation performance
* **Collaborate across disciplines.** Work with design, firmware, software and AI teams to integrate algorithms, embedded systems and behaviors.
* **Design Validation Test Plans:**Specify test plans for validation.
* **Bring up prototypes and first articles**
* **Develop automation and tooling.** Build scripts, dashboards and automated test rigs to streamline repetitive testing, data collection and diagnostics

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of hands‑on experience working on **robotic or electromechanical systems** with a focus on actuation, manipulation or integration;
* Proficiency in **C++ and Python** for embedded development and diagnostics
* Proven experience integrating **sensors,** and **control tuning** of motion systems
* Strong understanding of **mechanics, kinematics, controls, dynamics and sensor technologies**
* Familiarity with **Linux**‑based development environments
* Skilled with **lab equipment** for validation and software debugging.
* Resilient and effective in fast-paced, challenging environments.
* **Bachelor’s or Master’s degree** in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical/Controls Engineering, Robotics or a related field

Bonus Qualifications:

* Prior work on **robotic hands actuation systems or multi DOF systems.**
* Working knowledge of communication buses and protocols like Ethernet, Ethercat, Serial, SPI and I2C.
* Proficiency with Matlab/Simulink
* Expertise in CAD to collaborate with design teams

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 and $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
