---
title: Safety Systems Architect
status: active
id: '4618906006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4618906006
lastmod: '2026-01-15T16:41:47-05:00'
date: '2025-11-17T21:50:31-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Safety
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing a **general-purpose humanoid robot** designed to address global labor shortages and assist in everyday life. Our humanoid is built to operate effectively in both **industrial and home environments**, leveraging advanced AI to **learn, adapt, and interact** naturally with the world around it.

We are seeking a Systems Architect to own the active on-board safety solutions for our humanoid robot. The candidate must be highly technical, carry an extreme ownership mindset at all times, and have an aptitude for balancing systems level thinking with fine grained detail. You will be responsible for ensuring our robot always maintains safety around living things and can seamlessly integrate into environments that have no external safety systems (e.g. the home). This is not a powerpoint job and there is no textbook solution for our product: this role is hands-on and critical path to shipping our product at scale.

**Responsibilities**

* Fully understand what is needed to safely ship a humanoid robot at scale by working cross-functionally across commercial, engineering, and product
* Define the architecture for the on-board safety of our humanoid robot
* Drive the architecture from design to implementation across mechanical, electrical, AI, firmware, and software teams, owning decisions at every step of the way
* Champion validation and failure analysis of the safety system through a combination of analytics, simulation and real world testing
* Define and measure progress towards your comprehensive safety solution

**Requirements**

* 10+ years experience delivering complex technical features for robotics/autonomous systems
* Strong understanding of fault tolerance and behavioral responses
* Excellent communication skills including ability to distill complex ideas/issues into digestible concepts
* Experience with C++, Python, and linux based embedded systems
* Degree in Electrical, Computer, Mechanical, Mechatronics, or Controls engineering

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $280,000 - $350,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
