---
title: Software Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '4618234006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4618234006
lastmod: '2026-07-02T12:06:36-04:00'
date: '2025-11-13T17:55:18-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Systems Integration & Test
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We’re looking for a **Software Integration Engineer** to join our **Systems Integration Team** — the bridge between AI, Controls, Firmware, and Hardware. The team ensures that all components work cohesively toward a unified, high-performing robotic system.

This is a fast-paced, high-impact role focused on execution and iteration. You’ll own core software features end-to-end on our robotic stack, driving them from concept all the way through to delivery. You’ll blend software development, system-level problem solving, and cross-functional collaboration to ensure the robot platform is stable, reliable, and ready for rapid AI development and evaluation.

The ideal candidate is a **multi-talented, hands-on engineer** who thrives in ambiguity, learns quickly, and takes ownership of problems end-to-end. You’ll operate with a first-principles mindset, constantly finding ways to move the system forward and improve reliability, scalability, and performance across the fleet.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Become the go to expert for our robot through hands-on testing and issue triage.
* Collaborating with Platform Software, AI, Controls, and Manufacturing teams to resolve software and system bugs and drive architectural improvements that reduce pain points.
* Lead and own test plan definition for new software and firmware features.
* Collaborate with developers and manufacturing to improve firmware, diagnostics, and self-tests, using EoL data to speed up robot bring-up.
* Validate software before its released to our internal manufacturing and service teams; assist teams with bring-up and troubleshooting.
* Partner with the Test Infrastructure team to add high-signal automated tests and diagnostics that catch regressions early, improve system reliability.

**Requirements:**

* Strong ability to debug complex hardware/software systems and identify targeted tests that accelerate regression isolation and root-cause analysis.
* Programming experience in C++ and Python.
* Experience integrating and validating complex software systems in robotics, mechatronic, or electric vehicle environments.
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mechatronics, Robotics, or related field
* Self-sufficient with strong ownership mindset; able to manage multiple high-impact priorities

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $130,000 and $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
