---
title: Security Engineer, Application Security
status: active
id: '4620050006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4620050006
lastmod: '2026-06-21T19:33:08-04:00'
date: '2025-11-20T16:03:48-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Security & Privacy
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Security Engineer to join the Security & Privacy team at Figure, focusing on security of the robot as well as associated backend services. We are looking for excellent security engineers who have experience in breaking and building complex software systems, with experience in AI and embedded systems.

### **Responsibilities**

* Conduct security assessments of applications, embedded systems, back-end services, and business integrations, as well as build tooling for a secure development lifecycle
* Design technical solutions to mitigate security weaknesses on the robot and our service stack. Work with teams across the company to implement them.
* Build frameworks and systems to prevent classes of vulnerabilities
* Hunt for vulnerabilities and insecure coding patterns on our product stack (backend services and robot internal systems)
* Be a champion for security and user privacy

**Requirements**

* Experience in several of the following application security domains: penetration testing, vulnerability research, security assessment, secure coding practices, security architecture & design, hardware security
* Strong software engineering (not scripting or automation) skills in C/C++, Rust, Golang, Python or similar
* Experience with securing embedded systems, including secure boot, secure identity, OTA, or others
* Solid foundation in web security, mobile security, or cryptography
* Ability to collaborate with internal and external stakeholders whilst prioritizing tasks and work independently under minimal supervision.
* BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or equivalent years of experience in a related technical field
* 3+ years of experience in the field of application security or related security role
* Passion for learning and helping others
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $350,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
