---
title: Supplier Quality Engineer (Asia)
status: active
id: '4626809006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4626809006
lastmod: '2026-07-08T19:58:18-04:00'
date: '2025-12-17T18:17:20-05:00'
location: Asia
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe.

We are looking for a Supplier Quality Engineer to manage supplier quality based in Asia.

**Responsibilities:**

* Evaluate and qualify new suppliers, develop and implement quality plans for suppliers
* Monitor supplier performance metrics and drive improvement initiatives to meet or exceed quality targets.
* Review and verify quality inspection reports, including FAI report, outgoing QC report, in process quality, etc.
* Perform in person quality audit
* Review and feedback on vendor DFM and inspection plans
* Work with suppliers to resolve quality issues, perform root cause analysis, and implement corrective actions.
* Monitor supplier performance metrics and drive improvement
* Work with HQ to effectively and accurately communicate quality issues between Figure and the suppliers

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of similar experiences in a manufacturing environment
* Being able to speak and write English fluently
* Being able to speak and write Mandarin Chinese fluently
* Able to read and interpret engineering drawings and CAD models
* Expert on GD&T ASME Y14.5-2009 or ASME Y14.5-2018
* Expert on Sampling Plan C=0, and ASQ Z1.4/MIL-STD-105
* Proficiency with common inspection tools, including Digital Height Gage, caliper, micrometer, thread gages, etc.
* Attention to detail: capable of maintaining precision in a fast-paced environment
* Knowledge with parts including injection molding, die casting, stamping
* Strong communication skills: good verbal and written communications skills with analytics and numeracy
* Ability to travel up to 50% of the time
* Being able to speak and write Mandarin Chinese fluently

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Certifications such as ASQ CQE, CQM, CRE, CQA.
* Robotics or other high tech industry experience
* Understanding of manufacturing processes, quality systems, and industrial engineering principles
* Knowledge with parts including PCBA, cables, wire harness assemblies, textiles

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
