---
title: Systems Integration Engineer - Actuation Systems
status: active
id: '4626247006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4626247006
lastmod: '2025-12-16T13:46:35-05:00'
date: '2025-12-16T13:46:35-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Systems Integration & Test
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are seeking a Systems Integration Engineer focused on actuators to join the Actuation team. This role works closely with mechanical, electrical, controls, and software teams across design and manufacturing to deliver robust, high-performance actuation systems for the humanoid robot.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Collaborate on the system-level deployment of actuators within the humanoid robot, including interfaces, behavior, and performance at the robot level.
* **Collaborate on calibration strategies and end-of-line bring-up.** Define and execute design-validation and production-scale test plans for actuation subsystems, document results, and ensure quality and reliability targets are met.
* **Incorporate sensing and feedback systems,** including position and torque, into real-time control architectures.
* **Develop real-time diagnostic algorithms to enable fall-back strategies.**
* **Debug and analyze performance.** Perform hands‑on debugging of mechanical, electrical and software integration issues; use diagnostic tools to identify root causes and drive corrective actions
* **Tune controllers and characterize performance.** Collaborate with controls engineers to synthesize and tune high‑bandwidth controllers; conduct system identification and data analysis to characterize actuation performance
* **Design Validation Test Plans:**Specify test plans for validation.
* **Bring up prototypes and first articles.**
* **Develop automation and tooling.** Build scripts, dashboards and automated test rigs to streamline repetitive testing, data collection and diagnostics

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of hands‑on experience working on **robotic or electromechanical systems** with a focus on actuation, manipulation or integration;
* Proficiency in **Matlab and Python** for testing infrastructure, data analysis and control engineering.
* Proven experience integrating **sensors,** and **control tuning** of motion systems
* Strong understanding of **mechanics, kinematics, controls, dynamics and sensor technologies**
* Familiarity with **Linux**‑based development environments and capability to read C++.
* Proficiency with lab equipment for validation, instrumentation, and system-level debugging.
* Resilient and effective in fast-paced, challenging environments.
* **Bachelor’s or Master’s degree** in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical/Controls Engineering, Robotics or a related field

Bonus Qualifications:

* Prior work on **high performance electro-actuation systems in multi DOF systems, deployed at large scale.**
* Proficiency in C++
* Working knowledge of communication buses and protocols like Ethernet, Ethercat, Serial, SPI and I2C.
* Numerical and first-principles modeling capabilities for actuators.
* Expertise in CAD to collaborate with design teams.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 and $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
