---
title: Quality Engineer, Metrology
status: active
id: '4626806006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4626806006
lastmod: '2026-06-30T18:05:32-04:00'
date: '2025-12-17T18:12:25-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Quality Engineer to work in our manufacturing facility helping to manage the Incoming Quality Lab.

**Responsibilities:**

* Manage Incoming Quality Lab, manage QC workload, priority and make sure all equipments are in good operation oder
* Develop Quality Control Plan and Quality Work Instructions Lead and supervise QC inspectors to perform dimensional, visual and functional verifications
* Lead MRB meetings, manage MRB processes, collaborate with associated parties to resolve issues related
* Perform dimensional, visual, functional verification and other inspections per QC plan or Work Instructions
* Review and Approve First Article Inspection Report
* Initiate Non-conformance Report and Oversee Open Quality Tracker
* Keep the QC area in clean and organized conditions
* Support other QC related activities

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of similar experiences in a manufacturing environment
* Able to read and interpret engineering drawings and CAD models
* Expert on GD&T ASME Y14.5-2009 or ASME Y14.5-2018
* Expert on Sampling Plan C=0, and ASQ Z1.4/MIL-STD-105
* Proficiency with common inspection tools, including Digital Height Gage, caliper, micrometer, thread gages, etc.
* Attention to detail: capable of maintaining precision in a fast-paced environment
* Strong communication skills: good verbal and written communications skills with analytics and numeracy

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Proficiency with CMM, OMM
* Certifications such as ASQ CQE, CQM, CRE, CQA.
* Robotics or other high tech industry experience
* Understanding of manufacturing processes, quality systems, and industrial engineering principles

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 – $225,000 base salary annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
