---
title: Lead NPI Engineer
status: active
id: '4627386006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4627386006
lastmod: '2026-06-02T19:54:42-04:00'
date: '2025-12-18T19:53:59-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are seeking a **New Product Introduction (NPI) Engineer** to oversee and drive the successful execution of prototype and pilot production builds. This role requires a strong leader who can coordinate cross-functional teams, manage materials and resources, maintain schedules, and ensure a smooth production process from start to finish. The ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced environment and has a hands-on approach to problem-solving.

**Responsibilities:**

* **Manage the MBOM (Manufacturing Bill of Materials):** Ensure accuracy, completeness, and availability of all components needed for the build.
* **Change Management:** Perform or coordinate change impact analysis, track implementation of ECNs and design changes.
* **Oversee Prototype Builds:** Track and coordinate the arrival of all required materials, consumables, and staffing resources necessary for the build. Act as primary DRI for coordinating all build activities.
* **Develop & Maintain Build Schedule:** Create and enforce timelines, ensuring alignment with production goals and deadlines.
* **Record & Track Issues:** Maintain detailed documentation of all issues encountered during the build, from component failures to process inefficiencies.
* **Drive Issue Resolution:** Ensure all Directly Responsible Individuals (DRIs) address and resolve issues in a timely manner, pushing for root cause analysis and corrective actions.

**Requirements:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
* 6+ years of experience in NPI, manufacturing, or project management.
* Strong understanding of manufacturing processes, BOM management, and supply chain logistics.
* Understanding of PLM/ERP/MRP systems, scheduling tools, and data analysis.
* Strong communication and leadership skills with the ability to drive accountability.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $135,000 - $225,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
