---
title: Humanoid Robot Operator (Night Shift)
status: active
id: '4644962006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4644962006
lastmod: '2026-07-20T11:55:51-04:00'
date: '2026-01-14T17:04:28-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Internal Fleet Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

This is a contract-to-hire position with the goal of transitioning to full-time employment.

As a Humanoid Robot Operator, you'll have the unique opportunity to work directly with our humanoid robots to test and validate new behaviors and skills.

You will be at the forefront of our operations, deploying the robots for real commercial use cases, identifying issues, and properly filing JIRA tickets to relay failures to the appropriate teams.

**SHIFT** — 10:30 PM - 7:00 AM

Responsibilities:

* Be responsible for the humanoid robot operating successfully for the Customer use case
* Run the robot constantly throughout the day/midevening, identifying bugs and problems
* Track, document, and escalate issues to the appropriate engineering teams using Jira.
* Ensure work areas meet organizational cleanliness and organization standards.
* Adhere to all safety procedures related to robot operation and teleoperation equipment.
* Follow proper equipment and robot maintenance procedures, including bring-up and shutdown.

Requirements:

* Willingness to own the operations of the humanoid and drive proper functioning of the robot
* Excellent communication skills.
* Demonstrate sustained focus and attention while performing assigned tasks.
* Experience working with robots or troubleshooting mechanical systems.
* Can stand 8+ hours a day and physically manage humanoid hardware
* Embrace constructive feedback and strive for constant improvement.
* Thrive in a fast paced environment.
* 5 day workweek with a mandatory weekend shift and  2 days off

Physical Requirements:

* Lifting & Handling: Must be able to safely lift, carry, and maneuver equipment or humanoid hardware weighing up to 50 lbs independently.
* Sustained Mobility: Ability to stand and move throughout the work area for the entirety of an 8+ hour shift (excluding meal/rest breaks).
* Manual Effort: Capacity for frequent bending, reaching, stooping, and fine motor manipulation of robot hardware.

Bonus Qualifications:

* A passion for helping scale the deployment of learning humanoid robots.
* Excellent physical coordination, spatial awareness, and focus.
* Master new physical tasks quickly and find the optimal way to perform them.

There will be a  2–3 week training process at company headquarters. Training takes place Monday through Friday from 7:30 AM–4:00 PM.

The US base hourly rate for this full-time position is $32/hr .

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
