---
title: Commercial Launch Technician
status: active
id: '4651747006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4651747006
lastmod: '2026-03-17T12:09:24-04:00'
date: '2026-02-05T13:30:18-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Commercial Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets.

We are looking for a **Commercial Launch Service Technician** to compliment our superstar team. The role requires technical expertise and strong mechanical ability to troubleshoot and repair our humanoid robot fleet. This role is unique, you will be on the front line during new site deployments, ensuring that both the robots and their supporting hardware are operational and optimized for customer-site.

**Responsibilities:**

* Responsible for the physical setup of humanoid robots and necessary site infrastructure at new commercial or residential locations.
* Perform routine maintenance and inspections of the humanoid robot fleet
* Proficient in troubleshooting mechanical, electrical and software-based issues
* Work closely with engineering, build, validation and fabrication teams to resolve issues quickly
* Verify use-case stability on-site and provide direct, actionable feedback to the Development teams to drive product improvements.
* Maintain detailed and accurate records of all maintenance and repairs
* Develop tools and document diagnostic procedures for process improvement
* Heavy travel to customer or development partner sites, up to 75%
* Ability to follow assembly documentation
* Ability to work under short timelines when needed

**Requirements:**

* 3+ years experience working with complex systems
* Familiarity with computer based tools such as but not limited to CMD prompt, Google Suite, in house development GUI’s
* Familiarity with electrical hardware based diagnostic tools such as but not limited to Scope, Digital MultiMeter, Current Probes
* Familiarity with torque tools and mechanical assembly
* Ability to read PCB and Harness schematics
* Full system architecture diagnostic experience and organized diagnostic processes
* Ability to remove and replace mechanical components up to 50lbs
* Great attitude and excited to face challenges
* Valid Driver's License and clean driving record

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Catia or CAD based program experience
* Fabrication experience
* PCB Rework experience
* DAQ system implementation experience
* Small brushless motor experience
* Harmonic drive, clutches, torque/force sensor  knowledge
* Robotics experience
* Experience using Jira, Confluence, Slack
* IPC 610, 620 or J-Std-001

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $35 - $65/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
