---
title: Senior Quality Engineer, BotQ
status: active
id: '4652384006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4652384006
lastmod: '2026-02-23T00:49:06-05:00'
date: '2026-02-06T20:05:43-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Senior Quality Engineer to define an internal quality plan to help improve our yield rate in manufacturing robots.

### **Key Responsibilities**

* Design and execute comprehensive Quality Plans for complex electro mechanical assemblies.
* Lead deep-dive technical investigations into manufacturing deviations and field failures using methodologies such as 8D, 5-Why, and Fishbone analysis.
* Collaborate with external vendors to ensure components meet strict dimensional and material specifications; conduct on-site audits and process sign-offs.
* Utilize statistical process control (SPC) and data analytics to monitor production health and drive yield improvements.
* Act as the quality voice during New Product Introductions (NPI), influencing design for manufacturability (DFM) and ensuring successful SOP (Start of Production).
* Author and maintain DFMEA and PFMEA documentation to proactively address risks in assembly and design.

### **Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or a related technical field.
* 4+ years of experience in a high-volume manufacturing environment (Consumer electronics, Automotive or similar).
* Strong understanding of GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing) and the ability to interpret complex technical drawings.
* Expertise in statistical software (e.g., JMP, Minitab) and data visualization tools.
* Proven track record of resolving complex electromechanical issues under tight deadlines.

### **Preferred Skills**

* Experience with battery or drivetrain components.
* Six Sigma Green Belt or Black Belt certification.
* Hands-on experience with automated inspection systems (CMM, Vision Systems)
* Knowledge of ISO 9001 or IATF 16949 standards.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $145,000 – $200,000 base salary annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
