---
title: Product Architect, Data Collection Devices
status: active
id: '4653803006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4653803006
lastmod: '2026-02-19T19:00:20-05:00'
date: '2026-02-11T23:43:40-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing a **general-purpose humanoid robot** designed to address global labor shortages and assist in everyday life. Our humanoid is built to operate effectively in both **industrial and home environments**, leveraging advanced AI to **learn, adapt, and interact** naturally with the world around it.

We are seeking a Product Architect to own our custom data collection devices at Figure. You will be responsible for designing the products that enable all of our AI policy advancement. You must be highly technical, carry an extreme ownership mindset at all times, and have an aptitude for balancing systems level thinking with fine grained detail.

**Responsibilities**

* Own the product design for data collection devices at Figure
* Fully understand what is needed from data collection devices to train our AI models
* Work cross-functionally to design, develop, ship, and maintain these devices
* Work daily with AI developers on prototypes and concepts to push state-of-the-art
* Work with our GSM team to select a suppliers and order parts

**Requirements**

* 8+ years experience in design for consumer electronics (or similar)
* Expert in using 3D CAD software to design parts with complex geometry
* Experience designing and building prototypes
* Aptitude towards technical leadership, including maintaining a clear vision, guiding teams, and problem solving across groups
* Excellent communication skills including ability to distill complex ideas/issues into digestible concepts
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field

**Bonus Requirements**

* Experience with high volume manufacturing processes
* Experience working with contract manufacturers

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
