---
title: Senior Firmware Engineer
status: active
id: '4654891006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4654891006
lastmod: '2026-02-17T14:09:45-05:00'
date: '2026-02-16T21:33:22-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Platform Software
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Firmware Engineer to design, implement and test firmware for critical components of our Humanoid. 

**Responsibilities:**

* Architect, design, implement and test firmware in C or C++ for critical components such as motor controllers, battery management systems and sensing hardware
* Define a strategy to facilitate reuse of the code base and tools used to develop firmware on different hardware platforms
* Develop Python tools to support test automation or hardware calibration
* Contribute to the development of our Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) infrastructure
* Support hardware/software integration in the lab

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of engineering experience
* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field
* Mastery of C, C++, Python and Linux
* Experience implementing low level software on bare-metal systems and RTOS
* Good knowledge of computer architecture
* Deep understanding of communication buses and protocols like Ethernet, Ethercat, Serial, CAN or USB
* Comfortable using lab instruments (Oscilloscopes, logic analyzers…) and debugging tools (Lauterbach…)

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with motor controllers or battery management systems
* Experience implementing CI/CD infrastructures
* Familiar with Agile and Test driven development

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $160,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
