---
title: Reliability Test Engineer, Hardware (All Levels)
status: active
id: '4655255006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4655255006
lastmod: '2026-02-17T15:49:28-05:00'
date: '2026-02-17T15:49:28-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and requires 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Reliability Test Engineer to design and execute test plans for our humanoid robots to ensure that they are meeting our reliability targets. We are looking for someone with a strong hardware test background and is able to design and run automated and scalable test setup on robotic modules and systems.

Responsibilities:

* Develop reliability test setup for actuators, batteries, structures, wirings, sensors, modules and full system etc. according to robot-specific usage and life requirements.
* Authorize test procedures and train engineers/technicians to execute the test..
* Manage multiple reliability test workstreams in parallel.
* Report test status and results to cross-functional teams.
* Own the Failure-to-Fix Lifecycle: Lead deep-dive root cause analysis (RCA) on all reliability failures; design and execute reproduction tests to isolate root causes, and develop rigorous validation protocols to verify that design iterations have successfully mitigated the failure mode.

Requirements:

* 2+ years of experience in test engineering and reliability tests.
* Bachelor's degree or higher in mechanical, mechatronics, robotics, or similar engineering field.
* Strong knowledge of 3D CAD with designing, implementing, and executing test setups for novel components.
* Strong knowledge of GD&T and producing 3D and 2D drawings.
* Strong knowledge of accelerometers, load cells, couplers, strain gauges and relevant set up and data acquisition techniques.
* Strong experience with environmental and mechanical reliability tests, such as high temperature high humidity, thermal shock, thermal cycling, vibration, shock tests.
* Strong cross-functional teamwork skills and experience in bringing a product from prototype to mass production.

Bonus Qualifications:

* Experience with high volume manufacturing processes.
* Experience working with contract manufacturers.
* CATIA V6 experience.
* Knowledge in developing accelerated life reliability tests.
* Experience with designing and executing test plans for robotics.
* Experience with electric motors, various gearboxes, or actuators.
* Experience with batteries or battery powered systems.
* Experience with consumer electronics and/or automotive testing standards such as JESD22-A104, ISO16750-1, UL2595, IEC 60068 and GMW3172.
* Experience with Root Cause Analysis (RCA) methodologies like 8D or 5-Why in a fast-paced R&D environment.
* Experience with Weibull++, JMP, or related statistics analysis software.
* Knowledge of failure analysis tools and techniques.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
