---
title: Reliability Technician (All Levels)
status: active
id: '4655264006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4655264006
lastmod: '2026-02-17T16:00:07-05:00'
date: '2026-02-17T16:00:07-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and requires 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a HW Reliability Technician to build test setups and execute reliability tests in humanoid robot development from prototype through production.

Responsibilities:

1. Set up and perform reliability tests at component, module and final product levels.
2. Build and assemble fixtures and functional check stations for reliability tests.
3. Analyze test data to evaluate product performance against technical requirements/specifications.
4. Maintain and debug test equipment to ensure equipment uptime.
5. Assist failure analysis actions such as visual inspection, function check, teardown analysis, electrical debug, and material analysis.
6. Coordinate with external testing and FA partners for outsourced tasks.
7. Manage multiple work streams and test equipment in parallel, assist test planning and scheduling, ensure timely completion of tests, and report out test results.
8. Document reliability test procedure, test observation, analyze test data, report to reliability engineers and crossfunctional teams.

Requirements:

1. Minimum 2 year hands-on experience in hardware reliability testing.
2. Strong experience with operation and maintenance of reliability test equipment, such as ED shakers, temperature humidity chambers, shock/drop towers, IP (ingress protection) testers, salt mist/spray testers, Instron machines.
3. Experience with measurement and data aquisition equipment, such as accelerometers, strain gauges, thermocouples, digital multimeters, source meters, oscilloscopes.
4. Ability to build and dis-assemble test setups, mechanical assemblies with little to no documentation or engineering support, familiar with torque tools.
5. Ability to use basic hand tools and perform electrical hardware tasks including wiring, soldering, and assembling custom harnesses.
6. Ability to interpret engineering drawings, CAD models, PCBA and harness schematics to set up tests and diagnose issues.
7. Ability to read test code, interpret and diagnose test results.
8. Familiarity with computer based tools such as but not limited to CMD prompt, Google Suite, Confluence, Jira, and in house development GUI’s.
9. Ability to manage multiple test flows and equipment in parallel with attention to details.
10. Ability to learn and execute quickly in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, results-driven.

Bonus Qualification:

1. CATIA 3D design tool experience.
2. Reliability test failure modes and mechanisms knowledge.
3. Failure analysis experience, such as use of microscopes, X-ray/CT.
4. PCB rework experience.
5. Programming experience, e.g. Python, Java, C++.
6. Experience with 3D printing, machining, or other prototype fabrication methods.
7. Experience with high volume manufacturing processes.
8. Robotics, automotive, consumer product experience.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $45-$65 an hour.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
