---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Battery
status: active
id: '4656559006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4656559006
lastmod: '2026-06-12T16:11:27-04:00'
date: '2026-02-20T16:16:17-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a Mechanical Engineer to support in the design, testing, and implementation of the battery for the Figure robots.

**Responsibilities:**

* Design parts in 3D CAD related to the battery that satisfy thermal, electrical, structural and durability requirements.
* Build prototypes to test assembly, functionality, and performance.
* Design test set ups related to the battery.
* Generate accurate 2D drawings using GD&T per ASME Y14.5.
* Work with our GSM team to pick suppliers and order parts.
* Inspect first articles, build test stands, and continuously support part on robot development platforms.

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of experience in mechanical engineering
* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field
* Expert in using 3D CAD software to design parts with complex geometry
* Experience designing and building prototypes
* Experienced with simulation and analysis methodology (FEA, MATLAB etc.)
* Ability to write and maintain clean documentation for design processes.
* Experience with batteries at the pack level and cell level (pouch, cylindrical, prismatic).
* Experience with laser welding.
* Able and willing to travel internationally and domestically 25% of the time.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with high volume manufacturing processes.
* Experience working with contract manufacturers.
* CATIA V6 experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
