---
title: Production Associate (Swing Shift - All Levels)
status: active
id: '4664176006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4664176006
lastmod: '2026-05-20T18:31:56-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T12:47:12-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a Production Associate to build our robots.

**Shift: 12:00am - 12:30am, Monday - Friday**

**Responsibilities**:

* Assemble mechanical, electrical, and software-integrated components of humanoid robots with quality and efficiency
* Follow detailed work instructions, schematics, and assembly procedures to ensure consistent build quality
* Perform inspections, testing, and troubleshooting of robotic systems to identify and resolve defects
* Work with engineers and technicians to improve assembly processes and optimize efficiency
* Maintain a clean and organized workspace, adhering to safety and quality standards
* Contribute to process documentation and continuous improvement initiatives

**Requirements:**

* Respectful work attitude with a championship mindset
* Excellent time management skills and a commitment to punctuality
* Hands-on experience in assembly, manufacturing, or production—preferably in robotics, automotive, aerospace, or electronics industries
* Strong attention to detail and pride in high-quality workmanship
* Comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with shifting priorities
* Physical ability to lift up to 50 lbs, stand for long periods, and use hand tools effectively
* Familiarity with basic metrics of manufacturing such as Safety, Quality and Rate

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with high tech manufacturing tools and automation
* Experience with robotic systems, automation, or electromechanical assembly

The US hourly range for this full-time position is between $25 - $35/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
