---
title: Data Strategy Associate
status: active
id: '4664781006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4664781006
lastmod: '2026-03-19T16:54:44-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T19:45:52-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Data Collection
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Data Strategy Associate for the Robot Data Collection team. You will be responsible for orchestrating the end-to-end operational execution of enabling our offsite data collection operations.

**Responsibilities:**

Specific responsibilities include:

* Own end-to-end execution of running robot data collection in diverse residential homes (e.g., deployments—scheduling dates, managing bookings, and ensuring sites are ready for data collection)
* Coordinate and manage site staging contractors and prop teams across multiple concurrent deployments
* Interface with service teams to align robot logistics with deployment schedules
* Track deployment timelines, budgets, and status; proactively flag risks and resolve blockers
* Build and maintain operational processes, trackers, and documentation to scale collection operations efficiently
* Report deployment progress and metrics to the AI Data Collection Manager

**Requirements:**

* 3-5 years in program management (especially for operations), consulting, investment banking, startup project management, or similar roles
* Excellent problem-solving and decision-making abilities
* Excellent communication skills especially using data
* Able to work well under pressure while managing competing, time-sensitive demands
* Proficiency in Google Workspace (e.g., Sheets) and operational management tools
* Low ego, team player with can-do attitude

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with robotics or AI data collection.
* A passion for helping scale the deployment of learning humanoid robots.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $100,000 - $180,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
