---
title: Humanoid Robot Operator - Commercial Launch Team
status: active
id: '4665205006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4665205006
lastmod: '2026-03-19T16:39:53-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T16:39:53-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Commercial Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

This is a contract-to-hire position with the goal of transitioning to full-time employment.

As a Humanoid Robot Operator, you'll have the unique opportunity to work directly with our humanoid robots to test and validate new behaviors and skills. This role on the launch team is unique, you will be on the front line during field operations and new commercial deployments, ensuring that both the robots are operational and optimized for use. This role has heavy travel to customer or development partner sites, up to 75% of the time.

**Responsibilities**:

* Ensure successful operations of the robot in the field or on customer sites.
* Follow proper equipment and robot maintenance procedures, including bring-up and shutdown.
* Run the robot, identify bugs and problems, relay feedback to the appropriate teams.
* Track, document, and escalate issues to the appropriate engineering teams using Jira.
* Adhere to all safety procedures related to robot and teleoperation equipment.

**Requirements**:

* Willing and able to travel throughout the US.
* Willingness to own the operations of the humanoid and drive proper functioning of the robot.
* Excellent communication skills.
* Demonstrate sustained focus and attention while performing assigned tasks.
* Experience working with robots or troubleshooting mechanical systems.
* Can stand 8+ hours a day and physically manage humanoid hardware
* Embrace constructive feedback and strive for constant improvement.
* Thrive in a fast paced environment.
* Valid drivers license and clean driving record

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* A passion for helping scale the deployment of humanoid robots.
* Excellent physical coordination, spatial awareness, and focus.
* Master new physical tasks quickly and find the optimal way to perform them.
* Experience in a customer-facing role

The US base hourly rate for this full-time position is $28/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
