---
title: Global Supply Manager - PCBA
status: active
id: '4670751006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4670751006
lastmod: '2026-04-06T20:20:58-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T20:20:58-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general-purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Global Supply Manager to create and own commercial relationships with our suppliers and manufacturing partners. You will be owning setting up our supply chain, helping determine where we manufacture the robots and how we get from prototype to production volumes.

**Responsibilities**

* **Strategic Sourcing:**
  + Develop and execute global sourcing strategies for PCBAs, identifying and qualifying new suppliers worldwide.
  + Conduct market research and analysis to identify industry trends, cost drivers, and emerging technologies in PCBA manufacturing.
  + Negotiate contracts with suppliers, ensuring favorable pricing, terms, and service levels.
  + Manage supplier relationships, fostering collaboration and continuous improvement.

* **Procurement:**
  + Oversee the procurement process for PCBAs, ensuring compliance with company policies and procedures.
  + Manage purchase orders, track shipments, and resolve any supply chain disruptions.
  + Collaborate with internal stakeholders (engineering, production, quality) to ensure PCBA specifications and requirements are met.

* **Supply Chain Management:**
  + Optimize inventory levels of PCBAs to balance cost, lead time, and demand variability.
  + Implement supply chain risk mitigation strategies, including supplier diversification, buffer stock, and alternative sourcing options.
  + Monitor supplier performance, track key metrics, and drive continuous improvement initiatives.

* **Cost Management:**
  + Identify and implement cost reduction opportunities across the PCBA supply chain.
  + Analyze cost data, negotiate pricing, and optimize procurement processes to achieve cost savings targets.

* **Quality Management:**
  + Collaborate with suppliers and internal quality teams to ensure PCBA quality meets or exceeds company standards.
  + Participate in supplier audits and quality reviews.
  + Drive continuous improvement in supplier quality performance.

**Others:**

* Negotiate long-term deals and supply agreements which will let us build our humanoid robot
* Select a contract manufacturer to build critical components for the humanoid robot with input from engineering
* Work with our business team and track robot and auxiliary equipment costs. Analyze areas to improve.
* Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering and manufacturing, to align sourcing activities with the company's product development and production timelines.

**Requirements**

* 7+ years of experience in supply chain development, or sourcing management
* Hands-on experience in many of the following: PCBA, FATP, PCB, EE components, Contract Manufacturer Management,.. etc.
* Excellent, negotiation and communication skills
* Skilled at establishing strong relationships with suppliers and internal stakeholders.
* Ability to travel internationally 25%+

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Engineering degree
* Previous work at a startup or on a very lean team
* Robotics industry experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $140,000 - $220,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
