---
title: Reinforcement Learning Engineer – Whole Body Control
status: active
id: '4671442006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4671442006
lastmod: '2026-06-12T16:03:28-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T14:54:25-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Controls
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. We are based in North San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Reinforcement Learning Engineer to develop, train, deploy, and evaluate advanced reinforcement learning algorithms for whole body control of our humanoid robot.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Develop, train, and deploy reinforcement learning algorithms for whole body control
* Determine the observations, actions, and model types that unlock maximum performance
* Identify and close the most important sim-to-real gaps
* Define, test, and evaluate performance metrics for learned policies
* Harden the control stack to ensure rock solid robustness

**Requirements:**

* Strong background in dynamics and control, ideally of legged robots
* Experience with reinforcement learning algorithms for robotics: PPO, SAC, etc
* Experience tuning hyperparameters and cost functions for these RL algorithms
* Familiarity with common RL techniques such as: domain randomization, curriculum learning, reward shaping, etc.
* Capable of leading complex controls projects and mentoring junior engineers

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with behavior cloning techniques (e.g. distillation)

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $200,000 and $300,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
