---
title: Mechanical Engineer - Integration & Test
status: active
id: '4672013006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4672013006
lastmod: '2026-05-29T14:18:28-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T18:10:20-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Systems Integration & Test
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. We are based in North San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a **Mechanical Engineer** to support the test infrastructure team to design, and build prototype hardware across our integration and test teams.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Design and build prototype robot components to validate hardware to real-world loading and failure conditions
* Cradle to grave ownership of prototype integration and test equipment
* Develop dynos for actuator testing, validation and integration
* Generate accurate 2D drawings using GD&T per ASME Y14.5 to ensure tight tolerances and proper fits
* Collaborate with mechanical engineering and systems integration teams on hands-on testing

**Requirements:**

* 2+ years of experience in mechanical engineering
* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field
* Experience in using 3D CAD software to design parts with complex geometry
* Experience designing and building prototypes
* Ability to write and maintain clean documentation for design processes.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with CATIA V6
* Familiarity with manufacturing processes and first article inspection
* Experience with actuators, including strain-wave, planetary, or cycloidal
* Exposure to sensors, motors, or electromechanical systems
* Experience with FEA, simulation tools, or basic programming (Python, MATLAB)

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000-175,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
