---
title: Electrical Engineering Intern [Fall 2026]
status: active
id: '4676467006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4676467006
lastmod: '2026-04-25T09:37:55-04:00'
date: '2026-04-25T09:37:55-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Electrical
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for an **Electrical Engineering Intern** to support the design and test of critical hardware components during **Fall 2026.**

**Responsibilities:**

* Design and test full or sub sections of PCBAs on the Humanoid like power distribution boards, battery management systems, sensing boards, motor controllers, or computer boards.
* Support the review of design artifacts (schematics, layouts, bill of materials…) from your peers or external suppliers.
* Support system integration and test activities by contributing to test execution and problem diagnostics and resolution.

**Requirements:**

* Undergraduate student (Senior) or recent graduate in Electrical Engineering or related field.
* Minimum 10 weeks internship, 1 to 2 terms preferred.
* Solid EE fundamentals with hands-on experience designing, building, and testing PCBAs.
* Experience with design automation (EDA) tools, preferably Altium in both schematics and layout.
* Experience with power electronics (motor driver, switch mode power supplies…), digital electronics (MCU, FPGA, Ethernet, USB, SPI, I2C…), and analog electronics (filters, ADC/DAC…)
* Strong verbal and written communication skills.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience using LTspice, Python, and Matlab.
* Embedded programming of DSPs, microcontrollers, and FPGAs.
* Basic understanding of mechanical design fundamentals

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $40 - $45/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
