---
title: Engineering Program Manager, Electronics
status: active
id: '4678046006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4678046006
lastmod: '2026-04-30T22:31:47-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T15:05:24-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Electrical
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We’re looking for a seasoned Engineering Program Manager to drive execution across our most complex electrical hardware programs. You understand the nuances of the electrical design process and know exactly what it takes to bring top-level assemblies to life. You don’t just monitor a timeline; you own the outcome—defining scope, ensuring validation completion, and keeping the team unified. Whether it’s diving into a technical hurdle or cutting through logistical red tape, you are the catalyst that keeps our engineering team moving fast and staying aligned.

**Responsibilities:**

* Work cross-functionally with EE, ME, FW, GSM, systems integration, manufacturing, and vendors to maintain alignment and momentum.
* Support DRIs in schedule ownership, surface blockers, and help drive resolution to stay aligned with company goals.
* Drive prototyping and  build execution (PCBA allocation, design release, bring-up, and logistics), ensuring timely delivery through close coordination across teams.
* Capture actions, track progress, follow up relentlessly, and resolve issues without creating noise.
* Coordinate external lab testing (EMC, compliance, destructive testing).
* Participate in design reviews and technical product evaluations.

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of experience.
* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or a related field.​
* Jira power user — you know how to get EEs to actually use it (and maybe even like it).
* You have been through multiple concept-to-production design cycles. You have seen it all and know what to expect.
* Strong understanding of engineering principles across EE, ME, FW, system integration and manufacturing disciplines.​
* Excellent organizational and communication skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks and stakeholders effectively.​
* Experience working with suppliers, CMs, and external labs.
* Experience with Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) processes.
* Above all, you know how to get it done and make things happen.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with the compliance process (EMC, Functional Safety, DFMEA, etc).
* Experience with Altium.
* Electrical Engineering design experience.
* Mechanical/Thermal design experience.
* Familiarity with programming languages such as Python or C.
* Robotics experience.

### **Compensation**

The US annual salary range for this position is between **$175,000 - $250,000**

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits (including equity) depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
