---
title: Strategic Events Planner, Commercial Operations
status: active
id: '4678047006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4678047006
lastmod: '2026-05-04T14:57:50-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T15:56:35-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Commercial Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and industrial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

**Responsibilities**:

* Own end-to-end planning and execution of all Figure corporate events, including conferences, HQ demos, podcasts, and C-suite appearances
* Coordinate across commercial teams, corporate development teams, and engineering teams to ensure successful robot demonstrations at Figure and externally
* Responsible for messaging and consistency across events

**Requirements**:

* 1-3 years in program manager, investor relations, corporate development, or chief of staff role
* Great communicator
* Experience with events management.
* Excellent judgment and execution in high pressure situations
* Highly organized and ability to work autonomously
* Strong attention to detail, with ability to take action and execute on a condensed timeline
* Low ego, team player with can-do attitude

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $100,000 - $150,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
