---
title: Site Lead - Commercial Site Team
status: active
id: '4683845006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4683845006
lastmod: '2026-06-18T20:14:39-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T12:09:51-04:00'
location: Los Angeles, CA
departments:
- Commercial Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA, but this role will be based at one of our customer sites in Los Angeles, CA.

We are looking for a **Site Lead** to compliment our superstar team. The role will be to manage work on site at the customer location and oversee successful robot deployment, operation, scaling, onsite testing and development, service, and upgrades, all while coordinating with the team in California. This role requires excellent leadership, problem solving, and communication skills.

**Responsibilities:**

* Deployment of humanoid robots on customer’s site
* Daily onsite production operations
* Onsite humanoid fleet service & maintenance
* Onsite team hiring, development, and leadership
* New product & feature development input, onsite testing, and engineering feedback

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of work experience deploying hardware at customer sites or in industrial settings, technical or engineering consulting, and/or technical program management
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skills
* Excellent judgment, team leadership, and execution in high-pressure situations.
* Management of several employees
* Experience in customer-facing roles

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Military experience
* Robotic operational experience
* Robotic deployment experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
