---
title: Deployment Engineer - Commercial Site Team
status: active
id: '4683846006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4683846006
lastmod: '2026-05-22T12:10:46-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T12:10:46-04:00'
location: Los Angeles, CA
departments:
- Commercial Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA, but this role will be based at one of our customer sites in Los Angeles, CA.

The Deployment Engineer will be a key team member initially for development, and shortly thereafter deployment into customer sites.

**Responsibilities:**

* Support engineering with deployment and development, serving as an on-site representative
* Develop testing plans and procedures for customer site, prioritizing roadmaps and development goals
* Execute testing at the customer site, including tracking and analyzing data collections and debugging as necessary
* Ensure the necessary testing goals are achieved while maintaining and exceeding customer performance expectations and requirements
* Collect and analyze testing data to improve our software and hardware performance
* Communicate feedback to engineering clearly

**Requirements:**

* 3-5+ years of work experience in automotive or industrial automation/robotics integration, deployment, and development
* Engineering degree
* Excellent judgment and execution in high pressure situations
* Experience transitioning products from design to pilot to commercialization
* Familiarity with project management software (Confluence, Jira, etc.)
* Willingness to travel frequently between HQ and customer site
* Experience with Linux, Python or other coding languages
* Experience in customer-facing roles

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Software validation experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $180,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
