---
title: Gear Machinist
status: active
id: '4690458006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4690458006
lastmod: '2026-06-18T12:26:05-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T12:26:05-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Prototype Build
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a skilled **Gear Machinist** to join our machine shop. In this role, you will work closely with engineering and production teams to design, produce, and inspect precision gears and gear systems that are critical to our development.

**Responsibilities:**

* Assess tools and material needed for projects
* Set up and operate gear hobbing machines to produce various types of gears to tight tolerances
* Perform gear skiving operations for internal gears, splines, and hard-to-reach profiles
* Set up and operate CNC lathes with live tooling as needed
* Set up and operate manual mills and lathes as needed
* Perform gear inspection using various inspection methods
* Provide feedback and solutions to improve designs and manufacturing efficiency
* Provide training to team members
* Maintain inventory of cutting tools, raw materials, and gear blanks
* Maintain a safe, organized, and collaborative shop environment
* Document and track workflow, inspection results, and non-conformances
* Perform preventative maintenance and repair on machines and equipment

**Requirements:**

* 10+ years of experience in a related industry
* Proficient in gear hobbing processes, tooling selection, and setup
* Hands-on experience with gear skiving for internal profiles and splines
* Strong knowledge of gear geometry, tolerances, and quality standards
* Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings, GD&T, and gear specifications
* Must be able to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment
* Exceptional organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills
* Safety conscious, dependable, and a positive attitude

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with gear grinding operations
* Fabrication and/or welding experience
* Familiarity with metrology tools such as CMMs

The US base pay range for this full-time position is between $45/hr-$80/hr

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
