---
title: Security Engineer, Vulnerability Management and Automation
status: active
id: '4690870006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4690870006
lastmod: '2026-06-21T19:30:04-04:00'
date: '2026-06-21T19:30:04-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Security & Privacy
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Security Engineer to join the Security & Privacy team at Figure, focusing on designing, implementing, and managing vulnerability discovery and remediation across enterprise and Cloud environments.

### **Responsibilities**

* Develop systems and tools to improve the security posture of Figure’s enterprise infrastructure, touching domains such as client platform, corporate networks, as well as SaaS infrastructure
* Build and manage automation for vulnerability management, and help Figure prioritize and address vulnerabilities across the infrastructure
* Identify, triage, and remediate vulnerabilities and misconfigurations for cloud infrastructure and Figure’s backend services
* Design and implement security controls for securing backend services and cloud infrastructure at Figure
* Review and provide security guidance company wide for infrastructure systems, account lifecycle, fleet management and automation.
* Define and contribute to the team's operational duties (e.g. security reviews, consulting, and on-call), identify areas of improvement by delegating work, improving automation, and runbooks.

**Requirements**

* Experience in several of the following Enterprise Security Domains: Zero Trust/Beyond Corp, Endpoint Security, Cloud Security, Data Loss Prevention, Cryptography and PKI, SaaS Security.
* Strong understanding of federated authentication/authorization technologies (e.g., SAML, SCIM, OPA, OIDC).
* Strong understanding of network security mechanisms, including mTLS, 802.1X, SSH, DNSSEC, Certificate transparency, VPN, and others
* Experience developing and deploying services in multi-cloud environments, preferably one of the following Azure, AWS or Google Cloud Platform
* Strong software engineering (beyond scripting or automation) skills in C/C++, Rust, Golang, Python or similar.
* Experience in common tools and processes of adjacent security domains, esp.  Detection and Response.
* Solid knowledge of operating system internals, and experience with several of the following areas: Identity and Access, OS Hardening (macOS, Windows, Linux, ChromeOS), SaaS Security or Assurance and Validation
* Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or equivalent years of experience in a related technical field
* 6+ years of experience as an Enterprise/Cloud focused Security Engineer
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $350,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
