---
title: Software Engineer, Privacy & Data Governance
status: active
id: '4690871006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4690871006
lastmod: '2026-06-21T19:31:57-04:00'
date: '2026-06-21T19:31:57-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Security & Privacy
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Software Engineer to join the Security & Privacy team at Figure, focusing on the Privacy aspects for the robot as well as associated backend services. You will be instrumental in implementing privacy-enhancing technologies (PETs) and ensuring our products adhere to the highest standards of data protection and regulatory compliance. This role is centered on building privacy into the core architecture of our product, along with experience in AI and embedded systems.

### **Responsibilities**

* Design and implement new technical features that embed privacy controls and data minimization techniques into our product and tech stack (privacy-by-design)
* Develop and maintain core privacy engineering services, including systems for user control, anonymization/pseudonymization, and data retention/deletion
* Collaborate with AI, engineering, and security teams to define and enforce robust data governance and data protection practices
* Develop and deploy custom tooling (scripts, APIs, libraries) to standardize privacy enforcement across the technology stack and monitor compliance
* Partner with technical stakeholders to translate privacy requirements into clear, actionable technical specifications and scalable software solutions
* Be a champion for user privacy and security

**Requirements**

* Experience in several of the following privacy and security domains: anonymization / de-identification, data retention and deletion, data lineage or governance, data protection fundamentals, data minimization privacy-by-design, privacy-preserving techniques
* Strong software engineering (not scripting or automation) skills in C/C++, Rust, Golang, Python or similar
* Prior experience building APIs or microservices specifically for data governance or privacy controls
* Ability to collaborate with internal and external stakeholders whilst prioritizing tasks and work independently under minimal supervision.
* BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or equivalent years of experience in a related technical field
* 8+ years of experience in the field of privacy engineering or related security or software engineering role
* Passion for learning and helping others
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $350,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
