---
title: Firmware Intern [Fall 2026]
status: active
id: '4691070006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4691070006
lastmod: '2026-07-06T19:28:38-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T14:13:34-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Internships
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a Firmware Engineer Intern to join us during Fall 2026. In this role, you will help bring our robots to life by supporting board bring-up, developing and validating new firmware features, and assisting with integration and testing.

#### **Responsibilities:**

* Design, implement and test firmware in C or C++ for critical components such as motor controllers, battery management systems and sensing hardware
* Develop Python tools to support test automation or hardware calibration
* Contribute to the development of our Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) infrastructure
* Support hardware/software integration in the lab

**Requirements:**

* Undergraduate student (Senior) or recent graduate in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related field
* Minimum 10 weeks internship, 1 to 2 terms preferred
* Fluent in C, C++, and Python
* Experience implementing low level software on bare-metal systems and RTOS
* Good knowledge of computer architecture
* Deep understanding of communication buses and protocols like Ethernet, Ethercat, Serial, CAN or USB
* Comfortable using lab instruments (oscilloscope, logic analyzer) and in-circuit debugging tools

#### **Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with motor controllers or battery management systems
* Experience implementing CI/CD infrastructures
* Familiar with Agile and Test driven development

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $40 - $45/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
