---
title: Software Engineer, Manufacturing Systems
status: active
id: '4692559006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4692559006
lastmod: '2026-06-26T13:05:55-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T13:04:22-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Our robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and requires 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer to write, troubleshoot, and maintain our in-house digital manufacturing software, encompassing MES, WMS, PLM, QMS, and more.

**Responsibilities:**

* Implement improvements to our existing suite of manufacturing software.
* Spend time on the manufacturing floor understanding and responding to key pain points, gathering user stories, and increasing test coverage to catch downstream issues and improve the usability of the software.
* Develop user-friendly interfaces and workflows to streamline manufacturing and warehouse operations, and provide key insights.

**Requirements:**

* 4+years of industry experience.
* Bachelor’s or higher degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field
* Strong proficiency in Python, Typescript, and Linux systems
* Demonstrable systems design experience
* Experience scaling PostgreSQL
* Proven experience deploying and maintaining highly available, reliable, fault tolerant applications on Kubernetes
* Strong understanding of best practices in software engineering, including SCM (Git) and TDD (Pytest, Vitest, Playwright)
* Ability to work cross-functionally with developers, manufacturing, infrastructure, and product teams.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Previous work in robotics, automotive, or consumer electronics manufacturing
* Experience managing deployments to Microsoft Azure
* Experience with Bazel and/or Terraform

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $160,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
