---
title: Helix AI Engineer, Localization and Mapping
status: active
id: '4696533006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4696533006
lastmod: '2026-07-13T12:02:44-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T12:02:44-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- AI - Helix Team
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is on a mission to develop and deploy general purpose humanoid robots for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are looking for passionate and motivated superstars to grow our world-class team. We are based in Sunnyvale, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

Figure’s vision is to deploy autonomous humanoids at a global scale. Our AI team is looking for Localization and Mapping Engineers to empower Figure humanoid robots to perform highly dynamic operations in demanding real-world environments.

**Responsibilities:**

* Architect and implement real-time localization, ego-motion tracking, and state estimation systems by fusing multi-modal sensor data (cameras, IMUs, encoders, magnetic sensors).
* Build and maintain scalable, offline pose-tracking pipelines to process large-scale training data from diverse sources.
* Develop and optimize multi-sensor calibration systems for humanoid robotics and data collection platforms.
* Partner with cross-functional teams to build comprehensive, data-driven evaluation and testing frameworks.
* Design, engineer, and deploy high-quality, reliable software solutions for real-world robotics applications.

**Required Qualifications:**

* Deep technical expertise in solving complex estimation and nonlinear optimization problems.
* Strong command of 3D geometry, visual-inertial SLAM, and computer vision techniques, including feature matching/tracking, and Structure from Motion (SfM).
* Experience writing performant C++ software.
* Hands-on experience with sensor calibration (e.g., multi-camera and IMU intrinsics/extrinsics).
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment that requires rapid exploration and iteration.
* Passion for advancing humanoid robotics technology.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience implementing visual-inertial SLAM systems on legged robotic platforms.
* Background in estimation problems related to human motion capture or AR/VR applications.
* Experience applying state-of-the-art Deep Learning approaches to SLAM, 3D reconstruction, or human pose estimation.

The US **base** salary range for this full-time position is between $200,000 - $400,000

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
