---
title: Deployment Engineer (TeleOperations)
status: active
id: '4696724006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4696724006
lastmod: '2026-07-14T12:21:31-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T12:21:31-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Data Collection
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

**About the Role**

We are seeking a hands-on Deployment Engineer to join our TeleOperation team. In this role, you will serve as our first line of defense, managing technical challenges across our teleoperation system for robot data collection. You will bridge the gap between field operations and core engineering—troubleshooting daily technical blockers, driving root-cause analysis for recurring issues, and building scalable workflows. **This role requires travel to active data collection sites across the country (regular travel across the Bay Area, and ~25% travel across the country).**

**Responsibilities**

* Support engineering with deployment, serving as an on-site representative to reach development goals
* Provide hands-on support to teleoperations team to unblock technical issues, communicate updates from engineers, teach troubleshooting techniques, and provide coaching
* Execute robot commissioning and testing at the customer site, including tracking and analyzing collections, coding and debugging as necessary
* Triage hardware and software issues as they appear, document learnings, and drive fixes to resolution across engineering teams
* Plan and execute the logistics of deploying early-stage robotic systems to homes and apartments
* Work with robot operators and technicians as the site lead, ensuring required work is completed and tools, spares, and equipment are available
* Communicate clearly to engineers and leadership - Produce regular summaries of site health, recurring issues, and trends

**Requirements**

* 3-5+ years of work experience in automotive or industrial automation/robotics integration, deployment, and development
* Engineering degree
* Excellent judgment and execution in high pressure situations
* Ability to work with your hands on electro - mechanical systems
* Experience with stakeholder management and customer success
* Experience transitioning products from design to pilot to commercialization
* Familiarity with project management software (Confluence, Jira, etc.)
* Willingness to travel frequently to collect sites

**Nice to Have**

* Software validation experience
* Experience with Linux, Python or coding languages

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $125,000 - $185,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
