---
title: Jr Robot Service Technician
status: active
id: '4698535006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4698535006
lastmod: '2026-07-20T18:10:48-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T18:10:48-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Commercial Operations
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a Jr Robot Service Technician to compliment our superstar team. You'll have the unique opportunity to work directly with our humanoid robots. This role is a blend of operations and repair repair and maintenance. .

**SHIFT - 8:00am-5:00pm**

Responsibilities:

* Perform routine maintenance and inspections of the humanoid robot fleet
* Maintain detailed and accurate records of all maintenance and repairs
* Ensure work areas meet organizational cleanliness and organization standards.
* Assist in robot moves and prep robots for deployment.
* Adhere to all safety procedures related to robot operation and teleoperation equipment.
* Follow proper equipment and robot maintenance procedures, including bring-up and shutdown.
* Occasional travel to customer or development partner sites
* Ability to follow assembly documentation
* Ability to work under short timelines when needed

Requirements:

* Ability to remove and replace mechanical components up to 50lbs
* Willingness to own the operations of the humanoid and drive proper functioning of the robot
* Excellent communication skills.
* Demonstrate sustained focus and attention while performing assigned tasks.
* Experience working with robots or troubleshooting mechanical systems.
* Can stand 8+ hours a day and physically manage humanoid hardware
* Embrace constructive feedback and strive for constant improvement.
* Thrive in a fast paced environment.
* Familiarity with torque tools and mechanical assembly
* 5 day workweek

Physical Requirements:

* Lifting & Handling: Must be able to safely lift, carry, and maneuver equipment or humanoid hardware weighing up to 50 lbs independently.
* Sustained Mobility: Ability to stand and move throughout the work area for the entirety of an 8+ hour shift (excluding meal/rest breaks).
* Manual Effort: Capacity for frequent bending, reaching, stooping, and fine motor manipulation of robot hardware.

Bonus Qualifications:

* Experience working with complex systems
* Familiarity with computer based tools such as but not limited to CMD prompt, Google Suite, in house development GUI’s
* Robotics experience
* Experience using Jira, Confluence, Slack

The US base salary range for this full-time position starts at $40/hr.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
