---
title: Sales Development Representative
status: active
id: 001a11ed-d7bb-4c78-a260-1d28c12bf61a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cognition/001a11ed-d7bb-4c78-a260-1d28c12bf61a
lastmod: '2025-11-18T16:22:24.715+00:00'
date: '2025-11-18T16:22:24.715+00:00'
location: New York City
departments:
- SDR
- Sales
offices:
- San Francisco
---

## **We are an applied AI lab building end-to-end software agents.**

We're the makers of Devin, the first AI software engineer, and Windsurf, the AI-native IDE. Together, they represent our vision for collaborative AI teammates that enable engineers to focus on more interesting problems and empower teams to strive for more ambitious goals.

Our team is small and talent-dense. Among our founding team, we have world-class competitive programmers, former founders, and leaders from companies at the cutting edge of AI including Scale AI, Palantir, Cursor, Waymo, Tesla, Lunchclub, Modal, Google DeepMind, and Nuro.

Building Devin and Windsurf is just the first step—our hardest challenges still lie ahead. If you’re excited to solve some of the world’s biggest problems and build AI that can reason on real-world tasks, apply to join us.

## **About the Role**

As an SDR, you will be responsible for engaging with prospects and sourcing new opportunities in our target accounts. You will be a crucial contributor to Cognition’s revenue growth and development.

You’ll work closely with the go-to-market team to accelerate the sales cycle and help build one of the fastest-growing AI startups.

Ideal candidates will have an understanding of our technology (Windsurf & Devin), sales/applicable experience, and exhibit the drive and grit required to win consistently in a fast-paced, high-intensity environment.

**In this role, you will:**

* Research, prospect, and engage high-level prospects within your AE’s account list.
* Learn to navigate complex organizational structures, and identify executive sponsors & champions.
* Discover and understand the business objectives of your customers, and ability to engage with key stakeholders via cold outreach.
* Support cross-functional partnerships in generating new business opportunities and progressing them forward.
* Consistently deliver on monthly meeting/opportunity targets, and drive success via multi-channel outreach (email, LinkedIn, calls).
* Provide timely and insightful input back to other corporate functions.

**Requirements for the role:**

* We’re looking for A-players with insanely high adaptability, who have or feel they would thrive in an intense early-stage company environment.
* 1+ years in a sales role with a track record of success & high performance OR proven track record of success in another domain.
* Ability to learn and become an expert quickly, on both our product and how prospects/customers use AI code generation to have real, quantifiable impacts on their business.
* Team player – We value simplifiers, not complexifiers.
* Self-starter – Hunger to dream up, plan, and execute tasks independently.
* Interface with prospects to explain Cognition and its technology (Devin & Windsurf).
* Bonus: familiarity or experience with software engineering, Saas, infrastructure, or AI-powered developer tools (ex: Copilot, ChatGPT, etc.).

**You might excel if you…**

* Are highly ambitious or have a competitive background (athletics, debate, etc.).
* Have found success in another high-growth, fast-paced environment.
* Have experience with software engineering, studied computer science, or another technical background.

**What we believe…**

Our best work is done in person. The team works together **5 days a week** in our office in our NY and SF offices.

We’re not a family, but a lot of our employees have them. Cognition offers a number of benefits and perks to make sure everyone is cared for – including but not limited to:

* Competitive comp plan
* Comprehensive benefits (medical, dental, vision)
* 401K, equity
* Catered lunches, fully stocked kitchen, swag, etc.
* Team events & activities
* Downtown parking

We truly have one of the best teams in the space. We are set on hiring team members who can communicate the advancement, excitement, and passion of the product and technology for the Sales team and our customers. **We don't want this to be just another job, we want this opportunity to fundamentally change your career.**

## Equal Opportunity

Cognition is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities throughout the hiring process - please let us know if you need any.
