---
title: Account Director - APAC
status: active
id: 0aabb166-3e97-437b-ab84-b04fe20dd426
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cognition/0aabb166-3e97-437b-ab84-b04fe20dd426
lastmod: '2026-05-04T10:35:09.624+00:00'
date: '2026-05-04T10:35:09.624+00:00'
location: Tokyo
departments:
- Account Director
- Sales
---

## **We are an applied AI lab building end-to-end software agents.**

We're the makers of Devin, the first AI software engineer.

Our team is extremely talent-dense. Among our founding team, we have world-class competitive programmers, former founders, and leaders from companies at the cutting edge of AI including Scale AI, Palantir, Cursor, Waymo, Tesla, Lunchclub, Modal, Google DeepMind, and Nuro.

Building Devin is just the first step—our hardest challenges still lie ahead. If you’re excited to solve some of the world’s biggest problems and build AI that can reason on real-world tasks, apply to join us.

## **About the Role**

As an Account Director, you will be responsible for sourcing, closing and activating enterprise customers, while providing critical product feedback to the Cognition team. You will be a crucial contributor to Cognition’s revenue growth and Devin’s development.

You’ll work closely with the whole Cognition team including engineering, product and go-to-market to accelerate the sales cycle and help build one of the fastest-growing AI startups.

Successful candidates will have deep experience selling highly technical solutions to businesses, have experience with software engineering and exhibit the drive and grit required to win consistently in a fast-paced, high-intensity environment.

**In this role, you will:**

* Drive revenue for Cognition, owning the entire sales cycle, from prospecting through close and activation for early stage through enterprise companies
* Navigate layered customer organizations including working directly with C-suite executives, Tech and AI leaders, procurement and legal stakeholders
* Develop strategies for sourcing, demoing the product, and closing opportunities with layered buying organizations
* Deeply understand the customer’s technical pain points and priorities, and qualify the best use cases and teams to deploy Devin to large technology organizations
* Discover new use cases in our customers’ Tech organizations and overshare customer feedback with our product and engineering teams
* Focus on results - generate pipeline, revenue, and help build the best technical sales organization to bring Devin to market

**Requirements for the role:**

* Demonstrate a track record of success selling deeply technical products to enterprise customers
* You have technical experience - either as a software engineer, sales engineer or forward deployed engineer. If not, you have an exceptional ability to learn and understand the complex technical problems and requirements our customers are trying to solve using Devin
* Thrive in ambiguous and rapidly changing environments — you’re willing to move fast and quickly grow in scope and responsibility
* You have a demonstrated exceptional ability to learn

**You might excel if you…**

* previously founded a startup
* successfully sourced and closed large, complex enterprise software deals
* were a software engineer or sales engineer, or studied computer science, but moved into go-to market roles to be closer to the customer
* are a competitive, highly ambitious person who loves working in high-intensity environments

## Equal Opportunity

Cognition is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities throughout the hiring process - please let us know if you need any.
