---
title: Applied AI Transformation Manager - MENA
status: active
id: 416528a8-2067-4bec-ac70-73d4ffa52290
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cognition/416528a8-2067-4bec-ac70-73d4ffa52290
lastmod: '2026-07-06T16:56:24.040+00:00'
date: '2026-07-06T16:56:24.040+00:00'
location: Riyadh
departments:
- Applied AI
- Sales
offices:
- Doha
- Dubai
---

## **We are an applied AI lab building end-to-end software agents.**

We're the makers of Devin, the first AI software engineer.

Our team is extremely talent-dense. Among our founding team, we have world-class competitive programmers, former founders, and leaders from companies at the cutting edge of AI including Scale AI, Palantir, Cursor, Waymo, Tesla, Lunchclub, Modal, Google DeepMind, and Nuro.

Building Devin is just the first step—our hardest challenges still lie ahead. If you’re excited to solve some of the world’s biggest problems and build AI that can reason on real-world tasks, apply to join us.

## **About the Role**

Applied AI Transformation Managers are technically oriented strategic advisors and operators who ensure value alignment to our customer's most strategic projects and drive program delivery across several strategic accounts. You’ll be responsible for identifying strategic opportunities for our customers to realize value from Cognition’s platform and ensuring strong value capture and reporting. You will support delivery of enterprise wide programs to implement agentic AI, specifically by designing and building the operating model and delivery model for agentic AI.

You’ll act as a trusted advisor to senior and functional leaders, designing value realization targets and delivering transformation programs. This role embeds with a select set of Cognition’s strategic accounts for upfront strategy work through in-depth program management and delivery. You will be on the frontlines of supporting customers turning productivity gains and quantifiable financial impact. You will pioneer the playbook for how the world’s largest enterprises get value from AI Agents.

**In this role, you will:**

* Work with customer leadership to identify, quantify and report value targets for productivity gains and financial impact
* Ensure seamless operations and delivery for the overall customer program, in close partnership with the Cognition account team
* Ensure everyone at customer and Cog has visibility on playbook implementation, consumption metrics and value metrics
* Maintain great relationships and customer trust via delivery
* Oversee onboarding and rollout to thousands of engineers, ensuring successful deployment
* Apply world class analytical and technical program management skills to support customer executives and teams, particularly with value realization and tracking
* Build centers of excellence within accounts and empower them through tailored enablement programs

**Requirements for the role:**

* Computer science or EE undergrad
* SWE intern or full time work experience
* 3-5 years at a big 3 strategy consulting firm with a strong background in value targeting and realization and technology strategy as well as a proven track record building and expanding client relationships
* Ideally 2+ years experience at a startup in a customer facing role preferred
* Thrive in ambiguous, fast-changing environments—you move quickly and grow quickly
* Demonstrated ability to learn exceptionally fast

**You might excel if you…**

* have successfully been a part of complex enterprise teams, especially sourcing and managing account growth
* have worked as a software engineer, SE, technical account manager or other technical role
* previously founded a startup or were early stage at a high growth startup
* are a competitive, highly ambitious person who loves working in high-intensity environments

## Equal Opportunity

Cognition is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities throughout the hiring process - please let us know if you need any.
