---
title: General Application - Cognition
status: active
id: 4841bda0-057a-4471-801f-70309c3c02d5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cognition/4841bda0-057a-4471-801f-70309c3c02d5
lastmod: '2024-03-10T01:40:17.757+00:00'
date: '2024-03-10T01:40:17.757+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- General & Administrative
---

## **We are an applied AI lab building end-to-end software agents.**

We're the makers of Devin, the first AI software engineer, and Windsurf, the AI-native IDE. Together, they represent our vision for collaborative AI teammates that enable engineers to focus on more interesting problems and empower teams to strive for more ambitious goals.

Our team is small and talent-dense. Among our founding team, we have world-class competitive programmers, former founders, and leaders from companies at the cutting edge of AI including Scale AI, Palantir, Cursor, Waymo, Tesla, Lunchclub, Modal, Google DeepMind, and Nuro.

Building Devin and Windsurf is just the first step—our hardest challenges still lie ahead. If you’re excited to solve some of the world’s biggest problems and build AI that can reason on real-world tasks, apply to join us..

## Equal Opportunity

Cognition is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities throughout the hiring process - please let us know if you need any.
