---
title: Senior Engineer, State Estimation (R5165)
status: active
id: 0c6acdd5-a39b-4ad3-84fa-b1a1f83409d3
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/0c6acdd5-a39b-4ad3-84fa-b1a1f83409d3
lastmod: '2025-10-17T21:45:41.687000+00:00'
date: '2025-10-17T21:45:41.687000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Dallas, Texas
- San Diego, California
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense technology company whose mission is to protect service members and civilians with intelligent systems. In pursuit of this mission, Shield AI is building the world’s best AI pilot. Its AI pilot, Hivemind, has flown a fighter jet (F-16), a vertical takeoff and landing drone (X-BAT), and a quadcopter (Nova). The company has offices in San Diego, Dallas, Washington DC and abroad. Shield AI’s products and people are currently in the field actively supporting operations with the U.S. Department of Defense and U.S. allies.  As a State Estimation Engineer, you will work on the GNC team to develop and optimize algorithms that process and fuse data from various sensors to provide accurate, reliable state estimates, enabling the X-BAT to operate autonomously in complex and contested environments.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Develop and implement advanced sensor algorithms for processing data from IMUs, radar, cameras, GPS, and other sensors.
* Enhance state estimation algorithms by integrating multi-sensor data for improved accuracy and robustness.
* Design and implement real-time sensor data processing pipelines.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, autonomy researchers, and hardware engineers, to ensure seamless integration of state estimation algorithms.
* Conduct experiments and field tests to validate the performance of state estimation algorithms in real-world scenarios.
* Stay updated with the latest advancements in sensor technologies and state estimation , applying them to our systems.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Typically requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 4 years and a Master’s degree; or 2 years with a PhD; or equivalent work experience.
* Experience developing and deploying real-time sensor processing algorithms, e.g. with cameras, radar, IMUs, GPS, etc.
* Solid understanding of state estimation techniques, such as Kalman filters, particle filters, etc.
* Experience with C++ 11 or newer
* Experience with Linux, command line tools, etc.
* Excellent communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with multidisciplinary teams and external stakeholders.
* Proven track record of successfully shipping products, showcasing the ability to navigate through development cycles, overcome obstacles, and deliver high-quality solutions to meet project deadlines and exceed expectations in a fast-paced environment.
* You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Experience in implementing inertial navigation algorithms on real-time processing systems
* Knowledge of computer vision techniques
* Proficiency in optimizing algorithms for compute-constrained systems
* Experience with CUDA or other hardware acceleration technologies (e.g. FPGAs)
* Proven track record of transitioning from R&D to production

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
