---
title: Senior Engineer, Full-Stack Software - Foundry Applications (R4806)
status: active
id: 12901f0e-56f1-4654-939d-1605d5b10e75
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/12901f0e-56f1-4654-939d-1605d5b10e75
lastmod: '2026-04-15T02:02:02.772000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-15T02:02:02.772000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The Applications team within Software Integration & Operations builds internal tools that power Shield AI’s most critical operations across Production, Customer Success, Supply Chain, and Engineering. Our portfolio spans over-the-air (OTA) update systems, simulation training platforms, fleet sustainment software, and enterprise applications supporting aircraft manufacturing.   
   
We’re growing quickly and looking for a Full-Stack Software Engineer to help design, develop, and deploy robust applications that directly enable manufacturing, operational planning, and execution — all within a Foundry-integrated ecosystem.   
   
If you thrive in fast-moving environments, enjoy solving complex problems with modern software, and want to see your code deliver immediate impact, this role is for you.

### What you'll do:

* Execute the development and release of Foundry-backed applications that power MES, ERP, and operational analytics.
* Develop end-to-end features: From backend services and data transformations to user-facing interfaces — ensuring performance, maintainability, and security.
* Collaborate with production managers, engineers, and supply chain teams to understand workflows and deliver scalable software solutions.
* Leverage Palantir Foundry: Use Foundry’s APIs, ontology, and visualization tools to integrate data across multiple domains.
* Deliver continuously: Write well-tested, maintainable code and iterate quickly based on real-world feedback.
* Shape the roadmap: Contribute to technical direction, make sound architecture decisions, and help scale our Foundry development capabilities.

### Required qualifications:

* 5+ years of experience in full-stack application development with proven ownership of deployed solutions.
* Hands-on experience designing and building React application and TypeScipt/Javascript based backend (API)
* Strong skills in data modeling, working with large datasets, and building analytical workflows.
* Solid foundation in software design, testing, and documentation.
* Ability to deliver complex projects independently while collaborating effectively across teams.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Familiarity with Palantir Foundry (ontology, pipelines, APIs, visualization) or other large-scale data platforms.
* Hands-on experience designing and operating Python data-processing pipelines
* Experience building software for manufacturing, supply chain or aircraft maintenance.
* Familiarity with modern software delivery practices (version control, testing, CI/CD).

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
