---
title: Senior Director of Business Development - Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan (R4831)
status: active
id: 14f30de4-a7ee-4b86-bb27-d60f3aceb678
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/14f30de4-a7ee-4b86-bb27-d60f3aceb678
lastmod: '2026-04-21T22:17:38.411000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-21T22:17:38.411000+00:00'
location: Tokyo
departments:
- International Business Development
offices:
- Tokyo
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Shield AI’s International Business & Strategy team is hiring a Business Development Director to accelerate growth and support the adoption of its autonomy ecosystem: X-BAT, V-BAT, ViDAR, and Hivemind in Japan

The Director of Business Development will lead Shield AI’s growth strategy, building out a team that is responsible for significant annual orders targets. The Director must have deep defense, national security, or aerospace experience in the country / region (Japanese language fluency required), established government relationships, and a track record of closing complex defense programs (ideally across both hardware and software).

You will operate with significant autonomy and ownership, shaping country strategy, leading major pursuits, and building long-term defense partnerships. You will report to the Senior Director of International Business & Strategy (Middle East & Asia Pacific) and work closely with international business development colleagues around the globe, as well as product, engineering, and operations teams, to deliver mission-relevant autonomy capabilities at scale.

### What you'll do:

* Own and execute Japan go-to-market strategy for Shield AI’s product portfolio, including X-BAT, V-BAT, ViDAR, and Hivemind.
* Maintain direct responsibility for annual order targets, multi-year pipeline development, and order growth.
* Lead end-to-end capture and sales efforts from early engagement through contract award and follow-on growth.
* Engage directly with senior military, government, and defense industry stakeholders across the region.
* Differentiate Shield AI in competitive and regulated defense procurements.
* Provide actionable market and customer intelligence to influence product roadmap and broader international strategy.
* Work cross-functionally with product, legal, export compliance, and operations.
* Lead proposal/program development and complex product demonstrations.
* Structure and manage local partnerships, primes, and industrial participation or offset strategies.
* Represent Shield AI at senior-level engagements, exhibitions, and industry forums.

### Required qualifications:

* 10+ years business development experience in the country or broader region within defense, aerospace, or national security.
* Specific prior defense or government-facing experience in Japan with a deep understanding of procurement processes, offset requirements, export sensitivities, local defense primes, and indigenization requirements.
* Fluency in English & Japanese (written and spoken).
* Demonstrated success closing complex defense or government programs - ideally across both hardware (aircraft/UAS) and software (autonomy/ai).
* Technical experience with autonomy, UAVs, ISR, and advanced sensing technologies.
* Strong negotiation, relationship-building, and stakeholder management skills.
* Ability to manage multiple concurrent pursuits, involving technical products, in ambiguous environments.
* Proven cross-functional leadership across operations, product, and BD teams.
* Exceptional written, verbal, and presentation skills.
* Willingness and ability to travel frequently in country/region and internationally (~25%).
* Willingness and ability to work across multiple time zones
* Based in or willing to relocate to Tokyo, Japan.
* Mastery of critical business tools (Microsoft Suite – PPT, Excel, Word, LLMs, etc.)
* Experience forecasting, tracking, and managing deal cycles using Salesforce.

### Preferred qualifications:

* U.S. Citizen (or dual national)
* Existing U.S. or allied security clearance.
* Currently based in country.
* Prior military service or operational leadership experience in Japan   
  (++ if directly related to UAS, autonomy, or fighter jet aircraft).
* Prior experience supporting foreign military sales (via DSCA), engaging with SAF/IA, or working directly with foreign air forces.
* Direct experience with UAV operations, mission autonomy, AI-enabled C2 systems.

#LI-AN2

#LG

Our international teammates receive a comprehensive total rewards package aligned to your country office location. For full details on compensation and benefits, please consult your talent acquisition partner.
