---
title: Staff Contractor Program Security Officer (R4898)
status: active
id: 181b43f3-724b-4da6-b36b-0fc8cbba14f6
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/181b43f3-724b-4da6-b36b-0fc8cbba14f6
lastmod: '2026-04-30T01:42:36.373000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-30T01:42:36.373000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Security
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a qualified and experienced security professional to fill the role of Contractor Program Security Officer (CPSO) in support of multiple special access programs. As a CPSO, you will be responsible for managing, directing, administering, and developing security programs and procedures for assigned programs that have security requirements beyond the standard regulations outlined in 32 CFR Part 117.

Your primary responsibility will be to manage the company's special security program to ensure the successful development and execution of classified programs. You will oversee the full lifecycle of the programs, ensuring strict adherence to applicable laws, Department of Defense (DoD) policies and requirements. As the primary interface with government agencies regarding program security matters and requirements, you will play a crucial role in representing our organization.

Your duties will include completing the Program Access Request (PAR) process, preparing for inspections, processing visit requests, conducting security briefings, refreshers, and debriefings, maintaining access rosters, classified mail, and intrusion detection/access control systems, alarm response, as well as performing other assigned duties.

### What you'll do:

**Security Management**

* Perform program security administrative tasks, including filing, updating logs/lists, coordinating with internal and external customers, and managing supplies.
* Maintain personnel security records for classified programs.
* Conduct initial access eligibility determinations and create PARs and SCI nominations.
* Process incoming and outgoing classified visit certifications.
* Conduct program indoctrination briefings, debriefings, and annual refresher briefings.
* Conduct internal self-inspections and assist with Staff Assistance Visits and Customer Security Assessments.
* Maintain classified material accountability records, including inventory lists, receipt and transmittal records, and final disposition documentation.
* Possess working knowledge in the preparation and maintenance of prime and subcontract DD254s.
* Implement required security controls as specified in the DD254, Statement of Work (SOW), and Security Classification Guide (SCG).
* Ensure all classified materials are appropriately marked and controlled according to contractual requirements.
* Review operational requirements and system specification documents to address and incorporate applicable security requirements into security processes.
* Interpret and implement security classification guidance.
* Develop and maintain various security artifacts, including Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), transportation plans, Operations Security (OPSEC) plans, and Program Protection Implementation Plans (P2IPs).
* Investigate and document security violations/incidents, providing recommendations for corrective actions to program personnel/management.
* Attend, support, and participate in program meetings, staff meetings, teleconferences, etc.
* Respond to walk-in customers and provide ad hoc security services as required
* Maintain formal initial and recurring security education and training materials/events.
* Provide assistance for data transfers.

**Physical Security:**

* Maintain the program's intrusion detection and access control systems.
* Develop and maintain program Fixed Facility Checklists to establish/update classified work areas, including necessary waiver/approval records.
* Triage and respond to nuisance and/or burglary alarms as applicable.

### Required qualifications:

* DoD Special Access Programs experience required.
* 3-6 years' security administration experience required.
* Demonstrated customer support, interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills.
* Security Clearance: DoD Top Secret / with SCI eligibility required.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Education: Bachelor’s college degree and/or military experience preferred but not required. A combination of education, training, certification and/or experience that provides the requisite knowledge, skills and abilities may be substituted for the degree.

#LI-EJ1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
