---
title: Manager, Embedded Software (R4755)
status: active
id: 19aea956-a8ff-4a8c-8552-16d954257ac1
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/19aea956-a8ff-4a8c-8552-16d954257ac1
lastmod: '2026-03-27T23:47:42.654000+00:00'
date: '2026-03-27T23:47:42.654000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The VBAT Software team is a motivated group of engineers focused on developing complex avionics software that merges hardware, operating systems and applications for cutting-edge Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV). Embedded Software engineers work with customer programs, electrical engineers, Guidance, Navigation and Controls (GNC) engineers, systems engineers, test engineers and the autonomy team to design and develop software systems which utilize modern aerospace sensors, state-of-the-art UAV avionics, and groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence applications.    
    
As the Embedded Firmware Manager, you will craft, refine, and execute strategies that optimize the avionics software development process for the family of V-BAT aircrafts. Collaborating with a multi-disciplinary team of Electrical, Mechanical, Systems, GNC, and AI engineers you will ensure avionics software is delivered with quality, efficiency, and meets all technical and program requirements. We are looking for a technical expert, passionate about building an avionics software department which establishes the process and engineering rigor to deliver software which is central and critical to the operation of state-of-the art UAV’s. Someone who is not afraid to take charge, make decisions, and do what honor dictates to make things happen.

### What you'll do:

* Develop high-quality C/C++ code tailored specifically for V-Bat aircraft, ensuring optimal performance, reliability, and safety.
* Develop firmware to control robotic vehicles in flight
* Facilitate the design process for updates to the software system architecture
* Report status, risks, accomplishments, expectations to senior leadership
* Design and implement systems capable of conducting tests across various environments, including virtualized hardware and hardware-in-the-loop simulations, to facilitate thorough evaluation of software functionality and performance.
* Create prototypes to validate critical design concepts and assess technical limitations, providing tangible evidence of feasibility and informing decision-making processes.
* Hire talented embedded software engineers and drive best practices to hold a high bar for technical excellence across the team

### Required qualifications:

* Typically requires a minimum of 7 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 6 years and a Master’s degree; or 4 years with a PhD; or equivalent work experience.
* Rock-solid software development experience in C/C++
* Experience in bare-metal firmware development for embedded systems
* Proven track record of successfully shipping products, showcasing the ability to navigate through development cycles, overcome obstacles, and deliver high-quality solutions to meet project deadlines and exceed client expectations in a fast-paced environment
* Proactively identify opportunities for improvement within software development projects, demonstrating initiative to propose and implement innovative solutions that enhance efficiency, quality, and overall project success and V-Bat reliability

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience working on cutting-edge autonomous robotic systems
* Proven background in thriving within fast-paced environments, particularly within startup or R&D settings
* Demonstrated adaptability, agility, and the ability to innovate under pressure to meet dynamic project demands and drive successful outcomes.

#LI-SM1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
