---
title: Strategic Capture Director (R4893)
status: active
id: 1d551077-9e00-4f3c-84bd-f3ee911c83f8
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/1d551077-9e00-4f3c-84bd-f3ee911c83f8
lastmod: '2026-04-30T01:17:15.867000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-30T01:17:15.867000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- International Business Development
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

In this role, you will report into the regional Senior Director based out of Abu Dhabi, UAE and work closely with both the Middle East / Asia Pacific and U.S. teams to advance Shield AI’s partnerships, programs, and business opportunities. You will serve as one of the company’s primary U.S.-based representatives for Middle East / Asia Pacific-related efforts, helping to ensure seamless coordination between international stakeholders and Shield AI’s domestic operations, and to strengthen the company’s relationships across the defense, aerospace, and technology ecosystems.

### Required qualifications:

* Based in or willing to relocate to the Washington, D.C. area.
* Exceptional communicator: strong written, verbal, and presentation skills, with the ability to engage seamlessly across government, military, and industry audiences.
* Charismatic leader with the ability to motivate and inspire others while conveying Shield AI’s mission, technology, and products.
* Deep understanding of U.S. and allied defense acquisition processes and how they relate to international collaboration and export frameworks.
* 10+ years of relevant military, defense industry, or international business experience.
* Proven ability to manage high-level stakeholder engagements, including senior defense officials, embassy representatives, and foreign delegations.
* Self-motivated and results-oriented, with a track record of exceeding goals and delivering impact across cross-functional teams.
* Strong cultural fluency and ability to work effectively with international partners across the Middle East and/or Asia-Pacific.
* Demonstrated understanding or strong technical curiosity in UAV and/or AI autonomy systems.
* Willing and able to travel periodically, both domestically (for major demos, facility visits, and events) and internationally (for key meetings, trade shows, etc.).
* Ability to collaborate closely with Shield AI’s Chief Growth Officer, Chief Technology Officer, International EVP, the Asia/Middle East regional leadership, and other U.S.-based leadership teams.
* Team-oriented, with the ability to balance collaborative communication with direct, forthright input.
* Proficient in the systems and tools required to operate at the speed of business.
* Bachelor’s degree required.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Specific experience supporting Asia-Pacific markets from a U.S.-based government or defense industry role.
* In region experience (either military or defense industry)
* Prior UAV, autonomy, or AI-related business development experience.
* MBA or related Master’s degree, plus 15+ years of leadership and/or operational experience within the U.S. DoD or international equivalents.
* Familiarity with U.S.-Asia-Middle East defense cooperation frameworks, foreign military sales (FMS), and technology-transfer pathways.
* Strong research and analysis skills.
* Relevant foreign language skills (e.g., Arabic, Japanese, Korean, Mandarin).
* Active U.S. Department of Defense Secret security clearance.

#LI-KC5

#LF

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
