---
title: Engineer II, Mechanical Test (R4935)
status: active
id: 1d56e321-727e-4d28-a99c-99c4aec117eb
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/1d56e321-727e-4d28-a99c-99c4aec117eb
lastmod: '2026-05-22T00:47:13.418000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-22T00:47:13.418000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - LRV
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Are you a passionate and innovative product design engineer looking to help develop state-of-the-art AI and aircraft products? Are you eager to make a positive difference in the world? Do you want to work alongside mission driven and values focused teammates? Shield AI is just the place for you!

We are seeking a highly skilled and detail-oriented Structures/Mechanical Test Engineer to support the development, testing, and validation of advanced mechanical systems for the Launch and Recovery Vehicle. The ideal candidate will have strong hands-on experience with hydraulic systems, various sensor technologies (e.g., force, pressure, strain, displacement), be proficient in python for test automation and data analysis, and demonstrate expert level proficiency in CAD tools such as NX.

You’ll work across disciplines to ensure structural integrity, manufacturability, and mission-readiness in one of the most advanced autonomous aircraft platforms being built today. This role is ideal for an engineer who thrives in fast-paced, high-ownership environments and is passionate about building systems that matter.

### What you'll do:

* Develop and execute test plans to validate mechanical performance, structural integrity, and environmental durability from start to finish.
* Design, build, and operate test fixtures and systems involving hydraulic actuation, mechanical linkages, and sensor instrumentation.
* Integrate and calibrate a range of sensors (e.g., load cells, pressure transducers, strain gauges, accelerometers) into test setups for accurate data collection.
* Create and maintain python scripts to provide automation, signal processing, and result visualization.
* Analyze test data, troubleshoot system behaviors, and generate technical reports with design feedback.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including mechanical design, systems, and electrical engineering to define test requirements, run test campaigns and deliver high quality results.
* Lead CAD design of custom test equipment, prototypes, fixtures, and components, ensuring manufacturability and safety.
* Perform Finite Element Analysis to simulate mechanical performance, validate design assumptions, and correlate analytical results with test data.
* Work with metallic/composite materials in the design, fabrication, and testing of mechanical components, with consideration for their unique properties such as anisotropy, delamination risk, and layup configuration.
* Support lab safety protocols, equipment maintenance, and improvement of test capabilities.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or related discipline.
* 2+ years of professional experience in mechanical/fluids testing
* Understanding of heat transfer (conduction, convection, radiation) and fluid mechanics.
* Experienced with active and passive cooling solutions and their integration at component and system level.
* Proficiency with mechanical testing of large structures and ground vehicles
* Experience with CAD design tools such as NX, SolidWorks, or similar.
* Demonstrated experience applying first-principles reasoning to complex engineering problems.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.
* Proven ability to learn and adapt quickly to new tools, processes, and technical challenges in a fast paced, startup environment.
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience with UAVs, aircraft, or robotic systems for large ground vehicles
* Hands-on experience performing MIL-STD testing (e.g., MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-461) including vibration, shock, thermal, and EMI/EMC testing.
* Subject Matter Expert in aerospace structures and dynamics test environments.
* Familiarity with electro-mechanical actuators
* Hands-on machine shop or mechanic experience (professional or hobby)
* Ability to thrive in startup, R&D, or defense innovation environments

#LI-MS1

#LB

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
