---
title: Staff Engineer, Structural Designer (R4937)
status: active
id: 2370b285-80b6-4603-95a9-abdf690750b7
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/2370b285-80b6-4603-95a9-abdf690750b7
lastmod: '2026-05-22T01:00:13.879000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-22T01:00:13.879000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - LRV
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Are you a passionate and innovative product design engineer looking to help develop state-of-the-art AI and aircraft products? Are you eager to make a positive difference in the world? Do you want to work alongside mission driven and values focused teammates? Shield AI is just the place for you!

As a Mechanical Engineer, you will be responsible for contributing to the mechanical design and development of Shield AI's autonomous UAV products. You will help architect new products, perform the detailed design of complex structural systems for the launch and recovery vehicle and will use best in class design and analysis tools. You will collaborate closely with internal and/or external partners to prototype, test and release products to production. You will also help ensure product features achieve performance, schedule and reliability goals.

You’ll work across disciplines to ensure structural integrity, manufacturability, and mission-readiness in one of the most advanced autonomous aircraft platforms being built today. This role is ideal for an experienced aerospace mechanical engineer who thrives in fast-paced, high-ownership environments and is passionate about building systems that matter.

### What you'll do:

* Design complex structures for the autonomous aircraft launch and recovery system
* Own the full design process: concept, CAD, tolerance analysis, material selection, and drawing release
* Perform structural and kinematic calculations and preliminary FEA
* Prototype, test, and iterate mechanism designs for functionality and reliability
* Collaborate with electrical, avionics, flight controls, manufacturing, and test teams
* Support pre-production builds, prototype integration, and ground/flight testing on the pathway to production and field deployment
* Participate in design reviews, architecture discussions, and technical decision-making forums related to structural systems.
* Identify opportunities to improve design processes, configuration management, and team workflows for increased engineering velocity and design quality.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Mechanical/Aerospace Engineering
* 7+ years in mechanical or mechanism design for ground vehicles
* Strong CAD skills (NX preferred)
* Kinematic analysis and optimization
* Structural analysis utilizing hand calculations and finite element methods
* FEA analysis: Modal, non-linear and linear, buckling, fatigue
* GD&T and tolerance stack-ups for mechanical systems
* Materials selection inclusive of alloys, heat treatments, allowables, and finishes
* Ability to work independently in fast-paced, cross-functional teams
* A demonstrated record of working hard, being trustworthy, holding yourself to high standards, and being kind to others
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience with UAVs, aircraft, or robotic systems
* Familiarity with electro-mechanical actuators
* Proficiency in FMEA, DOE, and root cause analysis
* Hands-on machine shop or mechanic experience (professional or hobby)
* MIL-STD-810, structural, or actuated mechanism testing experience
* Ability to thrive in startup, R&D, or defense innovation environments

#LI-MS1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
