---
title: Senior Applications Engineer, Autonomy
status: active
id: 2394368a-67ff-441c-83c3-e998446327e7
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/2394368a-67ff-441c-83c3-e998446327e7
lastmod: '2024-07-15T19:23:56.487000+00:00'
date: '2024-07-15T19:23:56.487000+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Applications Engineering
offices:
- United States
- San Diego, California
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

Our Applications Engineers are highly technical, customer-facing problem solvers who play a critical role in deploying Shield AI’s Hivemind software in real-world environments. This role is travel-intensive, with frequent trips, often international, and sometimes lasting multiple weeks, to work directly alongside customers on-site.

This is primarily a Senior-level role, and we’re typically looking for candidates with several years of relevant industry experience. That said, we will consider exceptional mid-level engineers who demonstrate strong technical fundamentals, a hands-on mindset, and a track record of taking initiative in dynamic, customer-driven environments

In this role, you will work closely with customers to understand their requirements, provide technical expertise during deployment, and ensure successful integration of our AI and autonomy products. You’ll also collaborate internally with engineering teams, with opportunities to grow into technical leadership over time.

**You Should Apply If:**

* You’re excited about a travel-heavy role and enjoy being on-site with customers, including international and multi-week engagements
* You’re a strong technical contributor (or early in your career and eager to grow) who takes initiative and figures things out
* You enjoy problem solving, building relationships, and working at the intersection of engineering and real-world deployment
* You’re passionate about autonomy, robotics, or aerospace

**You Should Not Apply If:**

* You prefer minimal travel or want to work primarily from a single location
* You want to do 100% R&D and don’t enjoy customer interactions
* You’ve never programmed in C, C++, or Rust

### What you'll do:

* Deploy with customers on site globally (~50% travel) to support software integration and development activities.
* Become an expert user of the Hivemind enterprise software stack and its various autonomy modules.
* Provide technical support and training to customers.
* Develop AI & Autonomy applications using the Shield AI enterprise software development kit
* Assist the sales team in pre-sales activities, e.g., demos, conferences, immersions
* Assist in post-sales deployment and integration of Shield AI enterprise software products.
* Develop and maintain technical documentation and training materials.
* Help customers debug software/API integration issues.
* Collaborate with the product engineering team to address customer feedback and improve products.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.
* 5+ years of experience of industry experience
* 2+ years of experience in an integration/applications engineering role
* 2+ years of experience working in a startup environment.
* Strong technical background in software engineering.
* Strong proficiency in writing modern C++ code.
* Intermediate proficiency in writing Python code.
* Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience in the defense aviation or robotics industry.
* Experience building and running a small enterprise software applications/solutions engineering team.
* Advanced technical degree, especially in robotics or autonomy related fields

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
