---
title: Staff Electrical Engineer (R5022)
status: active
id: 287b6bce-52fc-4a64-9fe9-f25445baf6eb
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/287b6bce-52fc-4a64-9fe9-f25445baf6eb
lastmod: '2025-11-24T14:13:51.161000+00:00'
date: '2025-11-24T14:13:51.161000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Electrical
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

Shield AI is pioneering AI pilots for aircraft that protect service members and civilians—pushing the boundaries of autonomous flight. V-BAT is designed for deployment in the most demanding, high-stakes environments.

We are looking for an Electrical Engineer to join our team, focused on the design, integration and troubleshooting of electronics systems critical to our aircraft. This role is perfect for an engineer with a solid foundation in power systems, embedded systems who is eager to grow, own challenging projects, and see their work move rapidly from concept to flight. If you thrive in fast-paced environments, enjoy solving complex problems, and want to help build the future of autonomous aviation, we want to hear from you.

### What you'll do:

* Circuit and sub-system design for V-BAT and its support equipment. This includes complex system architectures utilizing custom circuitry (power management, analog, digital, servos, microcontrollers, sensors, radios, etc.)
* Lead avionic systems troubleshooting and root cause analysis
* Support the design and integration of complex power systems, embedded systems and sensors which enable aircraft autonomy and AI
* Lead and mentor teammates working on the same project
* Own circuit part selection, schematic capture, simulation, analysis, verification, debugging, and release to production
* Work closely with cross-functional teams (mechanical, embedded, software, manufacturing, supply chain, etc.)
* Work closely with Firmware to integrate applicable logic designs into the build/release cycle
* Provide feedback to other teams where applicable
* Help develop PCBA and avionics system qualification test and automated test solutions
* Proactively identify opportunities for improvement within hardware development projects, demonstrating initiative to propose and implement innovative solutions that enhance efficiency, quality, and overall project success and aircraft reliability

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering; or equivalent work experience
* You have a minimum of 5+ years of industry experience as an Electrical Engineer
* Strong technical fundamentals
* Contributed to and led multiple product design cycles involving EE, ME, and SW engineering
* Demonstrated track record of extreme ownership, working hard, and delivering outstanding outcomes
* A track record of successfully shipping products, showcasing the ability to navigate through development cycles, overcome obstacles, and deliver high-quality solutions to meet project deadlines and exceed expectations in a fast-paced environment
* Proactively identify opportunities for improvement within hardware development projects, demonstrating initiative to propose and implement innovative solutions that enhance efficiency, quality, and overall project success and aircraft reliability

#LI-JM2

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
