---
title: Senior Systems Administrator (R4902)
status: active
id: 2f014a80-854e-42a6-862f-3b98d291fde6
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/2f014a80-854e-42a6-862f-3b98d291fde6
lastmod: '2026-05-06T00:04:06.339000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-06T00:04:06.339000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Security
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a highly motivated and skilled Systems Administrator with 3-5 years of experience to join our Federal Systems Team as a key member of our high-performing Classified IT operations. This is an on-site role. The ideal candidate will bring a strong desire to learn rapidly, an exceptional ability to troubleshoot complex issues, and a deep commitment to upholding the high standards of excellence that define our organization. As a key player in our Classified IT operations, the Systems Administrator will not only ensure seamless functionality but also contribute directly to the mission of Shield AI by supporting the technological backbone that drives our innovative solutions. This role is essential in maintaining operational efficiency and ensuring that our team can continue to deliver cutting-edge advancements with the highest level of customer satisfaction.

Your primary responsibility will be to maintain the company's classified and CUI information systems. You will oversee assigned information systems and provide technical support in on-going engineering and implementation efforts. As a Systems Administrator, you will play a critical role in enforcing required information security requirements and policies.

### What you'll do:

* Technical Support: Serve as the first point of contact for end users seeking technical assistance via the ticketing system, Teams, or email. Provide on-site technical support for desktops, laptops, as well as common office software and network connectivity issues.
* Problem Resolution: Diagnose issues using customer-provided details, SOPs, and Run Books, guiding end users through the resolution process with patience and clarity, ensuring a high level of customer service.
* Escalation: Direct unresolved issues to the next level of support with comprehensive documentation of the troubleshooting steps taken, ensuring smooth handoffs and continuity in issue resolution.
* Documentation: Accurately record events, problems, and resolutions in logs and tickets, ensuring all technical issues and solutions are well-documented for future reference and reporting.
* On-Site Support: Assist with on-site physical projects, including mounting servers, running cables, and setting up IT equipment. Provide hands-on support for hardware installations, configurations, and maintenance.
* Imaging and Deployment: Image computers and assist with IT projects as needed, ensuring all devices are correctly configured and deployed according to organizational standards. This includes preparation, deployment, and ongoing maintenance of on-site equipment.
* Training and Development: Stay updated with industry trends and new technologies. Participate in continuous onsite training and development opportunities to enhance and expand skill sets relevant to the evolving needs of the organization.
* Provide necessary support to the Information Assurance team in the implementation and maintenance of classified information systems accredited under the Risk Management Framework (RMF) process.
* Participate in the planning for new classified information systems and support the Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) in developing System Security Plans.

### Required qualifications:

* 3-5 years of experience as a Systems Administrator in an on-site, mid-level role, with a proven track record in managing and maintaining IT services, including the installation, administration, and troubleshooting of Linux/Ubuntu and Microsoft systems. Demonstrated ability to provide on-site technical assistance and support for computer systems, software, and hardware issues.
* Candidate must have demonstrated customer support, interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills.
* Ability to clearly and concisely explain technical issues and document solutions effectively, enhancing transparency within the on-site team.
* Technical Skills:
* Proficiency in system administration, with expertise in diagnosing and resolving technical issues on platforms such as Windows Server, Ubuntu, and cloud environments
* Experience with networking using Cisco or Fortinet devices.
* Relevant certifications in system administration or related fields are a plus, with a preference for hands-on experience in an on-site support environment
* Certifications and Education:
* Security+ certification or equivalent is required, demonstrating a solid foundation in Information Security and System Security.
* Networking Certifications are a plus but not required.
* Security Clearance: Top Secret / with SCI eligibility required.
* Additional Skills:
* Proven ability to excel in a fast-paced, on-site work environment, demonstrating reliability, teamwork, and a commitment to high standards of professionalism.
* Demonstrated record of solving complex problems with innovative solutions, maintaining professionalism, and being kind and considerate to others.
* Proven capability to manage on-site projects at scale and across functions with a high level of execution and quality.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Education: Bachelor’s college degree and/or military experience preferred but not required. A combination of education, training, certification and/or experience that provides the requisite knowledge, skills and abilities may be substituted for the degree.
* Advanced Technical Expertise: Deep understanding of both Linux/Ubuntu and Microsoft systems, beyond basic troubleshooting, with the ability to diagnose complex issues and implement effective solutions in an on-site setting
* Scripting and Automation Skills: Experience with scripting languages (e.g., PowerShell, Python) for automating repetitive tasks, improving efficiency, and reducing the potential for human error.
* Cross-Platform Experience: Experience managing a mixed environment of Windows, Linux, and macOS systems, ensuring seamless integration and operation across diverse platforms
* Networking experience setting up WANs or interconnected networks at scale

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
