---
title: Staff Engineer, Mechanical (R4887)
status: active
id: 36691848-fa43-4c4b-9152-736f539f323c
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/36691848-fa43-4c4b-9152-736f539f323c
lastmod: '2026-05-05T23:30:12.946000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-05T23:30:12.946000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Mechanical
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Help design and deliver the mechanical systems that power advanced aerospace platforms from concept to real-world operation. In this role, you will own hardware development across the full product lifecycle—working hands-on in CAD, analysis, and testing—while collaborating with cross-functional teams to build reliable, high-performance systems. Operating in a fast-paced environment, you’ll turn complex challenges into practical solutions and play a key role in bringing mission-ready technology to life.

### What you'll do:

* Directly contribute to the design, analysis, and integration of mechanical systems and subsystems for V-BAT aircraft and ground support equipment, including payload integrations, avionics packaging, harnessing and connector selection, transport structures, and launch & recovery systems.
* Own mechanical engineering deliverables across the product lifecycle—from early concept and prototyping through test, production, and field support—with a bias toward execution and delivery.
* Partner closely with Engineering, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Quality, Program Management, and Flight Operations to ensure designs are buildable, testable, and reliable in real-world environments.
* Provide hands-on technical support during ground and flight testing, demos, and field operations; rapidly troubleshoot and implement design fixes under tight timelines.

### Required qualifications:

* **Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or closely related field** from an accredited institution.
* **5-6 years of hands-on mechanical design experience** in aerospace, ground support equipment, or related ruggedized hardware systems.
* **Proficiency in 3D CAD software (SolidWorks, NX, CATIA, or similar)** with demonstrated ability to create detailed drawings, assemblies, and GD&T-compliant documentation
* Strong foundation in **structural design, material selection, and manufacturing processes.**
* **Experience performing engineering calculations (stress, thermal, tolerance stack-up, fatigue, FEA as applicable)** to validate design integrity
* **Cross-functional collaboration experience** with Manufacturing, Quality, Supply Chain, and Program Management.

### Preferred qualifications:

* **Root cause analysis and structured problem-solving capability** to resolve mechanical failures.
* **Familiarity with industry standards (ASME, ISO, ASTM, or industry-specific regulatory requirements).**
* **Familiarity with MIL-STD requirements and environmental qualification testing.**
* Familiarity to **power distribution, hydraulics, or aerospace support systems**.
* Experience working with **external suppliers or contract manufacturers**.

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
