---
title: Sr Staff Curriculum Manager (R5177)
status: active
id: 382baf90-7769-473a-ba3c-99f54d8266b4
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/382baf90-7769-473a-ba3c-99f54d8266b4
lastmod: '2026-06-12T01:08:01.210000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T01:08:01.210000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Customer Operations
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The Sr Staff Curriculum Manager is responsible for designing, developing, and managing Shield AI’s X-BAT training curriculum program. They will ensure training products are innovative and compliant with both US Department of War requirements, export regulations, and international airworthiness standards. This position will play a critical role in ensuring that end users are well-equipped with the skills and knowledge needed to employ Shield AI’s industry-leading autonomous UAS product line in the most challenging operational environments worldwide.

### What you'll do:

* Own the design and strategy for developing technical product training curriculum for UAS platforms
* Responsible for leading a team of training developers and instructors
* Interface across multiple technical disciplines to ensure training program remains up to date as platform modernization and development occurs
* Conduct regular training needs analyses through surveys, stakeholder interviews, and performance metric evaluations to identify skill gaps
* Measure training effectiveness using feedback, knowledge assessments, and performance KPIs to continuously improve and adapt course content
* Develop Learning Management System (LMS) and Training Management System (TMS) plan to support scalability across the company and platforms.

### Required qualifications:

* 10+ years of aviation maintenance or maintenance training experience
* Bachelor’s degree in Aviation, Education, Technical Management, or a related field.
* Significant experience using training development software such as Adobe Captivate, dominKnow, etc
* Strong understanding of instructional design principles and adult learning theories.
* Excellent project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
* Proficient in e-learning authoring tools and learning management systems.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
* Attention to detail and a commitment to delivering high-quality training products.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Master’s degree in Business, Education, Instructional Design, or a related field.
* Proven experience as a Curriculum Manager or similar role, preferably in the aerospace or UAS industry.
* Subject Matter Expert in US DoW training development and management
* Familiarity with international airworthiness standards and regulations

#LI-AD6

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
