---
title: Senior Staff Engineer, Advanced Manufacturing (R4359)
status: active
id: 38657de3-7e8d-4be8-80a4-e898a68727e6
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/38657de3-7e8d-4be8-80a4-e898a68727e6
lastmod: '2026-01-13T03:12:31.636000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-13T03:12:31.636000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Production
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

As a Senior Staff Advance Manufacturing Engineer, you’ll take ownership of critical manufacturing processes across multiple programs, leading initiatives to increase throughput, reduce costs, and scale our operations. You’ll be instrumental in building out the infrastructure for a new production line supporting a next-generation jet, including selecting and deploying capital equipment, implementing hardware and software tools, and establishing robust production systems. Working across engineering, supply chain, and production, you’ll ensure smooth integration of new technologies and provide mentorship to other engineers. This role is ideal for someone who thrives on cross-functional impact, technical leadership, and factory-scale execution.

### What you'll do:

* Define the Bill of Process and manufacturing sequence for assigned subassemblies or cells.
* Map MBOM to operations, tooling needs, and process controls.
* Build ergonomic workstations (height/reach zones, shadow boards, calibrated torque tools, ESD controls, POU materials).
* Create visual, operator-ready Work Instructions with torque specs, PPE, inspection points, and MES revision control.
* Conduct time studies, compute takt/CT, identify bottlenecks, and lead kaizen improvements.
* Establish standardized work, visual controls, job aids, and layered audit systems; iterate with operators.
* Capture shop-floor lessons learned defects, build issues, tooling feedback and drive root cause and corrective action.
* Partner with Quality on in-process checks, error-proofing, and FAI readiness.
* Implement ECOs, validate process updates, and maintain work instructions accordingly.
* Tools & Skills: MES/QMS systems, torque analyzers, Minitab/Excel (SPC, capability, DOE), lean/5S, PFMEA, ergonomic assessment tools, Control Plans, Standard Operating Procedures.

### Required qualifications:

* 10+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, production systems, process development, or assembly engineering.
* Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Industrial, Mechatronics, or related STEM field.
* Experience in prototype manufacturing in a startup or rapid-growth environment.
* Strong understanding of manufacturing processes, including machining, composites, avionics and/or assembly.
* Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment and adapt to changing priorities.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Knowledge of quality standards, such as AS9100 or ISO 9001.
* Proficiency in CAD software
* Familiarity with advanced manufacturing technologies, such as additive manufacturing or automation systems.
* Hands-on experience with manufacturing equipment and tooling design.
* Strong project management skills, including experience managing multiple priorities and deadlines

#LI-JM1

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
