---
title: Principal Capture Director - SOCOM
status: active
id: 4547217d-fa1c-4dbf-9f6a-42231f0e3c65
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/4547217d-fa1c-4dbf-9f6a-42231f0e3c65
lastmod: '2026-06-24T19:21:06.291000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-24T19:21:06.291000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### What you'll do:

The Principal Capture Director - SOCOM - will lead the development and execution of Shield AI’s long-term business development and capture strategy focused on SOCOM Acquisition, Technology & Logistics (SOF AT&L) and collaborate with our service leads to design and implement SOF-component capture strategies aligned with the services (e.g. US Army Special Operations Command, Naval Special Warfare Command, etc).

This individual will drive Shield AI’s engagement and alignment with enterprise-level defense priorities, modernization initiatives, and SOCOM-level transformation efforts — shaping strategic growth opportunities that advance the company’s impact across the joint force.

+ Develop and execute a comprehensive SOCOM/service SOF components capture strategy integrating service-aligned efforts across the DoW.
+ Identify, qualify, and prioritize strategic opportunities aligned with SOCOM enterprise priorities.
+ Establish and maintain trusted relationships with senior leaders across SOCOM and SOF AT&L, — including key stakeholders within each PEO and critical proponent offices such as PEO SOF Warrior, PM Fixed Wing, PM Lethality, and JSOC.
+ Serve as Shield AI’s principal interface for enterprise-level SOCOM engagements, ensuring a unified message and coordinated strategy.
+ Anticipate and interpret policy, budget, and technology priorities emerging from SOCOM, translating them into actionable capture strategies and investment focus areas while supporting the teams' execution of service-focused capture.
+ Shape and influence SOCOM concepts, roadmaps, and acquisition approaches that define future autonomy, AI, and unmanned systems adoption.

### Measures of success (First 6–12 Months):

* Established relationships with relevant operational commands, requirements developers, and acquisition offices
* Create/update existing capture plan and qualify programmed resource streams for Shield AI products in line with operational force needs
* Influence the production of future requirements and solicitations favoring Shield AI product offerings

### Required qualifications:

* 10+ years of experience in business development, strategy, or capture within the Department of War ecosystem, with a focus on SOCOM enterprise-level engagements.
* Deep understanding of SOCOM organizational structures, acquisition systems, and decision-making processes at the Secretariat and Joint levels.
* Demonstrated success leading major captures ($50M+ value) or shaping large-scale defense initiatives through the full business development lifecycle.
* Proven ability to influence and communicate effectively with senior SOCOM stakeholders.
* Strong leadership, communication, and analytical skills, with demonstrated ability to collaborate across technical, operational, and policy teams.
* Active Secret clearance (Top Secret preferred).

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience with emerging technologies in autonomy, artificial intelligence (AI), command and control (C2), unmanned systems (UAS), or ISR.
* Prior military, government, or industry experience supporting SOCOM efforts.
* Advanced degree in business, public policy, engineering, or a related field.

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
