---
title: Senior Engineer, Autonomy Systems Integration and Test (R4472)
status: active
id: 498f7d45-a951-45ad-aa7f-3f54bf3dd2bb
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/498f7d45-a951-45ad-aa7f-3f54bf3dd2bb
lastmod: '2026-01-31T03:58:35.542000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-31T03:58:35.542000+00:00'
location: San Diego, California
departments:
- Integration & Test
offices:
- San Diego, California
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

Shield AI’s mission is to protect service members and civilians with intelligent systems. The Hivemind Solutions Test Department brings this mission to life by integrating and validating autonomy across a range of unmanned aircraft systems, from small Group 1 platforms up to larger Group 5 aircraft.

We are seeking a Senior Autonomy Integration & Test Engineer who thrives as a multidisciplinary builder and operator — someone who can take systems from concept and benchtop integration all the way through flight test and field deployment. This role is deeply hands-on and spans hardware, software, autonomy, networking, and flight operations across Group 1 and Group 2 aircraft. You will work across simulation, SIL, HIL, VIL, and live flight environments to solve complex real-world problems, rapidly iterate on evolving systems, and ensure Hivemind autonomy performs reliably in operational conditions.

This is an ideal role for someone who thrives in ambiguity, moves with urgency, and enjoys digging into complex system issues across flight controllers, radios, communication interfaces and autonomy. You will play a key role in bridging software, hardware, and flight operations while helping scale our testing capabilities.

### What you'll do:

+ Execute hands-on integration and testing of Hivemind autonomy systems on Group 1–3 platforms.

+ Debug and troubleshoot complex system issues across autonomy, flight controllers, radios, networking, and software interfaces

+ Develop and execute test plans across simulation, SIL, HIL, VIL, and real flight environments

+ Support flight test operations including system bring-up, pre-flight checks, in-flight monitoring, and post-flight analysis

+ Build and maintain test tools, automation, and infrastructure in Python and C++

+ Develop interface software for new hardware and sensors.

+ Analyze test data and drive root cause investigations to improve system performance and reliability

+ Collaborate closely with software, hardware, and flight test teams to ensure seamless integration

+ Operate effectively in fast-paced, ambiguous environments where systems and processes are still evolving

+ Identify and implement improvements to test efficiency, coverage, and system robustness

### Required qualifications:

+ Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Engineering, Robotics, Aerospace, or related field, or equivalent experience

+ 4–7 years of experience in integration and testing of robotics, autonomy, aerospace, or similar complex systems

+ Strong hands-on experience working with real hardware systems and field or flight testing

+ Experience with SIL, HIL, and VIL environments.

+ Direct experience with Ardupilot and MAVLINK

+ Experience with ROS.

+ Ability to design, build, and configure medium complexity benchtop setups.

+ Proficiency in Python and C++ for scripting, automation, or debugging

+ Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot complex, cross-disciplinary systems (hardware, software, communications)

+ Comfortable working in ambiguous environments with evolving requirements

+ Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and problem-solving mindset

+ U.S. Citizenship and ability to obtain a SECRET clearance

### Preferred qualifications:

+ Aviation experience, such as Private Pilot’s License or Part 107c.

+ CI/CD experience

+ Experience with PX4 and/or cube family of hardware

+ Experience with unmanned aerial systems (fixed-wing, quadrotor, or both)

+ Background in autonomy, robotics, or aerospace systems

+ Familiarity with flight controllers, radios, and communications systems

+ Experience supporting flight test operations

+ Experience contributing to automated test frameworks or infrastructure

+ Active SECRET clearance

#LI-LD1

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
