---
title: Engineer I, Electrical Integration & Test (R5136)
status: active
id: 49d0cfc6-952f-42b6-ad6c-630597a1780a
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/49d0cfc6-952f-42b6-ad6c-630597a1780a
lastmod: '2026-06-05T23:03:57.251000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T23:03:57.251000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Avionics
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

At Shield AI, we are revolutionizing defense technology to protect service members and civilians with intelligent, autonomous systems. Our Integration Test Engineering team plays a critical role in ensuring the X-BAT remains the most reliable, mission-ready UAV in the industry. We design cutting-edge test solutions—custom-built electrical and systems that push our hardware to its limits in real-world and extreme environments integrated with a wide variety of instrumentation to assure mission integrity.

As an Electrical Engineer on our Hardware Test team, you’ll have the opportunity to design and automate test systems that validate everything from power electronics to RF communications. You'll work hands-on with PCB design, Python scripting, and advanced environmental testing (HASS, ESS, HALT) to ensure the highest standards of reliability. If you're passionate about building rock-solid hardware and thrive in a fast-paced, multidisciplinary environment, this role is for you.

### What you'll do:

* Design and own test systems for critical UAV electrical system test, from concept to validation.
* Work across multiple EE disciplines, including power electronics, RF, communications, and system integration.
* Develop PCBs to interface between test stands and the device-under-test (DUT).
* Build custom test fixtures integrating PCBAs, Test Equipment, and harnessing for automated and high-fidelity testing.
* Automate test sequences using Python, ensuring repeatability, efficiency, and scalability.
* Collaborate in cross-functional design reviews, advocating for testability improvements that streamline hardware validation.
* Adapt and innovate in a fast-moving, high-stakes environment, where your work directly impacts mission success.
* Other duties as assigned.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Electrical Engineering or equivalent hands-on experience.
* Strong foundation in electrical, mechanical, and software engineering principles.
* Experience in multidisciplinary hardware projects—whether through internships, jobs, clubs, personal projects, or research.
* A track record of ownership, innovation, and delivering results in complex technical environments.
* A team-first mindset, holding yourself and others to high standards, while being adaptable and solution-oriented.
* A track record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Proficiency in Python or other scripting languages for automation.
* Experience with PCB design tools (Altium, KiCAD, Eagle, etc.).
* Familiarity with CAD tools (SolidWorks, NX, CATIA) for mechanical fixture design.
* Ability to problem-solve under pressure and pivot quickly in a dynamic, fast-paced engineering environment.

#LI-DM2

#LA

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
