---
title: Structural Test Stand Design Engineer (R4413)
status: active
id: 49d637fc-8dfe-485f-910e-941a496b50d4
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/49d637fc-8dfe-485f-910e-941a496b50d4
lastmod: '2026-04-23T18:41:30.591000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-23T18:41:30.591000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Mechanical
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

Do you enjoy working in a dynamic lab environment and being part of a design team that will impact the safety of service members and civilians? If so, we want your help designing the next generation aircraft at Shield AI. The Mechanical Test team’s mission is to inform Shield AI hardware design by quantifying product performance and experience with custom measurement tools, and specialized analysis.

We are seeking a highly skilled and detail-oriented Structural Test Stand Design Engineer to support the development, testing, and validation of advanced mechanical systems. The ideal candidate will have strong hands-on experience with hydraulic systems, various sensor technologies (e.g., force, pressure, strain, displacement), be proficient in python for test automation and data analysis, and demonstrate expert level proficiency in CAD tools such as NX.

### What you'll do:

* Develop and execute test plans to validate mechanical performance, structural integrity, and environmental durability from start to finish.
* Design, build, and operate test fixtures and systems involving hydraulic actuation, mechanical linkages, and sensor instrumentation.
* Integrate and calibrate a range of sensors (e.g., load cells, pressure transducers, strain gauges, accelerometers) into test setups for accurate data collection.
* Create and maintain python scripts to provide automation, signal processing, and result visualization.
* Analyze test data, troubleshoot system behaviors, and generate detailed technical reports with design feedback.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including mechanical design, systems, and electrical engineering to define test requirements, run test campaigns and deliver high quality results.
* Lead CAD design of custom test equipment, prototypes, fixtures, and components, ensuring manufacturability and safety.
* Perform Finite Element Analysis to simulate mechanical performance, validate design assumptions, and correlate analytical results with test data.
* Work with metallic/composite materials in the design, fabrication, and testing of mechanical components, with consideration for their unique properties such as anisotropy, delamination risk, and layup configuration.
* Support lab safety protocols, equipment maintenance, and continuous improvement of test capabilities.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field.
* 5+ years of experience in mechanical testing or product development environments.
* Strong working knowledge of hydraulic systems and their control/measurement.
* Experience with sensor selection, integration, and calibration in test environments.
* Proficiency in Python for scripting, test automation, and data analysis.
* Advanced CAD skills in Siemens NX with experience designing test hardware and prototypes.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and in team settings.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Hands-on experience performing MIL-STD testing (e.g., MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-461) including vibration, shock, thermal, and EMI/EMC testing.
* Subject Matter Expert in aerospace structures and dynamics test environments.

#LI-JM2

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
