---
title: Staff Engineer, Manufacturing
status: active
id: 60960e9b-f39e-48bf-b2ea-f61a58db8a5d
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/60960e9b-f39e-48bf-b2ea-f61a58db8a5d
lastmod: '2024-11-18T15:52:35.622000+00:00'
date: '2024-11-18T15:52:35.622000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Production
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

As a Staff Manufacturing Engineer, you’ll take ownership of critical manufacturing processes across multiple programs, leading initiatives to increase throughput, reduce costs, and scale our operations. You’ll be instrumental in building out the infrastructure for a new production line supporting a next-generation jet, including selecting and deploying capital equipment, implementing hardware and software tools, and establishing robust production systems. Working across engineering, supply chain, and production, you’ll ensure smooth integration of new technologies and provide mentorship to other engineers. This role is ideal for someone who thrives on cross-functional impact, technical leadership, and factory-scale execution.

### What You'll Do:

* Act as a technical leader across programs, owning the design and optimization of high-impact manufacturing processes.
* Drive the scale-up of our flagship product line, balancing throughput, quality, and cost.
* Lead the manufacturing engineering effort for launching a new production line for a larger and more capable jet.
* Scope and deploy critical production infrastructure, including manufacturing equipment, tooling, and hardware/software systems.
* Engage with vendors to source and integrate capital equipment, production tools, and automation systems.
* Mentor engineers and production personnel to build organizational capability and technical depth.
* Champion cross-functional initiatives that standardize and improve manufacturing performance at scale.

### Required Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or a related field, or relevant experience
* 7+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, with a focus in rapid growth environments
* Experience in owning the scale of production processes in a startup or rapid-growth environment.
* Strong understanding of manufacturing processes, including machining, composites, avionics and/or assembly.
* Experience with process improvement methodologies, such as Lean Manufacturing or Six Sigma.
* Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment and adapt to changing priorities.

### Preferred Qualifications

* Knowledge of quality standards, such as AS9100 or ISO 9001.
* Proficiency in CAD software
* Familiarity with advanced manufacturing technologies, such as additive manufacturing or automation systems.
* Knowledge of ERP/MRP systems and data-driven decision-making in a manufacturing context.
* Hands-on experience with manufacturing equipment and tooling design.
* Strong project management skills, including experience managing multiple priorities and deadlines.

#LI-JM1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
