---
title: Engineer II, Thermal Design and Analysis (R4934)
status: active
id: 61a20f23-41ca-4cdc-8ee1-419516c56d9b
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/61a20f23-41ca-4cdc-8ee1-419516c56d9b
lastmod: '2026-05-22T00:19:21.015000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-22T00:19:21.015000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - LRV
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Are you a passionate and innovative thermal engineer looking to help develop state-of-the-art AI and aircraft products? Are you eager to make a positive difference in the world? Do you want to work alongside mission driven and values focused teammates? Shield AI is just the place for you!

As a Thermal Engineer at Shield AI, you will own the design, analysis, and integration of thermal management systems for the launch and recovery system structural and electronics components. This role is best suited for an engineer who thrives on first-principles problem solving, is comfortable with ambiguous, open-ended challenges, and can communicate well across functions, ensuring well- coordinated thermal management solutions.

You’ll work across disciplines to ensure structural integrity, manufacturability, and mission-readiness in one of the most advanced autonomous aircraft platforms being built today. This role is ideal for an experienced thermal engineer who thrives in fast-paced, high-ownership environments and is passionate about building systems that matter.

### What you'll do:

* Own thermal solutions for the autonomous aircraft launch and recovery system
* Develop and validate analytical, numerical, and computational models for heat transfer and fluid flow using hand calculations and CFD tools such as FloEFD.
* Prototype, test, and iterate mechanism designs for functionality and reliability
* Provide technical leadership in trade studies, system architecture decisions, and risk assessments.
* Drive test planning, instrumentation, and data analysis to correlate models with experimental results.
* Proactively identify risks, propose solutions, and influence mechanical, electrical and/or PCBA design direction.
* Collaborate with mechanical, electrical, avionics, flight controls, manufacturing, and test teams
* Support pre-production builds, prototype integration, and ground/flight testing on the pathway to production and field deployment
* Participate in design reviews, architecture discussions, and technical decision-making forums related to structural systems.
* Identify opportunities to improve design processes, configuration management, and team workflows for increased engineering velocity and design quality.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or related discipline.
* 2+ years of professional experience in thermal engineering.
* Strong expertise in heat transfer (conduction, convection, radiation) and fluid mechanics.
* Strong understanding of active and passive cooling solutions and their integration at component and system level.
* Understanding of thermal management design elements including TIMs, spreaders, heat sinks, vapor chambers, heat pipes, and fans
* Proficiency with thermal analysis and CFD tools (e.g., ANSYS Icepak, FloEFD, STAR-CCM+).
* Experience with CAD design tools such as NX, SolidWorks, or similar.
* Demonstrated experience applying first-principles reasoning to complex engineering problems.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.
* Proven ability to learn and adapt quickly to new tools, processes, and technical challenges in a fast paced, startup environment.
* A demonstrated record of working hard, being trustworthy, holding yourself to high standards, and being kind to others

### Preferred qualifications:

* M.S. in a relevant engineering discipline.
* Hands-on experience with thermal and fluid system testing, instrumentation, and validation.
* Knowledge of materials and manufacturing methods relevant to thermal management
* MIL-STD-810, structural, or actuated mechanism testing experience
* Ability to thrive in startup, R&D, or defense innovation environments

#LI-MS1

#LB

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
