---
title: Power Electronics - Electrical Engineer II
status: active
id: 622ee448-5ab3-4b2e-b20b-1fff995cbc45
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/622ee448-5ab3-4b2e-b20b-1fff995cbc45
lastmod: '2025-09-24T13:11:06.059000+00:00'
date: '2025-09-24T13:11:06.059000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Avionics
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Dallas, Texas
- San Diego, California
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

Shield AI is redefining autonomous aviation with cutting-edge AI and GPS/RF-denied navigation technologies. Now, we’re building our next-generation aircraft, XBAT, like no other—one that will push the boundaries of innovation and performance.

We’re looking for a Power Engineer II to contribute to the design, analysis, and validation of power electronics systems critical to our aircraft. This role is perfect for an engineer with a solid foundation in power systems who is eager to grow, own challenging projects, and see their work move rapidly from concept to flight. If you thrive in fast-paced environments, enjoy solving complex problems, and want to help build the future of autonomous aviation, we want to hear from you.

### What you'll do:

* Design Power Electronics: Design of HV and LV systems including:

-High-voltage and low-voltage power systems

-DC-DC converters, inverters, and motor controllers

-Battery, Battery management, power generation, and distribution

-Embedded safety and protection mechanisms

* Design across power ranges: Engineer solutions from <1 kW low-power systems to >10 kW high-power applications
* Full-cycle hardware development: Own the entire flow — concept, modeling, worst case analysis, schematic capture, simulation, prototyping, design reiteration for improving design maturity, testing and validation
* PCB ownership: Drive PCB layout and design with ECAD engineers, optimizing for power density, EMI, thermal, and manufacturability
* Design for Safety, Manufacturability and Reliability: Design robust systems keeping in mind best practices for safety, manufacturing and reliability
* Board Bring Up and Testing: execute board bring up, verification, validation and HALT testing to meet rigorous aerospace reliability standards
* Cross-functional collaboration: Work closely with Mechanical, CAD, Embedded, Software, Production and various aircraft teams throughout the product lifecycle
* Design review leadership: Lead and contribute to cross-functional reviews ensuring robust, high-integrity engineering decisions
* Program execution: Manage project timelines, deliverables, and technical milestones to drive on-time, high-quality outcomes

### Required qualifications:

* You have a B.S. in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* You have 1+ years of experience as an Electrical Engineer
* You are experienced with: circuit design, schematic capture, component selection, circuit testing, and debugging
* You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others
* Familiarity with Altium or equivalent
* You have experience with lab equipment: oscilloscopes, power supplies, E-loads, multimeters, etc..

#LI-JM2

#LB

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
