---
title: Business Development Manager, Japan (R3905)
status: active
id: 6d6a32da-b985-45ea-adc2-1e67d4791f5a
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/6d6a32da-b985-45ea-adc2-1e67d4791f5a
lastmod: '2025-10-09T13:37:17.122000+00:00'
date: '2025-10-09T13:37:17.122000+00:00'
location: Tokyo
departments:
- International Business Development
offices:
- Tokyo
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

The International Business Development Manager will be responsible for building Shield AI’s business opportunities with a focus on order execution and growth in Japan. The ideal candidate will possess a deep understanding of Japan’s defense procurement process and demonstrate confidence in engaging with customers, representing Shield AI at industry events, and leading product demonstrations.  You will operate on a small team with a demanding work and travel schedule and a very high level of responsibility and accountability to perform and deliver results, with the opportunity to make an outsized impact and become a major contributor to the company.

### What You'll Do:

* Support the International Business Development Regional Director in executing Shield AI’s strategy and objectives.
* Engage with customers regularly to present and discuss Shield AI products (V-BAT, X-BAT, Hivemind Products, and ViDAR).
* Cultivate, nurture, and maintain strong relationships across the Japanese Government, military services, and defense industries to ensure engagements with key stakeholders
* Represent Shield AI at trade shows, exhibitions, and industry events, showcasing our technology and capabilities.
* Devise and coordinate marketing and government relations initiatives to increase Shield AI’s visibility and influence.
* Plan and execute product demonstrations for prospective customers and partners
* Customer interface with Embassy, MDAO, JMOD, ATLA, Government entities to include think tanks, academia, and local defense industry
* Work cross-functionally to address customer needs and provide tailored responses.
* Lead and coordinate proposal responses and follow through to contract award.
* Develop and implement offset strategies and identify and execute other U.S. defense prime offset obligations.
* Maintain accurate and up-to-date opportunity tracking in Salesforce and other business systems.

### Required Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent military education.
* Exceptional communicator: Fluent in both Japanese and English with strong written, verbal, and presentation skills and the ability to engage seamlessly at all levels of business and government.
* Charismatic leader who can motivate, inspire, and impart excitement about Shield AI’s mission, technology, and products with the desire to help build the defining defense technology company of this century.
* Thorough understanding of Japan military operations and acquisition processes with the ability to maintain strong customer relationships.
* Self-motivated and results-oriented, with a track record of meeting and exceeding critical goals and deadlines.
* Proven leadership and/or acquisition and operational experience within the U.S. DoD or international equivalents and demonstrated understanding of Japan Air, Ground, Maritime Self-Defense Force equivalent operational scenarios and systems.
* Technical knowledge within UAV and/or AI disciplines, or demonstrated ability to learn quickly.
* Willing and able to travel both domestically and internationally, frequently and without restriction, including to customer sites.
* Team-oriented with the ability to collaborate effectively while also being direct and forthright.
* Proficient in business systems and tools required for high-performance operations

### Preferred Qualifications:

* MBA or equivalent advanced degree is highly valued
* Prior strategy or business development experience in international defense markets.
* Business development experience in UAV, AI, or other defense-related technology contexts.
* Strong research and analysis skills.

Our international teammates receive a comprehensive total rewards package aligned to your country office location. For full details on compensation and benefits, please consult your talent acquisition partner.
