---
title: Staff Engineer, Electrical Integration & Test (R5204)
status: active
id: 77b463a8-a2bb-423e-952b-c9e63b45b0fa
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/77b463a8-a2bb-423e-952b-c9e63b45b0fa
lastmod: '2026-06-12T01:54:41.268000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T01:54:41.268000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Avionics
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

At Shield AI, we are revolutionizing defense technology to protect service members and civilians with intelligent, autonomous systems. Our Integration Test Engineering team plays a critical role in ensuring the X-BAT remains the most reliable, mission-ready UAV in the industry. We design cutting-edge test solutions—custom-built electrical and mechanical systems that push our hardware to its limits in real-world and extreme environments.

As a Senior Integration Engineer on our Test team, you will own the design and development of test systems that push our hardware to its limits. From specifying software and hardware architecture for test to writing code and designing circuits for custom interfaces, you’ll be at the forefront of ensuring the highest reliability in aerospace hardware. This is a high-impact role where your expertise in System Interconnect, Protocol and Behavioral analysis, and automation will help shape the future of intelligent defense systems.

### What you'll do:

* Lead the design, validation, and deployment of advanced test systems for X-BAT’s critical components and subsystems.
* Architect Test Framework Software and test interfaces for power electronics, compute complex, and communication systems.
* Build and maintain scalable test infrastructure and shared libraries, promoting modularity, reusability, and consistency across teams and platforms.
* Automate system provisioning and configuration management to accelerate deployment and maintenance of new test frameworks.
* Develop real-time monitoring and data visualization tools (e.g., Grafana) to deliver actionable insights during test execution and system debugging.
* Lead and participate in design and code reviews, championing sound architectural principles, testability, observability, and reliability throughout the software stack.
* Assure coverage of requirements while balancing exhaustive testing against minimum and sufficient checks as the product and testing mature.
* Own and drive cross-functional design reviews, advocating for design-for-testability (DFT) improvements.
* Work in partnership with HASS, ESS, and HALT testing, validating performance in simulated harsh environments.
* Be a technical mentor, guiding junior engineers and contributing to Shield AI’s growing expertise in system test engineering.
* Other duties as assigned.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related STEM field.
* 3+ years of industry experience in Software design and test engineering (or equivalent experience with advanced degrees).
* Deep expertise in electrical design, mechanical, and software engineering principles as applied to system test infrastructure.
* Experience with Linux including Bash scripting and networking.
* Ability to configure and maintain small computer networks.
* Proven ability to design, implement, and validate multidisciplinary test systems in a fast-paced, high-stakes environment.
* Track record of ownership—driving projects from concept to execution, delivering exceptional results.
* A team-first mindset, with high standards for yourself and others, and a passion for solving complex technical challenges.
* Track record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Comfort working with hardware, as the testcases you write will interface with circuit boards, motors, and sensors.
* Experience with Stell, JAMA, DOORS or other system requirements frameworks.
* Experience writing drivers for electronics test equipment.
* Hands-on experience with PCB design tools (Altium, KiCAD, Eagle) and CAD software (SolidWorks, NX, CATIA).
* Experience working in rugged, high-reliability industries like aerospace, defense, or automotive.
* Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to pivot quickly in dynamic, evolving environments.

#LI-DM2

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
