---
title: Staff Hardware Reliability Engineer
status: active
id: 88a4633a-d0b1-4025-b3ff-cb4c976fadc9
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/88a4633a-d0b1-4025-b3ff-cb4c976fadc9
lastmod: '2026-03-06T18:07:23.893000+00:00'
date: '2026-03-06T18:07:23.893000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Avionics
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

As a Hardware Reliability Engineer at Shield AI, you will be responsible for ensuring the robustness and long-term performance of our VBAT flight hardware. You’ll work closely with design, manufacturing, and supplier chain to implement design-for-reliability best practices and perform reliability verification from concept through production.

You will lead environmental and stress testing efforts, including temperature cycling, vibration, HALT, and HASS, conduct failure analysis and materials characterization, and analyze root cause investigations for manufacturing non-conformances and field returns. You’ll participate in design reviews and FMEA activities, shape material selection and manufacturing requirements, analyze test and field data using reliability modeling tools, and help develop corrective actions and process improvements that elevate hardware reliability across the program.

### What you'll do:

* You will be responsible for developing and implementing design-for-reliability best practices, conducting rigorous testing, shaping manufacturing requirements, selecting materials, and analyzing field data to enhance the robustness of VBAT hardware.
* Perform stress screening, environmental testing, and drive failure analysis to ensure flight hardware meets reliability and performance targets.
* Analyze designs and test results to identify potential failure modes and mitigations.
* Collaborate with design engineers to implement design for reliability best practices early in design.
* Act as a key stakeholder in reviewing and approving designs for release.
* Participate in design reviews and failure mode effects analysis (FMEA) to assess potential reliability issues.
* Investigate manufacturing non-conformances and field hardware failures to determine root cause.
* Travel as needed to perform deep dives into supplier processes.
* Develop and recommend corrective actions to address identified reliability issues.
* Utilize reliability modeling and simulation tools to predict system performance and lifespan.
* Stay current with industry trends, advancements, and best practices in hardware reliability engineering.
* Propose and implement process improvements to drive improvements in reliability across the program.

### Required qualifications:

* Technical background in materials science, electronics manufacturing processes (PCB fabrication and assembly), hardware reliability concepts, and environmental test practices.
* Candidate must be self-starting and come with a growth mindset, with excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Bachelor's degree in Materials Engineering preferred. Degrees in Mechanical OR Reliability Engineering also are acceptable.
* Familiarity with electronics (PCBs, PCBAs, electronic components) and moving mechanical assemblies.
* Team-player with clear and concise written and oral communication skills.
* Experience working with interdisciplinary teams to execute product design from concept to production.
* Experience with the project management of technical projects.
* Proficiency in Python, including NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, Plotly, and Matplotlib.
* Familiarity with relevant industry standards, including IPC, JEDEC, AIAA, AEC, MIL, and SMC standards.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Master's degree in Materials Engineering preferred. Degrees in Mechanical OR Reliability Engineering also are acceptable.
* 3+ years of experience in hardware reliability engineering, preferably with a focus on aerospace or automotive applications.
* Proficiency in failure analysis techniques and materials characterization methods
* Experience with environmental testing, including temperature cycling, vibration, highly accelerated limit testing (HALT), and highly-accelerated stress screening (HASS).
* Familiarity with PCB fabrication, SMT, and polymerics application manufacturing processes
* Significant knowledge of reliability engineering principles, methods, and tools

#LI-JM2

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
