---
title: Mechanical Engineering Sr. Manager - Avionics (R4416)
status: active
id: 8c9f2dfa-45e1-441b-8e58-c603f99c5d38
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/8c9f2dfa-45e1-441b-8e58-c603f99c5d38
lastmod: '2026-06-12T20:49:38.992000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T20:49:38.992000+00:00'
location: San Diego, California
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Mechanical
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
- San Diego, California
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

Shield AI is seeking an engineering manager of Mechanical Design to support the development of our next-generation autonomous UAV platform. In this high-ownership, high visibility role you will lead a team of engineers developing mechanical systems to support Shield AI’s next generation aircraft program(s).

You will work the director of engineering in a deputy capacity to support collaboration across engineering sites, align technical leaders, create mentorship opportunities for junior engineers, and assist in leveling engineering resources across vehicles and programs.

You will set the bar for excellence through technical demonstration, guidance, and mentorship.

### What you'll do:

* Lead a team designing complex electro-mechanical solutions for flight critical avionics systems. This includes packaging, electrical interconnects, thermal management, and integration of designs into the X-BAT aircraft
* Drive structural, thermal, and modal analyses for electromechanical systems to ensure survivability in harsh environments
* Work cross-functionally with electrical engineering, supply chain, supplier development engineering, manufacturing, and other mechanical engineering teams
* Ensure avionics meet performance, safety, environmental, and EMI/EMC compliance standards on a long-term path to airworthiness certification
* Lead by example - own work from design, verification, and through production

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Mechanical/Aerospace Engineering
* 10+ years of experience in mechanical & electrical equipment design for aerospace, including harness integration and mechanical component design
* Expertise in CAD software (NX, SolidWorks, CATIA, or similar) for 3D modeling, drawing creation, and system layout. Familiarity with eCAD software (Altium, Cadence, Allegro), and harness design software (Capital, Zuken)
* Experience working with electrical engineers to define PCB constraints, develop circuit cards, and care for all the mechanical interfaces
* Experience with finite element analysis (FEA), thermal analysis, and fatigue/lifecycle testing
* Experience working directly with fabrication shops, contract manufacturers, and suppliers.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, agile development environment with evolving priorities
* A demonstrated record of working hard, being trustworthy, holding yourself to high standards, and being kind to others
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

#LI-JM2

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
