---
title: Senior Engineer, Network Integration (R4926)
status: active
id: 90085b1f-299c-41fe-8a92-12e0c68c8b96
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/90085b1f-299c-41fe-8a92-12e0c68c8b96
lastmod: '2026-05-15T23:58:48.558000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-15T23:58:48.558000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking an experienced Senior Network Integration Engineer to engage in the design, implementation, and optimization of complex network infrastructures. This role requires deep expertise across network engineering, cybersecurity protocols, and server room / hardware infrastructure, with a strong ability to communicate and work on scalable, secure, and resilient systems.

The ideal candidate will operate in a hands-on manner, serving as a technical expert and a key decision-maker across network and infrastructure domains.

### What you'll do:

* Collaborate in architecture design, and deployment of enterprise-grade network infrastructure (LAN, WAN, cloud, and hybrid environments).
* Define and enforce network security architecture, ensuring compliance with cybersecurity standards and best practices
* Optimize & manage secure network topologies, including segmentation, firewalls, VPNs, and zero-trust models
* Develop server room infrastructure, including rack design, cabling, power, cooling, and hardware layout for high availability
* Collaborate with cybersecurity teams to implement threat detection, mitigation, and incident response strategies as well as apply STIGS
* Evaluate and select network and hardware technologies, vendors, and solutions
* Provide technical insight on X-BAT GCS Network architecture to cross-functional teams
* Develop network documentation, and execution roadmaps
* Ensure system scalability, reliability, and performance through proactive design and monitoring strategies
* Support troubleshooting and resolution of complex network and infrastructure issues

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Network Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related field
* 8+ years of experience in network engineering and architecture roles
* Deep knowledge of network protocols (TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, etc.)
* Strong expertise in cybersecurity frameworks and protocols (Zero Trust, NIST, ISO 27001, firewalls, IDS/IPS, encryption standards)
* Hands-on experience with enterprise networking hardware (routers, switches, firewalls, load balancers)
* Proven experience designing and managing data centers / server rooms, including physical infrastructure
* Experience with cloud networking (AWS, Azure, or GCP) and hybrid environments
* Strong understanding of high availability, redundancy, and disaster recovery architectures
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Industry certifications such as CCIE, CCNP, CISSP, or equivalent
* Experience modeling complex network systems in a modeling tool such as NX or SolidWorks.
* Experience designing architectures for classified networks.
* Experience with software-defined networking (SDN) and network automation
* Familiarity with DevOps and Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools (e.g., Terraform, Ansible)
* Knowledge of compliance requirements (e.g., FedRAMP, DoD, or other regulated environments)
* Experience supporting AI/ML, high-performance computing, or large-scale distributed systems

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
