---
title: Senior Engineer, Software Systems (R4903)
status: active
id: 9388629c-94b8-421a-a145-1ce83d74a10d
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/9388629c-94b8-421a-a145-1ce83d74a10d
lastmod: '2026-05-06T00:10:38.539000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-06T00:10:38.539000+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- System Design
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Dallas, Texas
- San Diego, California
- San Francisco, California
- United States
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a skilled Systems Engineer to join the Hivemind Solutions Systems Engineering team. In this role, the candidate will support the design, development, integration, and validation of complex systems leveraging the Hivemind autonomy software. This role requires a strong foundation in systems thinking, cross-functional collaboration, and the ability to translate stakeholder needs into robust technical solutions.

### What you'll do:

* Define, analyze, and manage system requirements, ensuring traceability and alignment with mission objectives
* Develop system architectures and perform trade studies to balance performance, cost, and risk
* Coordinate and manage interfaces across hardware, software, and external systems
* Support system integration, verification, and validation activities, including test planning and execution
* Identify technical risks and develop mitigation strategies throughout the system lifecycle

### Required qualifications:

* A minimum of 5 years of systems engineering or related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 4 years and a Master’s Degree; or 2 years with a PhD; or equivalent work experience
* B.S. degree in a STEM discipline (e.g. Software, Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical, Systems Engineering)
* Experience with Systems Engineering practices and principals, including writing, organizing, and verifying requirements
* Experience with MBSE and related efforts
* Experience working in cross-functional teams
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbally
* Organized and methodical
* Software engineer experience in C++ and/or Python
* Experience in reading, interpreting, and applying engineering drawings, including assembly drawings, parts lists, wiring diagrams, and schematics
* Demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others
* The ability to obtain and maintain a US Security Clearance. US Citizenship is required as only US citizens are eligible for a security clearance

### Preferred qualifications:

* Expertise with MBSE, inclusive of use of Cameo API and Velocity Template Language (VTL)
* Expertise with Requirement & Design decomposition
* Experience in any/all of the following: Autonomy, Aircraft, Unmanned Vehicles

#LI-DM2

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
