---
title: Senior Engineer, Mechanical Test (R5207)
status: active
id: 9464e0a2-af89-46ea-8a80-b390e1f9b857
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/9464e0a2-af89-46ea-8a80-b390e1f9b857
lastmod: '2026-06-12T02:01:42.852000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T02:01:42.852000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Mechanical
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Join a high-impact mechanical test team developing next-generation aircraft that support the safety of service members and civilians. This role drives hardware design decisions by quantifying product performance through advanced testing, custom measurement systems, and specialized analysis.

We are seeking a Structures / Mechanical Test Engineer with direct experience in advanced CAD and FEA analysis (e.g. Siemens NX), hydraulic systems, sensor instrumentation (force, pressure, strain, displacement), Python-based test automation to deliver measurable improvements in test quality, speed, and reliability.

### What you'll do:

* Design, build, and operate test fixtures and systems involving hydraulic actuation, mechanical linkages, and sensor instrumentation.
* Support hydraulic system design and test activities, including selection, integration, and troubleshooting of components such as valves, pumps, accumulators, actuators, fittings, hoses, and manifolds.
* Develop and execute test plans to validate mechanical performance, structural integrity, and environmental durability.
* Integrate and calibrate a range of sensors (e.g., load cells, pressure transducers, strain gauges, accelerometers) into test setups for accurate data collection.
* Create and maintain python scripts to provide automation, signal processing, and result visualization.
* Analyze test data, troubleshoot system behaviors, and generate detailed technical reports with design feedback.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including mechanical design, systems, and electrical engineering to define test requirements and interpret results.
* Lead CAD design of custom test equipment, prototypes, fixtures, and components, ensuring manufacturability and safety.
* Perform Finite Element Analysis to simulate mechanical performance, validate design assumptions, and correlate analytical results with test data.
* Work with composite materials in the design, fabrication, and testing of mechanical components, with consideration for their unique properties such as anisotropy, delamination risk, and layup configuration.
* Support lab safety protocols, equipment maintenance, and continuous improvement of test capabilities.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field.
* 6+ years of experience in mechanical/structures testing or product development environments.
* Deep experience with hydraulic systems, driving precise control, stable operation, and reliable data capture across complex test environment.
* Expertise in sensor selection, integration, and calibration in test environments, producing high-confidence data used to inform critical design decisions.
* Proficiency in Python for scripting, test automation, and data analysis.
* Advanced CAD skills (e.g. Siemens NX) with experience designing test hardware and prototypes.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and in team settings.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Comprehensive understanding of hydraulic schematics, pressure and flow characterization, leak detection methodologies, instrumentation, and the safe operation of pressurized hydraulic systems
* Experience working in aerospace structures and dynamics test environments with familiarity with test article preparation, sensor installation, data acquisition systems, reaction frame design, test readiness reviews, and post-test data analysis.

#LI-MS1

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
