---
title: Staff COMSEC Officer (R4904)
status: active
id: 987f06c0-683d-4b89-9095-a4f9401164f5
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/987f06c0-683d-4b89-9095-a4f9401164f5
lastmod: '2026-06-03T21:23:13.881000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-03T21:23:13.881000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Security
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a qualified and experienced COMSEC security specialist to fill the role of COMSEC Manager in support of multiple special access programs. As a COMSEC Manager, you will be responsible for managing, directing, administering, and developing procedures and executing a program to deploy classified networks required for assigned programs that have security requirements beyond the standard regulations outlined in 32 CFR Part 117.

Your primary responsibility will be to manage the company's COMSEC program. You will oversee the full lifecycle of the programs, ensuring strict adherence to applicable laws, Department of Defense (DoD) policies and requirements. As the primary interface with government agencies regarding program security matters and requirements, you will play a crucial role in representing our organization.

Your duties will include managing COMSEC compliance, managing COMSEC for deployed networks, ensure COMSEC is compatible with network paths, and coordinate with applicable USG counterparts to maintain connectivity.

### What you'll do:

**COMSEC Management:**

* Perform program security administrative tasks, including filing, updating logs/lists, coordinating with internal and external customers, and managing supplies.
* Maintain COMSEC administrative records.
* Develop COMSEC training and maintain personnel COMSEC briefings.
* Conduct internal self-inspections and assist with Staff Assistance Visits and Customer Security Assessments.
* Maintain classified material accountability records, including inventory lists, receipt and transmittal records, and final disposition documentation.
* Perform Cryptonet management activities.
* Maintain up to date software, keys, and hardware for classified systems.
* Review operational requirements and system specification documents to address and incorporate applicable security requirements into security processes.
* Manage all logistics of managing, deploying, and transporting requirements of COMSEC material.
* Investigate and document security violations/incidents, providing recommendations for corrective actions to program personnel/management.
* Attend, support, and participate in program meetings, staff meetings, teleconferences, etc.
* Respond to walk-in customers and provide ad hoc security services as required
* Maintain formal initial and recurring security education and training materials/events.
* Manage all trouble shooting aspects of COMSEC material

**Physical Security:**

* Ensure networking rooms have the appropriate infrastructure to handle COMSEC
* Provide input to Fixed Facility Checklist, TEMPEST checklists when related to COMSEC connections.
* Strong physical security experience with network rooms red/black separation requirements.

**Cybersecurity / Assessment & Authorization (A&A):**

* Provide necessary support to the Information Assurance team in the implementation and maintenance of classified information systems accredited under the Assessment & Authorization (A&A) process.
* Participate in the planning for new classified information systems and support the Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) in developing System Security Plans.
* Manage all COMSEC related tasks for classified systems.

### Required qualifications:

* DoD Special Access Programs experience required.
* 3-6 years' security administration experience required.
* Candidate must have demonstrated customer support, interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills.
* Previous experience as a COMSEC account manager, Alternate Custodian, or in an Information Assurance role. Familiarity with Key Management Infrastructure (KMI) or Electronic Key Management System (EKMS).
* Security Clearance: DOD Top Secret / with SCI eligibility required.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Education: Bachelor’s college degree and/or military experience preferred but not required. A combination of education, training, certification and/or experience that provides the requisite knowledge, skills and abilities may be substituted for the degree.

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
