---
title: Senior Bid Manager
status: active
id: 9b3d05a1-dfd9-4da3-bf64-fed45e620047
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/9b3d05a1-dfd9-4da3-bf64-fed45e620047
lastmod: '2026-06-16T17:48:39.031000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-16T17:48:39.031000+00:00'
location: Athens
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Athens
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The primary responsibility of this role is leading and managing international and U.S. federal government and commercial Bids/Proposals and other related BD Ops deliverables (e.g., ROM pricing estimates, RFI responses, and white papers) in support of Shield AI’s Europe/Africa (EURAF) Go To Market (GTM) team.

The ideal candidate will have leadership experience and possess excellent communication (technical writing experience preferred) and coordination skills to drive cross-functional collaboration across Shield AI product lines and geographic regions. The International Business Development Operations (Int’l BD Ops) team is seeking a candidate who thrives in a dynamic environment and is eager to join a rapidly scaling, nontraditional defence contractor.

### What you'll do:

* Manage competing priorities across proposal and other deliverable (WPs, RFIs, ROMs, etc.) development in the fast-paced environment of the Int’l BD Ops team.
* Lead end-to-end proposal execution from pre-RFP planning through submission and closeout.
* Drive cross-functional proposal teams to deliver compliant, high-quality submissions on schedule.
* Continuously improve proposal processes, tools, templates, and best practices.
* Mentor proposal contributors and foster high-performing, collaborative teams.
* Support EUAF GTM team with briefing and presentation development for customer engagements.
* Support customer meetings, demonstrations, and GTM events as required.
* Provide additional support to BD Ops and GTM team leadership as needed.

### What we're looking for:

* Confident team leader: Lead global proposal efforts, align stakeholders, and communicate key customer, market, and BD strategy insights.
* Strong communicator: Strong oral and written communication skills. (Technical writing experience preferred.) Strong presentation skills. Ability to communicate seamlessly at all levels of Shield AI and customer organizations
* Attention to detail in a fast-paced environment: Be rigorous and go fast is one of Shield AI’s leadership traits and, possibly, the most relevant one for BD Ops. Our ideal candidate must always work with efficiency and a keen attention to detail. Both are critical to supporting on time, compliant Bids/Proposals and related deliverables.
* Organization and time management: Strong organizational and time management skills enabling the tracking and execution of multiple workstreams with stakeholders across Shield AI.
* Extreme ownership: BD Ops serves as the primary cross-functional lead for Bids/Proposals across product lines and geographic regions. We manage the proposal lifecycle from start to finish including kickoff, collaboration with stakeholders, color reviews, and management reviews with senior leaders/executives. We are ultimately responsible for everything that does or does not happen in the Bid/Proposal process.
* Team-first mentality: The ideal candidate will demonstrate the ability to be flexible, work hard, hold themself and others to high standards, embrace teammates, and act with kindness.

### Required qualifications:

* 4-6+ years of international government proposal development or BD operations experience.
* In lieu of direct government proposal experience, have 5+ years of experience working with U.S. Federal or International government requirements.
* Bachelor's degree in business, communication, marketing, engineering, or equivalent industry experience.
* Outstanding record of academic achievement.
* Experience with proposal methodologies (e.g. Shipley), compliance matrices, and implementing project management tools and processes.
* Proven record of leadership in a professional setting.
* Ability to communicate complex, technical ideas effectively – both orally and in writing.
* Ability to work collaboratively and flexibly as part of a team, embrace the startup environment.
* Ability to work effectively with people at all levels of an organization.
* Demonstrated record of hard work, trustworthiness, holding oneself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience managing Foreign Military Sale and Direct Commercial Sale bids/proposals.
* Strong technical background especially with unmanned/uncrewed systems and/or autonomy software.
* Demonstrated understanding and knowledge of military operations and Europe / Africa defence acquisition processes.
* Understanding of international markets/geopolitical trends in aerospace / defense industry.

#LI-LD2

#LD

Our international teammates receive a comprehensive total rewards package aligned to your country office location. For full details on compensation and benefits, please consult your talent acquisition partner.
