---
title: Senior Staff Engineer, Composites
status: active
id: 9dcc940c-7ba0-421f-95b2-ef7be122d207
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/9dcc940c-7ba0-421f-95b2-ef7be122d207
lastmod: '2026-01-07T03:59:35.043000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-07T03:59:35.043000+00:00'
location: Hyderabad
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Hyderabad
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Supplier Development Engineer to join Shield AI, focusing on mechanical components (e.g., composites, 3D printed, injection molded, and machined parts) and engines. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in supplier development, quality engineering, production process improvement, and supply chain management within the aerospace industry. This role is critical in enhancing supplier performance by solving supplier challenges that impact quality/on-time delivery/scaling, supporting the onboarding of suppliers to new designs, and delivering on our mission to deliver affordable and autonomous mass at scale.

### What you'll do:

* Process Improvement: Audit and embed into core supplier processes to understand improvement opportunities to cost, lead-times, and quality
* Quality Assurance: Conduct on-site audits to root cause supplier quality issues or performance challenges
* Supplier Development: Assess and improve supplier capabilities, ensuring alignment with engineering and operational priorities.
* Engineering Technical Support: Provide technical guidance to suppliers on part specifications, manufacturing processes and standards, and quality measures
* Supplier Performance Monitoring: Track and analyze supplier performance metrics, including delivery, quality, and cost. Implement corrective actions and continuous improvement plans as necessary.
* Risk Management: Identify and mitigate risks within the supply chain to ensure uninterrupted production and delivery of components
* New Product Introduction (NPI): Support the introduction of new products by ensuring suppliers meet all quality and delivery requirements during the development phase

### Required qualifications:

* 7+ years of experience in a mechanical hardware manufacturing and/or manufacturing engineering role (ideal focus around composite manufacturing and injection molding)
* Ability to analyze and explain 2D drawings and critical features of mechanical components
* Ability to travel to domestic and international suppliers ~50%+ of time

#LI-LD2

#LE

Total package details for U.S. based positions:

- Regular employee positions: Salary within range listed above + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

- Temporary employee positions: Hourly within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days

of employment)

- Interns/Military Fellows/Part-time not eligible for bonus, benefits or equity

Total package details for International positions which are roles based outside of the United States (where applicable):

- International premium, hardship differential, cost of living differential, living quarters allowance, foreign service transfer

allowance, equity, international benefits, visa assistance, and relocation assistance.

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check.

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
