---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Hardware Test (R4978)
status: active
id: a6b11a01-e749-4b1a-90a4-828524ceb7a0
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/a6b11a01-e749-4b1a-90a4-828524ceb7a0
lastmod: '2025-10-21T13:36:00.685000+00:00'
date: '2025-10-21T13:36:00.685000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Hardware Test
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

Shield AI’s mission is to protect the lives of service members and civilians with intelligent systems. The Hardware Test Engineering team contributes to this effort by designing test solutions that drive high hardware reliability on our V-BAT vehicle. These solutions are in-house designed electrical and mechanical equipment used to perform component and system-level testing, both at ambient and in simulated harsh environmental conditions.

In this role you will develop software that automates hardware testing, integrates test results with existing manufacturing software, create software infrastructure for scaling test automation to dozens of test stands, and create and manage databases for logging test results. Help us save lives as we strive to deliver the most highly reliable aerospace hardware in the industry.

### What you'll do:

* Architect, design, and develop software drivers and interfaces in Python for hardware systems, including PCBAs, avionics, sensors, and automated test equipment.
* Design and implement automated test frameworks to validate aircraft components and subsystems, ensuring scalability, reliability, and repeatability across multiple programs.
* Develop and evolve CI/CD pipelines that enable continuous integration, automated validation, and seamless deployment of test stand software.
* Build and maintain scalable test infrastructure and shared libraries, promoting modularity, reusability, and consistency across teams and platforms.
* Automate system provisioning and configuration management to accelerate deployment and maintenance of new test stands and test environments.
* Develop real-time monitoring and data visualization tools (e.g., Grafana) to deliver actionable insights during test execution and system debugging.
* Lead and participate in design and code reviews, championing sound architectural principles, testability, observability, and reliability throughout the software stack.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with hardware, systems, and QA teams to integrate software and test capabilities into broader aircraft validation workflows.
* Other duties as assigned.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related STEM field.
* Mastery of fundamental computer science topics.
* Advanced skillset for developing software in Python.
* Experience with Linux including Bash scripting and networking.
* Ability to configure and maintain small computer networks.
* Experience working on complex software development projects, which can be from an internship, job, club, team, personal project, etc…
* Demonstrated history of showing ownership of project outcomes and delivering exceptional results.
* Record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Comfort working with hardware, as the testcases you write will interface with circuit boards, motors, and sensors.
* Mastery of fundamental engineering concepts including EE, Mech E, Programming, Physics, and Mathematics.
* Experience writing drivers for electronics test equipment.
* Demonstrated adaptability, agility, and the ability to innovate under pressure to meet dynamic project demands and drive successful outcomes.

#LI-JM2

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
