---
title: Sr. Director Program Management - Strategic Systems (R4980)
status: active
id: b0cef3dd-9468-4d89-a8ea-39453ba72353
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/b0cef3dd-9468-4d89-a8ea-39453ba72353
lastmod: '2026-06-15T23:34:56.011000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-15T23:34:56.011000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Leadership
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The Senior Director of Program Management will be responsible for the shaping and execution of a portfolio of programs at the cutting edge of Shield AI’s Hivemind business.  The selected candidate will direct internal investment projects to align with Product Roadmaps and achieve growth in emerging domains.  They will manage active contracts and ensure continued on-time, on-target deliveries, and be accountable for excellence in execution.

The selected candidate will manage a team of Technical Program Managers to execute internally funded product development and customer-funded delivery programs.  They will define the required resources to transition new products to market and ensure the execution of product development roadmaps.  The selected candidate will work closely with Product and Engineering leadership to grow the Hivemind business across multiple new domains.

### What You'll Do:

* Ensure all program elements are flawlessly executed
* Deliver exceptional, proven, and reliable performance in support of customer and end-user’s needs through execution of each phase (Initiation, Planning, Execution, Monitoring, Closure) of Shield AI’s programs.
* Support internal team and customer relationships
* Facilitate execution and address or escalate issues for programs, projects, and operational performance.
* Own development and ongoing execution of project plans, scope, schedule, and management, astutely evaluating the balance and re-balance the often-shifting customer cost, schedule, and technical parameters/priorities of each program as it progresses during the overall life cycle.
* Develop and maintain effective relationships with a broad range of stakeholders including managers, customers, key partners and suppliers, both locally and internationally. Be able to operate and make decisions that reflect cultural nuances and overarching political and/or military factors.
* Drive the accurate and timely tracking and reporting of internal budget, resource, and project management standard metrics
* Drive the accurate and timely tracking and reporting of all customer or end user contractually required deliverables
* Drive a consistent cadence of well-organized, well-facilitated, and effective meetings, including preparation and follow up activities
* Complete critical path analyses including the evaluation of potential means to accelerate the pace or mitigate identified risks
* Identify potential bottlenecks or delays in programs and drive efforts to achieve schedule milestones.
* Support business development efforts as they develop & evolve from current programs and related opportunities, including requests for tender, proposal, or information, expressions of interest, and unsolicited offers.

### Required Qualifications:

* Experience delivering new development products to an operational environment.
* Experience sustaining software-centric products.
* Exceptional interpersonal skills (verbal and written) and ability to lead by influence and collaboration.
* Proven experience driving complex program execution and ability to focus on long-term business objectives.
* Experience with Earned Value and managing Gate Reviews, Estimates at Completion (EACs) and Program Management Reviews (PMRs).
* Experience in technical program management and ability to run multiple projects.
* Expert understanding of complex project financials.

### Preferred Qualfications:

* Experience in software development
* Experience in autonomy development
* DoD contracting experience

#LI-KK1  
#LG

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
