---
title: Senior Contracts Manager (R4378)
status: active
id: b2817f5b-22bd-4dbc-9955-64267aa2fb2b
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/b2817f5b-22bd-4dbc-9955-64267aa2fb2b
lastmod: '2026-01-06T13:21:41.704000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-06T13:21:41.704000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Contracts
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

We are seeking a detail-oriented and highly motivated Contracts Manager to join our team supporting defense contracting operations. In this role, you will be responsible for the preparation, negotiation, and management of contracts to ensure compliance with federal regulations and company policies. This position requires an individual with strong knowledge of Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and other relevant regulations.

### Projects you may support

* Helpingthe business development team drive customer growth by working to execute both new and existing contracts.
* Drafting Memorandums of Understanding, Teaming Agreements, Statements of Work and Requests for Proposals.
* Administrationof large contracts and lead key negotiations.
* Providing support to supply chain by guiding and drafting terms and conditions for subcontracts and suppliers.
* Collaboration with internal teams to align transactions with Shield AI strategic objectives
* Alert Counsel when identifying risks and compliance with various regulations.

### Key Responsibilities

* Prepare, review, and negotiate contracts, subcontracts, and other agreements to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
* Administer government contracts, including monitoring performance, ensuring compliance, and managing modifications or amendments.
* Analyze contract terms and conditions to identify risks and recommend mitigating strategies.
* Serve as the primary point of contact for contractual matters with clients, subcontractors, and internal stakeholders.
* Ensure timely and accurate reporting and documentation of contract-related activities.
* Collaborate with legal, finance, and project teams to address contractual issues and resolve disputes.
* Monitor and ensure compliance with FAR, DFARS, ITAR, and other applicable regulations.
* Understanding of and ability to identify and assert appropriate data rights in technical data or computer software.
* Support proposal development, including preparing relevant contract documentation and other supporting documents necessary for submitting a compliant proposal.
* Maintain organized records of all contract-related documentation.

### Required Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Contracts Management, or a related field.
* 8 - 12 years of experience in contract management, preferably in a defense contracting environment providing cradle-to-grave contract administration support for CPAF, CPFF, FFP and T&M government contracts.
* Strong knowledge of FAR, DFARS, OTAs, ITAR, and government procurement processes.
* Experience negotiating complex terms and conditions and managing government contracts.
* Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to work independently as well as support multiple stakeholders in a rapid pace environment.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook).
* US citizenship is required with an active Secret Clearance or higher.

### Preferred Qualifications

* Masters Degree in Business Administration or a related field
* Certification in Contracts Management (e.g., CPCM, CFCM, or similar)
* Experience with software development contracts and software licensing instruments

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
