---
title: Senior Staff Engineer, Software Embedded Applications (R5068)
status: active
id: b35f5f09-84ca-494b-aa64-9689325638cc
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/b35f5f09-84ca-494b-aa64-9689325638cc
lastmod: '2026-05-28T00:10:49.054000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T00:10:49.054000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking for skilled, experienced embedded software engineers with relevant experience in C++ in embedded systems to join our X-BAT Embedded Software Team focused on developing complex avionics software that merges hardware and embedded applications for cutting-edge Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV).

The Embedded Software Engineer works with in a high pace environment with a cross-functional team of program stakeholders, electrical engineers, Guidance, Navigation and Controls (GNC) engineers, systems engineers, test engineers and the autonomy team, to design and develop software systems which utilize modern aerospace sensors, state-of-the-art UAV avionics.

### What you’ll do:

* Develop high-quality C/C++ code tailored specifically for X-Bat aircraft, ensuring optimal performance, reliability, and safety.
* Leading cross-functional teams to create systems of software features to implement advanced robotic avionics capabilities.
* Own complex software capabilities from design to production.
* Leads architecture initiatives , design, and code reviews.
* Integrate software from multiple departments to include firmware, software test and verification, Autonomy AI, and Ground Control Stations (GCS)
* Develop software systems to implement and integrate interfaces to modern avionics sensors, sub-systems, and payloads
* Leads the design process for updates to the software system architecture
* Use modern software development tools and processes to capture our existing architecture and design future architectures
* Collaborating to define and extend systems engineering processes
* Report status, risks, accomplishments, expectations to senior leadership
* Design and implement systems capable of conducting tests across various environments, including virtualized hardware and hardware-in-the-loop simulations, to facilitate thorough evaluation of software functionality and performance.
* Develop innovative tools to enhance the frequency and reliability of software deployment, test execution, and data analysis within a continuous integration and release system, fostering improved efficiency and productivity in software development workflows.
* Create prototypes to validate critical design concepts and assess technical limitations, providing tangible evidence of feasibility and informing decision-making processes.

### Required qualifications:

* Strong embedded software development (from BSP to complex applications) experience in C/C++.
* Strong understanding of Oriented Object Programming and modern C++ features.
* Strong knowledge of embedded software, BSPs or other systems software components.
* Strong understanding of computer architecture, operating systems, and network protocols fundamentals.
* Demonstrated track record of assuming ownership over development processes and features and delivering outstanding outcomes.
* Experience producing high-quality technical documentation, including architecture, detailed designs, and test plans.
* Proven track record of successfully shipping products, showcasing the ability to navigate through development cycles, overcome obstacles, and deliver high-quality solutions to meet project deadlines and exceed client expectations in a fast-paced environment
* Proactively identify opportunities for improvement within software development projects, demonstrating initiative to propose and implement innovative solutions that enhance efficiency, quality, and overall project success and X-Bat reliability
* B.S., M.S, PhD degree in Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science or STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) discipline, such as Aerospace, Mechanical, or Electrical Engineering
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Proven background in thriving within fast-paced environments, within startup or R&D settings.
* Proven experience in development of military aircrafts.
* Compliance with DO-178C
* Demonstrated adaptability, agility, and the ability to innovate under pressure to meet dynamic project demands and drive successful outcomes.
* Familiar with FPGA development using SystemVerilog.
* Real Time Operating System (RTOS) experience.

#LI-SM1

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
