---
title: Senior Staff Network Engineer (R4843)
status: active
id: b63b3f50-9b7b-42c0-8a9d-f3ba4ed1f099
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/b63b3f50-9b7b-42c0-8a9d-f3ba4ed1f099
lastmod: '2026-04-25T04:07:02.952000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-25T04:07:02.952000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Position Overview:

We are seeking a highly experienced Senior Staff Network Engineer to lead the design, implementation, and optimization of complex network infrastructures. This role requires deep expertise across network engineering, cybersecurity protocols, base media development and server room / hardware infrastructure, with a strong ability to architect scalable, secure, and resilient systems.

The ideal candidate will operate at a strategic level while remaining hands-on, serving as a technical expert and key decision-maker across network, base media and infrastructure domains.

### Key Responsibilities

+ Define, decompose, allocate and implement cyber security requirements into system architecture.

+ Define and enforce network security architecture, ensuring compliance with cybersecurity standards and best practices.

+ Develop documentation for installations and configurations required to obtain Authorizations to Operate (ATOs).

+ Design and optimize secure network topologies, including segmentation, firewalls, VPNs, and zero-trust models.

+ Design & oversee server room infrastructure, including rack design, cabling, power, cooling, and hardware layout for high availability.

+ Develop Base Media solutions that enable execution of Plans of Actions and Milestones (POAMs) to mitigate cyber risks.

+ Collaborate with cybersecurity teams to implement threat detection, mitigation, and incident response strategies.

+ Evaluate and select network and hardware technologies, vendors, and solutions.

+ Develop network standards, documentation, and architectural roadmaps.

+ Ensure system scalability, reliability, and performance through proactive design and monitoring strategies.

+ Support troubleshooting and resolution of complex network and infrastructure issues.

+ Lead the architecture, design, and deployment of enterprise-grade network infrastructure (LAN, WAN, cloud, and hybrid environments).

### Required qualifications:

+ This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a DoD government clearance at the Secret level

+ Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related  IT field

+ 8+ years of experience in platform engineering, cyber, network engineering and architecture roles

+ Strong expertise in Cyber best practice security concepts, models, and methods (e.g., zero trust architecture and maturity model, advanced

+ Hands-on experience with networking hardware (routers, switches, firewalls, load balancers)

+ Proven experience designing and managing server rooms, including physical infrastructure

+ Working knowledge of containers and securing the infrastructure through the cloud

+ Strong understanding of DoD cybersecurity infrastructures and experience researching new Cybersecurity capabilities and performing trade studies

+ Experience working in Network Engineering/ Base Media Development for UAV C2 Systems or similar applications

+ Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### Preferred qualifications:

+ Industry certifications such as CCIE, CCNP, CISSP, or equivalent

+ Experience designing architectures for classified networks.

+ Experience with software-defined networking (SDN) and network automation

+ Familiarity with DevOps and Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools (e.g., Terraform, Ansible)

+ Experience modeling complex network systems in a modeling tool such as NX or SolidWorks.

+ Knowledge of compliance requirements (e.g. DoD, or other regulated environments)

#LI-AA1

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
