---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer, Hardware Test (R5099)
status: active
id: b81393b6-99fe-415c-b29e-f6fc94c9c97f
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/b81393b6-99fe-415c-b29e-f6fc94c9c97f
lastmod: '2026-07-02T15:42:55.006000+00:00'
date: '2026-07-02T15:42:55.006000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Hardware Test
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

At Shield AI, we are revolutionizing defense technology to protect service members and civilians with intelligent, autonomous systems. Our Hardware Test Engineering team plays a critical role in ensuring the V-BAT remains the most reliable, mission-ready UAV in the industry. We design cutting-edge test solutions—custom-built electrical and mechanical systems that push our hardware to its limits in real-world and extreme environments.

As a Senior Electrical Engineer on our Hardware Test team, you will own the design and development of test systems that push our hardware to its limits. From designing custom PCBs and automated test sequences to developing electrical and mechanical test stands, you’ll be at the forefront of ensuring the highest reliability in aerospace hardware. This is a high-impact role where your expertise in power electronics, RF, communications, and automation will help shape the future of intelligent defense systems.

### What you'll do:

* Lead the design, validation, and deployment of advanced test systems for V-BAT’s critical components and subsystems.
* Architect PCBs and test interfaces for power electronics, RF, and communication systems.
* Develop automated test sequences in Python, ensuring scalability, efficiency, and repeatability.
* Design and integrate custom test fixtures, including relays, PLCs, PCBAs, and harnessing.
* Own and drive cross-functional design reviews, advocating for design-for-testability (DFT) improvements.
* Work hands-on with HASS, ESS, and HALT testing, validating performance in simulated harsh environments.
* Be a technical mentor, guiding junior engineers and contributing to Shield AI’s growing expertise in hardware test engineering.
* Other duties as assigned.

### Required qualifications:

* B.S. in Electrical Engineering or related STEM field.
* 3+ years of industry experience in hardware design and test engineering (or equivalent experience with advanced degrees).
* Deep expertise in electrical design, mechanical, and software engineering principles as applied to hardware test systems.
* Proven ability to design, implement, and validate multidisciplinary hardware systems in a fast-paced, high-stakes environment.
* Track record of ownership—driving projects from concept to execution, delivering exceptional results.
* A team-first mindset, with high standards for yourself and others, and a passion for solving complex technical challenges.
* Track record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Proficiency in Python or another scripting language for test automation.
* Hands-on experience with PCB design tools (Altium, KiCAD, Eagle) and CAD software (SolidWorks, NX, CATIA).
* Experience working in rugged, high-reliability industries like aerospace, defense, or automotive.
* Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to pivot quickly in dynamic, evolving environments.

#LI-JM2

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
