---
title: Senior Proposal Manager (R5381)
status: active
id: bccc1690-c724-4677-82e9-c37917ba692f
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/bccc1690-c724-4677-82e9-c37917ba692f
lastmod: '2026-07-23T19:05:41.229000+00:00'
date: '2026-07-23T19:05:41.229000+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- San Diego, California
- United States
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The primary function of this role is the leading and managing of Software proposals and Purchase agreements for Domestic and International customers. In addition to managing proposals, the BD Ops team is looking for this candidate to have strong understanding of AI and robotics technology and software products. In this capacity the proposal manager will be able to support our growing number of cost proposal submissions and mange, write, and respond to requests for information (RFIs).

### What you'll do:

* Take extreme ownership of assigned proposal efforts for the product line.
* Manage multiple competing priorities in a dynamic, fast-paced environment including proposal management, technical content generation, and process improvement.
* Develop strategies that result in high quality, compliant and compelling proposals.
* Serve as the primary cross-functional owner of each proposal at all levels of the organization.
* Manage Project lifecycle from start to finish including kickoff, collaboration with stakeholders, leadership reviews.
* Maintain strict configuration management of all documentation.
* Develop compliance matrices to document solicitation requirements and ensure compliant proposals are submitted to a customer.
* Manage and author technical content for requests for information, abstracts, and quad charts.
* Support Account Executives to close deals and grow revenue by managing and driving critical business development operations.
* Work closely with BD, marketing, engineering, program, and product management teams to ensure proposal compliance for the technical, management, pricing, and past performance sections are

### Required qualifications:

* 3-5+ years of proposal management experience plus experience working with government and International customers.
* Bachelor's degree in business, marketing, engineering or equivalent industry experience.
* Exposure to proposal methodologies (e.g. Shipley).
* Outstanding record of academic achievement.
* Demonstrated aptitude for analytics.
* Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities.
* Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills.
* Ability to author technical content for requests for information, abstracts, and quad charts.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
* Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization.
* Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively – both verbally and in writing.
* You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience managing Commercial proposals and agreements
* Strong understanding of AI and robotics technology
* Familiarity with software products.
* Strong technical background especially with Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs).
* You have demonstrated thorough understanding and knowledge of the military operations and the acquisition process that allows you to maintain strong customer relations.
* Demonstrated understanding of specific DoD operational scenarios and systems.
* Eligible for Secret+ security clearance.

#LI-KC5

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
