---
title: Senior Engineer, Aerospace (R5002)
status: active
id: bfaad59d-1648-41f7-80a9-f94cd857c968
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/bfaad59d-1648-41f7-80a9-f94cd857c968
lastmod: '2026-05-23T00:27:51.190000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-23T00:27:51.190000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Flight Sciences
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The Flight Sciences team at Shield AI integrates stability & control, aerodynamics, performance, and aero-propulsion to redefine the limits of unmanned aviation. As a member of this team, you will bridge the gap between theoretical design and flight testing. We aren't just analyzing data; we are building the future of autonomous flight. If you thrive in high-tempo, collaborative environments where your work moves quickly from concept to reality, we want you on our team.

### What you'll do:

* **Drive Wind Tunnel Testing:** Play a key role in supporting an aggressive wind tunnel test campaign by defining requirements, overseeing model fabrication, and developing run plans that yield actionable aerodynamic insights.
* **Develop High-Fidelity Models:** Synthesize wind tunnel and numerical data into comprehensive aerodynamic models (including propulsion, hinge moment, and flexibility effects) used across the enterprise for mission-critical simulation and analysis.
* **Enable Safe Separation:** Develop the specialized tools and methodologies required for internal and external stores separation analysis.
* **Integrate Air Data Systems:** Partner with cross-disciplinary teams to define sensor locations, system architecture and calibration algorithms that meet accuracy and redundancy requirements
* **Create System Level Solutions:** Solve multifaceted design challenges by collaborating with structures, avionics, and propulsion teams to create highly optimized, balanced solutions.

### Required qualifications:

* **Education:** B.S. in Aerospace or Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent technical field).
* **Core Expertise:** 3+ years of experience in Stability & Control, with a mastery of aerodynamics, 6DOF model development, and flying qualities analysis.
* **Testing Background:** Proven experience in wind tunnel testing and translating experimental data into simulation environments.
* **Character:** A demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to a high standard, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* **Computational Efficiency:** Proficiency in developing custom software or scripting (e.g., MATLAB, Python) to automate workflows and maximize team throughput.
* **Advanced Control Systems:** Experience with optimization of aircraft planforms and control suite which provide adequate stability and maneuverability, particularly for tailless aircraft or non-traditional configurations.
* **Propulsion Integration:** Expertise in the unique stability and control challenges associated with high-performance aero-propulsion integration.
* **Problem Solving:** A proven ability to take on complex, ill-defined assignments and deliver creative, "best-value" engineering solutions.

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
