---
title: Senior Staff Engineer, Aerospace (R5082)
status: active
id: c58ec77c-cc6d-4f11-9299-f108c490ef8a
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/c58ec77c-cc6d-4f11-9299-f108c490ef8a
lastmod: '2026-05-28T01:38:06.381000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T01:38:06.381000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Flight Sciences
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The Flight Sciences team at Shield AI integrates stability & control, aerodynamics, performance, and aero-propulsion to redefine the limits of unmanned aviation. As a member of this team, you will bridge the gap between theoretical design and flight testing. We aren't just analyzing data; we are building the future of autonomous flight. If you thrive in high-tempo, collaborative environments where your work moves quickly from concept to reality, we want you on our team.

### What you'll do:

* **Flying Qualities Analysis:** Work closely with the Guidance and Control (GNC) team to optimize control usage and verify the X-BAT flying qualities are suitable for the intended mission.
* **Lead Flying Qualities Flight Test:** Coordinate with other flight sciences disciplines, and Test & Evaluation team, to develop an integrated test approach that results in certification of the X-BAT in a safe and efficient manner.
* **Integrate Air Data Systems:** Partner with cross-disciplinary teams to define sensor locations, system architecture and calibration algorithms that meet accuracy and redundancy requirements
* **Spearhead Aero Model Validation:** Champion the development of tools and flight test aids that will be used to update/validate aerodynamic models using flight test results.
* **Support Wind Tunnel Testing and Aero Model Development:** Work with a team of flight sciences engineers to plan and execute a variety of wind tunnel tests and integrate the results into a 6DOF Aerodynamic database.

### Required qualifications:

* **Education:** B.S. in Aerospace or Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent technical field).
* **Core Expertise:** 15+ years of experience in Stability & Control, with specific expertise in flying qualities analysis, flight test planning/execution and requirements compliance.
* **Flight Test Expertise:** Extensive experience with all phases of flight test including planning, cross discipline integration, control room procedures, execution and final certification.
* **Software Proficiency:** Ability to develop customized tools that can be used for flying qualities analysis, plotting and simulation.
* **Character:** A demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to a high standard, and being kind to others.

### Preferred qualifications:

* **Advanced Control Systems:** Expert level understanding of the dependencies between the control laws and the fundamental stability and control characteristics of the aircraft.
* **Full Life Cycle Experience:** First-hand knowledge of the steps required to take a high performance military aircraft from preliminary design through flight test.
* **Collaborative Problem Solving:** A proven ability to work closely with others.

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
