---
title: Staff Engineer, Integration Manufacturing (R5187)
status: active
id: c9a72861-46e8-4279-a99e-30a244351e79
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/c9a72861-46e8-4279-a99e-30a244351e79
lastmod: '2026-06-12T01:25:53.982000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T01:25:53.982000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Manufacturing Engineering
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a highly cross-functional **Staff Integration Advance Manufacturing Engineer** to lead final system integration and production readiness activities for complex aerospace and defense platforms. This role is responsible for ensuring successful integration of electrical, mechanical, propulsion, and mission systems into complete operational vehicles and assemblies.

The ideal candidate has broad multidisciplinary manufacturing experience and thrives in highly integrated production environments.

### What you'll do:

* Lead manufacturing integration activities across electrical, mechanical, propulsion, and vehicle systems
* Develop and optimize final assembly and integration processes
* Coordinate system-level builds, integration sequencing, and production flow planning
* Partner with design engineering to improve manufacturability, reliability, testability, and producibility
* Drive root cause investigations and corrective actions for integration and assembly issues
* Develop work instructions, quality standards, and inspection methods
* Lead DFM/DFA reviews and transition new products into manufacturing
* Support system integration, validation, and troubleshooting activities
* Define manufacturing standards, process controls, and acceptance criteria
* Support failure analysis and reliability improvement initiatives
* Collaborate with production, quality, supply chain, and test engineering teams
* Mentor junior manufacturing engineers

### Tools & skills:

* MES & QMS systems,
* 3DEXPERIENCE / Teamcenter (PLM) systems
* Supplier manufacturing processes
* 5S/visual management
* Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).

### Required qualifications:

* 7+ years of manufacturing engineering or systems integration experience
* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or related technical field
* Experience in prototype manufacturing in a startup or rapid-growth environment.
* Experience with:
* Electrical and mechanical integration
* Production operations
* Manufacturing process development
* DFM/DFA principles
* Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment and adapt to changing priorities.
* Knowledge of manufacturing process development and production scaling
* Strong understanding of DFM/DFA principles
* Experience with root cause analysis and corrective action methodologies

### Preferred qualifications;

* Aerospace or defense integration experience
* Experience supporting autonomous systems, UAVs, or advanced mobility platforms
* Familiarity with low-rate initial production (LRIP) and production scaling
* Experience with factory integration and manufacturing line design
* Experience with ERP/MES systems and manufacturing data analysis
* Strong project management skills, including experience managing multiple priorities and deadlines
* Knowledge of quality standards, such as AS9100 or ISO 9001
* Proficiency in CAD software

#LI-JM1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
