---
title: Supplier Development Engineer - Electronics (R4560)
status: active
id: cf0f2076-a481-4b1a-8a37-39979abb98e6
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/cf0f2076-a481-4b1a-8a37-39979abb98e6
lastmod: '2024-08-30T20:39:39.795000+00:00'
date: '2024-08-30T20:39:39.795000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
- United States
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Supplier Development Engineer to join Shield AI, focusing on electrical components/PCBA. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in supplier development, quality engineering, production process improvement, and supply chain management within the aerospace industry. This role is critical in enhancing supplier performance by solving supplier challenges that impact quality/on-time delivery/scaling, supporting the onboarding of suppliers to new designs, and delivering on our mission to deliver affordable and autonomous mass at scale.

### What You'll Do:

* Process Improvement: Audit and embed into core supplier processes to understand improvement opportunities to cost, lead-times, and quality
* Identify and resolve manufacturing defects, process inefficiencies, and quality issues in SMT assembly, such as solder paste application, component placement, reflow soldering, and automated optical inspection (AOI)
* Conduct root cause analysis and implement corrective actions for production failures, utilizing tools like PFMEA
* Ensure adherence to industry standards (IPC-A-610, J-STD-001)
* Quality Assurance: Conduct on-site audits to root cause supplier quality issues or performance challenges
* Supplier Development: Assess and improve supplier capabilities, ensuring alignment with engineering and operational priorities.
* Engineering Technical Support: Provide technical guidance to suppliers on part specifications, manufacturing processes and standards, and quality measures
* Supplier Performance Monitoring: Track and analyze supplier performance metrics, including delivery, quality, and cost. Implement corrective actions and continuous improvement plans as necessary.
* Risk Management: Identify and mitigate risks within the supply chain to ensure uninterrupted production and delivery of components
* New Product Introduction (NPI): Support the introduction of new products by ensuring suppliers meet all quality and delivery requirements during the development phase

### Required Qualifications:

* Hands on experience with SMT (Surface Mount Technology) and PCBA
* Knowledge of industry standards (IPC-A-610, J-STD-001)
* ability to analyze PCBA drawing and critical features on electronic assemblies
* Ability to travel to domestic and international suppliers ~50%+ of time

### Preferred Qualifications:

* M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or equivalent.
* Problem solving skills including root cause investigation and failure analysis
* Leadership experience on a cross-functional project team (e.g., engineering, supply chain, production)

#LI-JM1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
