---
title: Senior Import Compliance Specialist (R5392)
status: active
id: d0b52d5f-5a87-4cbc-8fc8-ba4f529b8c90
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/d0b52d5f-5a87-4cbc-8fc8-ba4f529b8c90
lastmod: '2026-07-21T01:09:33.098000+00:00'
date: '2026-07-21T01:09:33.098000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Customer Operations
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The Import Compliance Specialist is responsible for ensuring the company’s global import activities comply with all applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) regulations, international trade laws, and company policies. The Import Compliance Specialist serves as the company's subject matter expert on U.S. import regulations, customs compliance, tariff classification, country of origin, customs valuation, and import documentation. Working closely with Supply Chain, Logistics, Procurement, Engineering, and external customs brokers, this position ensures timely customs clearance, accurate regulatory reporting, and continuous improvement of import compliance processes while supporting the company's global operations.

### What you'lll do:

**Import Compliance & Customs Management**

* Ensure compliance with all U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) regulations and applicable Partner Government Agency (PGA) requirements.
* Assign Harmonized Tariff (HTS) classifications and country of origin determinations.
* Determine country of origin, valuation, and admissibility of imported merchandise
* Ensure correct customs documentation, valuation practices, and broker instructions.
* Oversee customs brokers and freight forwarders to ensure compliant import operations.
* Partner with, Program Management, Product Delivery, Procurement, Logistics, Supply Chian, Legal, and Trade Compliance teams to resolve customs-related issues.
* Support duty savings initiations, including Free Trade Agreements, Duty Drawback, and other customs programs where applicable.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor's degree in international business, Supply Chain, Legal Studies, Engineering, or related field.
* 5+ years of experience in trade compliance within aerospace, defense, or high-tech industries.
* Working knowledge of HTS classification, customs valuation, and import processes.
* Ability to manage sensitive and export-controlled information (ITAR/EAR Technical Data).
* Strong communication skills and ability to train personnel across the organization.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Active U.S. Customs Broker License
* Knowledge of Free Trade Agreements (USMCA and others)
* Strong knowledge of
* U.S. Customs regulations (19 CFR)
* Harmonized Tariff Schedule (HTSUS)
* Customs valuation
* Country of origin determination
* Experience working with UAV systems, defense articles, avionics, or controlled software.
* Background in program management, logistics, or engineering support roles.

### Key competencies:

* Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.
* Ability to balance regulatory compliance with operational needs.
* High integrity and sound judgment in handling compliance matters.
* Proactive mindset with ability to work independently and cross functionally.

#LI-JM1

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
