---
title: Senior Engineer, Embedded OS (Dallas Tx) (R3793)
status: active
id: d5fdafe1-2e50-4543-98b1-38f3a3d26e12
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/d5fdafe1-2e50-4543-98b1-38f3a3d26e12
lastmod: '2025-08-18T17:03:52.456000+00:00'
date: '2025-08-18T17:03:52.456000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- V-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

As an Embedded OS Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and optimizing the operating system components that enable our unmanned aerial systems (UAS) to operate efficiently and reliably. Your work will ensure that the software infrastructure of our UAVs meets the high standards required for autonomous operations in dynamic and challenging environments.

### What You'll Do:

* Design, develop, and maintain the Linux based or commercial real-time operating system components for UAVs, focusing on performance, reliability, and security.
* Optimize the OS for concurrent processing and efficient resource management.
* Collaborate with hardware engineers, software developers, and autonomy engineers to ensure seamless integration of OS components with other subsystems.
* Develop and maintain drivers and middle-ware for various hardware components and sensors, especially camera and timing systems.
* Conduct rigorous testing and debugging to ensure the stability and robustness of the OS.
* Stay updated with the latest advancements in OS technologies and apply best practices to our systems.

### Required Qualifications:

* Minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field); or 3 years and a Master’s degree; or 2 years with a PhD; or equivalent work experience.
* Proven experience in OS development, particularly in real-time and embedded systems.
* Strong understanding of RTOS concepts, concurrent programming, and resource management.
* Proficiency in programming languages such as C, C++, Python, or similar.
* Experience with developing drivers and middle-ware for hardware components.
* Familiarity with cyber security principles and practices in embedded systems, including secure boot and data-at-rest encryption.
* Excellent communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with multidisciplinary teams and external stakeholders.
* Demonstrated track record of assuming ownership over development processes and features and delivering outstanding outcomes.
* Proven track record of successfully shipping products, showcasing the ability to navigate through development cycles, overcome obstacles, and deliver high-quality solutions to meet project deadlines and exceed expectations in a fast-paced environment.
* You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others.

### Preferred Qualifications:

* Experience customizing, deploying, and maintaining Linux distributions created with Yocto on various hardware platforms
* Experience customizing, deploying, and maintaining RTOS’s such as VxWorks, RTLinux, or Green Hills
* Experience with Nvidia OS customization and maintenance

#LI-SM1

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
