---
title: Senior Sales Ops Admin (R5232)
status: active
id: d8327dd2-12a0-46f0-8324-206680c0dbab
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/d8327dd2-12a0-46f0-8324-206680c0dbab
lastmod: '2026-06-18T01:17:54.501000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-18T01:17:54.501000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

The primary function of this role is managing administrative tasks and tracking across domestic and international proposals, while supporting proposal management and Salesforce maintenance.

The ideal candidate has strong organizational and technical writing skills, with the ability to translate complex technical concepts into clear, concise language. This role requires strong communication and coordination skills to work across teams.

The proposal administrator will support a growing volume of proposals and pricing efforts, assist with responses to requests for information, and maintain process documentation to standardize workflows and support audits and onboarding.

### What we are looking for:

* Exceptional Organizational Skills: Manage tracking, documentation, scheduling across proposal efforts.
* Confident team leader: Manage and direct coordination across cross-functional and distributed stakeholders.
* Exceptional communicator: Strong and succinct technical writing paired with confident verbal communication skills.
* Extreme ownership: Serve as the primary cross-functional lead for Sales Operations admin, process and coordination.
* Attention to detail: Ensure accuracy across systems and maintain clear and complete documentation.

### What you'll do:

* Balance multiple priorities in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, including administrative support, proposal management, and process improvement.
* Manage and maintain deal tracking, ensuring records are accurate and audit-ready.
* Coordinate deal setup, assignment and supporting documentation across systems.
* Oversee charge code creation and lifecycle tracking.
* Support pipeline tracking, reporting, and operational data analysis for forecasting and planning.
* Coordinate cross-functional reviews, including scheduling, logistics, and documentation of key decisions and approvals.
* Serve as a primary point of contact for review processes and related stakeholder communications.
* Maintain approval workflows, compliance matrices, and stakeholder records.
* Develop and support technical content for requests for information (RFI), proposals,  and presentations, including formatting, editing , and knowledge management.
* Partner cross-functionally (BD, legal, finance, engineering, etc.) to support proposal execution, process improvements, and business development operations.

### Required qualifications:

* 2-4 years of relevant experience in government proposals or related work.
* Bachelor's degree in business, marketing, engineering or equivalent experience.
* Experience with proposal methodologies (e.g. Shipley), compliance matrices, and implementing project management tools and processes.
* Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills, with demonstrated aptitude for data-driven work.
* Ability to develop and support technical content for RFIs, abstracts, and proposal materials.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to convey complex ideas clearly.
* Ability to collaborate effectively across teams and work with stakeholders at all levels.
* Demonstrated ownership, reliability, and ability to adapt in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
* Proven track record of teamwork, professionalism, and maintaining high standards of performance and integrity.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience managing Foreign Military Sale and Direct Commercial Sale proposals.
* Strong technical background especially with Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs) and software.
* You have demonstrated thorough understanding and knowledge of the military operations and the acquisition process that allows you to maintain strong customer relations.
* Demonstrated understanding of specific DoD operational scenarios and systems.
* Understanding of international markets/geopolitical trends to drive international business strategy
* Active DoD security clearance.

#LI-KC5

#LC

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
