---
title: Chief Engineer
status: active
id: dd795a91-7317-44ea-8197-caf6266eb8f8
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/dd795a91-7317-44ea-8197-caf6266eb8f8
lastmod: '2025-11-05T04:00:08.060000+00:00'
date: '2025-11-05T04:00:08.060000+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Chief Engineers
offices:
- London
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

The Chief Engineer at Shield AI is responsible for solving complex technical challenges in deploying advanced autonomy solutions on Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS). As the chief authority on system architecture, design, development, risk mitigation, and product quality.  The Chief Engineer ensures the successful integration of Hivemind Autonomy across a range of aircraft, from Group 2 propeller aircraft to Group 5 jets. This role is part of the Hivemind Solutions organization and leads a team of team of engineers to deliver cutting-edge autonomous capabilities for business-to-business and defense contracts. The ideal candidate has defense industry experience as a Chief Engineer and a proven track record of leading technical teams to develop and deploy autonomous systems.

### What you'll do:

* Serve as the Chief Engineer on Shield AI projects focused on developing and deploying autonomy solutions for unmanned aircraft from group 2 to group 5.
* Lead a team responsible for advancing Hivemind Autonomy and shaping defense autonomy architectures.
* Define and assign technical objectives, make key engineering decisions, and ensure the quality and completeness of all technical deliverables
* Provide technical leadership and oversight across both Internal Research and Development (IRAD) initiatives and defense contracts.

### Required qualifications:

* BS/MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical/Aerospace Engineering, and/or similar degree
* 10+ years of industry experience in autonomy and/or UAS platforms (e.g., defense tech, self-driving car, etc.)
* 7+ years of delivering software into production/certifiable environments with high-reliability
* Understanding of guidance, control and navigation (GNC) (e.g. controls, estimation, planning)
* Understanding of robotics stack (e.g., controls, estimation, perception, planning, etc.)
* Understanding of software development processes and how to effectively deploy software
* Experience defining technical scope and managing technical requirements, product architectures, ICDs and other system level design documentation
* Demonstrate problem solving skills by applying a scientific technical approach
* Customer-facing engineering leader supporting both defense and internally funded development programs
* Contribute to government contract proposal writing
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
* Excellent leadership skills, driving a team of 6-20 engineers

### Preferred qualifications:

* UK security clearance

#LI-EJ1

#LF

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
