---
title: Production Technician (R3973)
status: active
id: efe94990-c80b-45b6-949b-71dde71235d2
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/efe94990-c80b-45b6-949b-71dde71235d2
lastmod: '2022-05-26T13:08:27.860000+00:00'
date: '2022-05-26T13:08:27.860000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Production
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

We are currently seeking highly skilled Production Technicians to work on composite aircraft, avionics and all systems associated. This role is for a hands-on person with excellent interpersonal skills and experience in a quality-focused production environment. The ideal candidate will work with engineering drawings and detailed instructions to acquire the desired finish of each production component as well as assist with fabrication and assembly tasks.

### What you'll do:

* Support and perform assembly, testing and configuration of aircraft systems such as: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), Avionics, Ground Control Stations (GCS), Ground Support Equipment (GSE), Ground Data Terminals (GDT), and electronics.
* Assist in troubleshooting, component removal/replacement and testing and documentation while utilizing approved technical publications, maintenance standards and approved procedures.
* Trim, Paint, and Bodywork UAV Components.
* Assemble, Test, and Support engine ground runs and break-ins.
* Modifications or repairs to composite components if needed.
* Coordinate with and assist other team members to ensure on-time delivery of aircraft.
* Interpret engineering drawings, diagrams as well as work instructions and manuals related to all part fabrication.
* Perform other related duties as assigned.

### Required qualifications:

* Minimally 6 months-1 year of relevant experience in a combination of Aircraft Production/Manufacturing including but not limited to Composite Layup, Avionics fabrication, Avionics Installation, Aircraft Final Assembly, Ground Support ETC.
* Minimally 6 months-1 year of experience with Material Requirements Planning. (MRP)
* Must have good interpersonal skills with the ability to interface cooperatively with departmental personnel and customers.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Possess time management, organizational and communication skills.
* Strong safety work ethic – recognizes the importance of properly handling hazardous materials, chemicals, tools, etc.
* Computer skills; knowledgeable in MS software programs, and other relevant computer applications involving production.
* Analytical and problem-solving approach with the continual pursuit of perfection.
* Must be able to work in a continually changing environment with the ability to change direction quickly to support departmental needs.

#LI-JM1

#LA

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
