---
title: Staff Technician, Mechanical Test (R5212)
status: active
id: f3d6cfa4-1f2f-46a2-986b-6203d6a7e745
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/f3d6cfa4-1f2f-46a2-986b-6203d6a7e745
lastmod: '2026-07-07T00:56:28.745000+00:00'
date: '2026-07-07T00:56:28.745000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Mechanical
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a highly skilled Staff Technician, Mechanical Test to support the fabrication, instrumentation, and testing of X-Bat. This role is ideal for a hands-on builder who thrives in dynamic environments, has deep experience working with test stands, understands precision instrumentation techniques, and has a background in machine shop operations, 3D printing, and product prototyping.

You will be a key contributor in helping bring cutting-edge designs to life, playing a vital role in everything from early-stage prototype development to detailed testing and validation of final assemblies.

### What you'll do:

* Construct and assemble large-scale structures and test articles in alignment with engineering drawings and CAD models.
* Support the design, prototyping, and fabrication of new products, R&D initiatives, and flight-ready hardware.
* Maintain accurate records of test equipment configurations and device designations across all projects.
* Work with aerospace-grade materials and perform structural repairs using industry-standard techniques and tools.
* Fabricate fixtures, machine brackets, and execute rapid modifications on prototype hardware as needed.
* Install strain gauges, thermocouples and various sensors according to precise instrumentation schematics.
* Route cabling, integrate data acquisition systems, and verify sensor calibration and operational status.
* Conduct mechanical testing by applying static and dynamic loads per detailed engineering procedures.
* Document test outcomes clearly and report anomalies or irregularities in a timely manner.
* Ensure a clean, organized, and safe workspace across shop, lab, and composite work areas.
* Contribute to ongoing improvements in instrumentation standards, testing procedures, and fabrication workflows.
* Source and manage inventory for parts and equipment needed for component repair or replacement.

### Required qualifications:

* 7+ years of experience in fabrication or aerospace-grade instrumentation.
* Strong background in strain gauge installation and sensor wiring.
* Hands-on experience in machine shop operations, including manual and/or CNC tools.
* Ability to read engineering drawings, schematics, and detailed work instructions.
* Comfortable working in shop and lab environments with exposure to noise, dust, and chemicals.
* Ability to lift and move parts and equipment (up to 50 lbs.) and perform physical work for extended periods.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Familiarity with mechanical testing systems (e.g., load frames, DAQ systems).
* Experience in aerospace, automotive, defense, or high-performance prototyping environments.
* Knowledge of adhesives, fasteners, and bonding processes for composite-to-metal interfaces.
* Able to work independently and adapt quickly to changing technical needs.
* Hands-on experience performing MIL-STD testing including vibration, shock, thermal testing.

#LI-MS1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
