---
title: Senior Manager, Treasury (R5211)
status: active
id: fad75247-7675-46b6-bf12-2ef1165dc352
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/fad75247-7675-46b6-bf12-2ef1165dc352
lastmod: '2026-06-11T03:00:31.211000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-11T03:00:31.211000+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Accounting
offices:
- San Francisco, California
- United States
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### **Job Description:**

Shield AI is seeking a Senior Manager, Treasury to join our Finance team. As Shield AI continues its global expansion, this role offers the opportunity to build the corporate treasury function within a high-growth, mission-driven technology company. Reporting to the Controller, this high-impact position will build and scale the company’s treasury capabilities, driving disciplined global cash management, liquidity planning, foreign exchange (FX) risk mitigation, and oversight of banking relationships.

### What you'll do:

* Oversee global treasury operations, including daily cash positioning, liquidity management, and banking relationship management.
* Build and maintain cash flow and free cash flow forecasts to support liquidity planning and executive decision-making.
* Develop and execute cash management strategies to optimize working capital and minimize idle cash balances.
* Establish and enhance treasury policies, controls, and governance frameworks to mitigate financial and operational risk.
* Monitor foreign exchange (FX) exposures and support the development of hedging strategies.
* Ensure compliance with debt covenants and reporting requirements under credit facilities and loan agreements.
* Negotiate banking terms, credit facilities, and fee structures to optimize cost efficiency and service levels.
* Lead intercompany funding activities and oversee treasury transactions across global entities.
* Partner cross-functionally with FP&A, Accounting, Legal, Tax, and other stakeholders to align treasury strategy with broader corporate objectives.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field; CTP or MBA preferred
* 8+ years of experience in treasury, corporate finance, FP&A, investment banking, or another analytical role
* Experience in managing banking structure and bank accounts globally, maintaining and tracking bank register and other ad-hoc regulatory requirements
* Strong financial modeling and data analysis skills, with the desire to expand into advanced treasury concepts
* A proactive, detail-oriented problem solver with strong business judgment
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate across teams
* Eagerness to learn, take ownership, and grow within a high-growth, evolving environment

#LI-TF1

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
