---
title: Staff Customer Success Manager (R4990)
status: active
id: fd938d01-0807-4cf1-95df-5dd97b0faf21
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/fd938d01-0807-4cf1-95df-5dd97b0faf21
lastmod: '2025-09-10T22:52:56.334000+00:00'
date: '2025-09-10T22:52:56.334000+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Customer Engagement
offices:
- San Diego, California
- Washington, DC
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description:**

This is a senior ( ~8+ years of experience) Customer Success Manager on a small team supporting our Hivemind Enterprise Customers. This is a high-impact role interacting with external C-Suite stakeholders!

Please note, this role would require extensive travel to visit customers, including international customers in Europe and around North America. Travel expectations could vary from 30-50% of total work.

The Customer Success Manager will be responsible for ensuring customers achieve their desired outcomes through the use of Shield AI Hivemind Enterprise Software. This role involves proactive engagement with customers from onboarding to offboarding, managing account health, providing program management support and helping drive renewals.

### What you'll do:

* Build and maintain strong relationships with customers
* Act as the primary point of contact for customer onboarding, training, offboarding and renewals
* Develop and implement customer success plans
* Conduct regular reviews to ensure customers are achieving their goals
* Collaborate with sales and product teams to address customer needs and feedback
* Own and drive contract renewal
* Collaborate with sales to expand revenue in a land and expand motion

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor's degree in business, engineering, or a related field.
* 8+ years of experience in customer success or account management.
* 3+ years of experience working with large enterprise customers.
* Proven experience in revenue renewal and retention for multi-million-dollar contracts.
* Experience working in a startup environment.
* Excellent communication and project management skills.
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think strategically.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Strong understanding of AI and robotics technology.
* Experience building and running a small customer success team at a startup.
* Familiarity with the defense aviation industry.
* Familiarity with developer facing software products.
* Certification in project management.
* Certification in customer success management.
* Experience in supporting customers for new products.

#LI-KC3

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
