---
title: Ground System Software Engineer (R4787)
status: active
id: fe7531e1-c25e-4e4a-9661-19e3a2ab8e69
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/fe7531e1-c25e-4e4a-9661-19e3a2ab8e69
lastmod: '2026-04-07T01:22:36.864000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T01:22:36.864000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and the Hivemind Vision product lines. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](http://www.shield.ai/). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shield-ai), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking a highly motivated Ground System Software Engineer to design, develop, and maintain software systems for the X-BAT Platform. This role focuses on building robust ground control stations, mission planning tools, communication interfaces, and infrastructure that enable the X-BAT mission, and supports operational requirements safe and efficient drone operations.

You'll work at the intersection of all major components of the X-BAT Platform and its systems, providing user-facing applications to operate X-BAT and supporting equipment or vehicles, and will be collaborating closely with our Aircraft Software, Hivemind, and Flight Test teams to design this state-of-the-art ground system.

### What you'll do

* Design, develop, and optimize next-gen ground control software that enables low-latency communication with UAVs and other autonomous platforms.
* Build high-performance full-stack applications that support telemetry processing and fusion, mission planning, and real-time situational awareness.
* Implement responsive user interfaces with React and TypeScript for telemetry readout and sensor feeds, operator workflows, and mission/vehicle state.
* Collaborate closely with teams across autonomy, embedded systems, human factors, and UX to deliver integrated, field-ready solutions.
* Contribute to architectural decisions and system designs that ensure responsiveness, scalability, and fault-tolerance.
* Lead and/or participate in development efforts on key features or subsystems, from early design through deployment and iteration.
* Write high-quality, well-tested code and participate in peer design/code reviews.

### Required qualifications:

* Senior: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Robotics, or a related field with 5+ years of professional software development experience, or Masters with 4+ years, or PhD with 2+ years.
* Staff: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Robotics, or a related field with 7+ years of professional software development experience, or Masters with 6+ years, or PhD with 4+ years.
* Proficiency in a strongly typed programming language (e.g. C#, TypeScript, Java, C++) with exposure to lower-level systems or protocol integration.
* Experience with web technologies, especially React, TypeScript/JavaScript, and Node.js.
* Strong software engineering fundamentals including version control, testing, debugging, and performance profiling.
* Proven ability to deliver high-quality software as part of a collaborative engineering team.
* Experience building distributed systems or networked applications
* Experience developing user interfaces (e.g., React, Vue, QT, or similar frameworks)
* Strong debugging, problem solving, and system integration skills
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, cross-functional engineering environment
* Ability to obtain security clearance

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience with GCS software, mission planning tools, or real-time visualization platforms.
* Familiarity with API-driven systems using REST or gRPC, and communication protocols like WebSocket or custom telemetry formats.
* Knowledge of standards such as STANAG 4586, Cursor on Target (CoT), or MAVLink.
* Experience with UAS platforms and AI/ML systems.
* Familiarity with containerized environments (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) and CI/CD practices.
* Exposure to distributed systems and cloud integration for telemetry data pipelines and sensor fusion.
* Understanding of security best practices in control systems and networked applications.
* Exposure to cybersecurity best practices for embedded or distributed systems, preferably within Gov and/or Defense environments

#LI-AA1

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
