---
title: Global Account Executive
status: active
id: '7513910355632146698'
source: feishu
url: https://vrfi1sk8a0.jobs.feishu.cn/position/7513910355632146698
lastmod: '2025-06-09T11:38:37.279000+00:00'
date: '2025-06-09T11:38:37.279000+00:00'
location: 北京, 旧金山, 上海, 柏林, 伦敦, 迪拜, 马德里, 墨西哥城, 法兰西岛, 首尔, 东京, 新加坡, 中国香港
departments:
- 销售支持
offices:
- 上海
- 东京
- 中国香港
- 伦敦
- 北京
- 墨西哥城
- 新加坡
- 旧金山
- 柏林
- 法兰西岛
- 迪拜
- 首尔
- 马德里
---

## 职位描述

Job Description:

We are seeking a dynamic and results-driven "Global Account Executive" to lead our international client acquisition and relationship management efforts. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and executing sales strategies, driving project implementation, and achieving sales targets. Your expertise will be crucial in leading end-to-end business negotiations, finalizing contracts, and designing innovative product promotion strategies to expand our global footprint.

Key responsibilities include:

1.Client Acquisition and Management: Identify and pursue new business opportunities, while nurturing and expanding relationships with existing clients.

2.Sales Strategy Development: Craft and implement effective sales strategies tailored to diverse international markets.

3.Project Execution: Oversee the successful implementation of projects, ensuring alignment with client expectations and business objectives.

4.Market Analysis: Conduct in-depth analysis of international market trends to identify growth opportunities and propose product enhancements.

5.Business Growth: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to accelerate business growth and drive revenue.

What You'll Gain:

1.Premier Growth Platform: Be at the forefront of the AGI revolution with deep integration into a network of over 1,000 global AI founders and developers.

2.Global Exposure: Participate in overseas market expansion initiatives and play a pivotal role in the worldwide adoption of AGI technologies.

3.Talent Ecosystem: Join a high-density talent ecosystem, collaborating with elite peers from top universities and institutions in a forward-thinking organization shaping the future of AGI.

4.Professional Development: Enhance your skills and career trajectory in a fast-paced, innovative environment.

## 任职要求

Requirements:

1.Experience: 1-5 years of experience with a strong sales acumen; prior experience in a sales role is highly preferred.

2.Language Skills: Fluent in English with exceptional communication skills; proficiency in additional languages is a plus.

3.Industry Knowledge: Solid understanding of the internet, media, or entertainment industries; existing key account resources or networks are highly desirable.

4.Personal Attributes:

- Intense drive and self-motivation.

-Results oriented mindset with a proven track record of success.

- Passion for AI and a strong ownership mentality.

- Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
