---
title: Regional General Manager
status: active
id: '7545752001586825515'
source: feishu
url: https://vrfi1sk8a0.jobs.feishu.cn/position/7545752001586825515
lastmod: '2025-09-03T06:54:03.648000+00:00'
date: '2025-09-03T06:54:03.648000+00:00'
location: 旧金山, 迪拜, 柏林, 东京, 伦敦, 新加坡, 中国香港, 首尔
departments:
- 高级销售职位
offices:
- 旧金山
- 迪拜
- 柏林
- 东京
- 伦敦
- 新加坡
- 中国香港
- 首尔
---

## 职位描述

MiniMax is a global AI foundation model company. Founded in early 2022, we are committed to advancing the frontiers of AI towards AGI via our mission Intelligence with Everyone.

Our proprietary multimodal models, led by MiniMax M1, Hailuo-02, Speech-02 and Music-01, have ultra-long context processing capacity and can understand, generate, and integrate a wide range of modalities, including text, audio, images, video, and music. These models power our major AI-native products — including MiniMax, Hailuo AI, MiniMax Audio and our enterprise and developer-facing Open API Platform — which collectively deliver intelligent, dynamic experiences to enhance productivity and quality of life for users worldwide.

To date, our proprietary models and AI-native products have cumulatively served over 157 million individual users across over 200 countries and regions, and more than 50,000 enterprises and developers across over 90 countries and regions.

We are building a world-class global business development team and are currently seeking Regional General Managers for the EMEA and Japan-Korea markets to help bring our cutting-edge AI large language models (LLMs) and multimodal technologies to the world. If you thrive on challenges and are driven to make breakthroughs in the field of AI, we invite you to join us in expanding the global reach of multimodal AI technology—maximizing both its commercial value and societal impact.

Job Description:

1.Oversee business development and overall operations in the target regional market, including but not limited to sales system setup, market expansion, customer relationship management, team building, and daily operations.Collaborate effectively with global teams to drive the implementation of the company’s globalization strategy.

2.Develop and execute long-term strategic plans for the region, leading efforts in market positioning, technology branding, industry-specific solution design, and sales strategy formulation to enhance regional market competitiveness and influence.

3.Lead, develop, and motivate the sales team, clearly communicate performance objectives, and drive sales breakthroughs and sustainable business growth.

4.Expand and maintain relationships with key clients and strategic partners, identify opportunities for in-depth collaboration, and facilitate the implementation of major projects toward long-term mutual success.

## 任职要求

Qualifications:

1. 5+ years of sales management experience in internet, technology, or investment banking industries.

2.Strong familiarity with markets such as Europe, Middle East, Africa, or Japan-Korea, with keen business acumen and excellent strategic planning and execution skills.

3.In-depth knowledge of one or more of the following industries: internet, advertising media, gaming & entertainment, or high-tech; existing relationships with major accounts is a plus.

4.Passion for artificial intelligence technology, strong sense of ownership, self-driven mindset, and results-oriented.
