---
title: 'RISC-V CPU Microarchitecture / RTL '
status: active
id: '4738082007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/4738082007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T12:33:08-04:00'
date: '2025-05-21T16:04:11-04:00'
location: United States
departments:
- CPU
offices:
- Santa Clara
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

RISC-V CPU RTL owner will play a key role in developing next-generation CPU design. This position requires a deep understanding of CPU design including Architecture, RTL, Design Verification, Physical Design Flow. The ideal candidate will drive the unit specification, RTL design, and unit verification.

This role is Remote, based out of The United States.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* RISC-V CPU Unit Microarchitecture Specification: Define and develop microarchitecture specifications for the assigned unit (branch predictor, rename, instruction scheduling, vector execution, load/store, vector load/store support). The specification includes not only design, but also comprehensive analysis / strategy for verification and PPA (power, performance, area) closure.
* RISC-V CPU Core Unit RTL Design: The candidate will be responsible for the quality of RTL including design verification and PPA closure. This includes writing RTL, reviewing / refining unit verification environment, applying right RTL optimization to control PPA.
* AI Assisted Design Adaption: To maximize the team’s output, the candidate actively uses AI tools to accelerate the CPU design process.
* Mentoring Junior Engineers: depending on a seniority of the engineer, the engineer may mentor junior members in the team.

**Qualifications:**

* Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.
* Proven track record of designing high-performance CPU RTL for x86, Arm, POWER, SPARC, or RISC-V.
* Deep understanding of design verification strategy and trade-offs for verification methodology (simulation, formal, various checkers, etc…)
* Deep understanding of CPU microarchitecture and PPA trade-off.
* Basic understanding of RISC-V Architecture including V-extension is preferred.
* Proficiency in hardware description languages (HDLs) such as Verilog, SystemVerilog or VHDL.
* Excellent problem-solving abilities and analytical skills.
* Strong communication skills, with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to diverse audiences.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a team-oriented environment and across multiple disciplines.

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
