---
title: Technical Program Manager, Product Software
status: active
id: '4800471007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/4800471007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T12:03:55-04:00'
date: '2025-07-31T18:18:57-04:00'
location: Santa Clara, California, United States
departments:
- Metal TPM
offices:
- Santa Clara
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

Tenstorrent is on a quest to find a strong Technical Program Manager to lead the end-to-end software development of our next-generation Chiplet based SiP. The scope spans from architecture to tape-out, silicon debug and software productization - across AI, CPU, Memory and I/O Chiplet domains. If you bring strong expertise in silicon development and exceptional Program Management skills - you will thrive in this role. You’ll drive end-to-end software across pre-silicon and post silicon stages - building complex programs, defining program metrics, pushing boundaries and innovating in the AI Supercomputers space

This role isHybrid, based out of Santa Clara, CA, Austin, TX, or Toronto, ON.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* 10+ years of experience in technical program management or chip-level engineering, with 2+ years in multi-chip/chiplet systems.
* Familiar with heterogeneous compute architectures (AI, CPU, memory, networking) and early software phases (architecture, pre-/post-silicon).
* Proven ability to manage 40+ engineer programs, external vendors (PCIe, D2D, Ethernet), and full software stacks from bare-metal to ML frameworks.
* Strong understanding of hardware-software codesign at chiplet, package, and system levels.
* Highly organized, adaptable, and expert in tools like JIRA, Confluence, and fast-paced decision making

**What We Need**

* Devise and manage multi-year software roadmaps and coordinate across silicon, firmware, and runtime teams.
* Define success metrics, drive work breakdown structures, and track progress with strong risk management and alignment strategies.
* Own shift-left strategies to de-risk bring-up and accelerate time-to-market.
* Manage vendor software integrations (PCIe, D2D, Ethernet), and set up robust CI/CD and testing frameworks.
* Communicate clearly with executives, engineers, and stakeholders, balancing transparency with thoughtful tradeoff discussions.

**What You Will Learn**

* Deep experience with chiplet integration across AI, CPU, Memory, and I/O - and how these technologies drive system performance.
* Hands-on with Tenstorrent’s open-source compiler, runtime, and firmware stack.
* Exposure to pre-/post-silicon methodologies and industry-leading “shift-left” program strategies.
* Collaborate with top-tier vendors and engage in real-world open-source vs. licensed IP tradeoffs.
* Learn how program strategy evolves at the cutting edge of RISC-V, AI, and HPC chiplet ecosystems

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
