---
title: Staff Software Engineer, Cloud Infrastructure
status: active
id: '5023661007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5023661007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T16:14:59-04:00'
date: '2026-01-13T23:23:07-05:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Cloud Platform
offices:
- Austin
- Santa Clara
- Toronto
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

We're looking for a Staff Software Engineer with a platform infrastructure / Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) background to join us to work on infrastructure automation, integration, and operations. Work covers backend development, service integrations, infrastructure-as-code, and site reliability engineering aspects. Adjacent experience up or down the stack is also highly valuable.

This role ishybrid, based out of the Austin, TX; Santa Clara, CA; or Toronto, ON.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* Fluent in Python, Infrastructure-as-Code (Ansible), shell scripting, Linux SysOps, and CI/CD.
* DevOps mindset with experience in software integrations and operational infrastructure.
* Experienced in observability, including hardware, system, and application level telemetry, monitoring, and alerting (Prometheus, Loki, Alloy, Grafana, Sentry, SNMP, Redfish, IPMI).
* Familiarity with Bare Metal, Virtual Machine and Kubernetes provisioning and operations.
* Neocloud / CSP background is a plus.

**What We Need**

* Hands-on software engineering to push infrastructure and operational excellence further.
* Effective collaboration with end-users, peers, domain experts, and stakeholders.
* Leadership to grow teams’ capabilities and eagerness to learn more.

**What You Will Learn**

* Close-up experience to work with everything from data center hardware to user interfaces.
* Leverage the latest AI tools in your day-to-day work.
* Collaborate closely with a diverse range of experts, from HW, SW, AI/ML, and ops backgrounds.
* Expand your expertise to adjacent areas of interest with no siloes inside the team.

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
