---
title: Sr. Engineer, Performance Infrastructure
status: active
id: '5044816007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5044816007
lastmod: '2026-07-23T05:44:22-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T09:51:39-04:00'
location: Austin, Texas, United States
departments:
- RISC V
offices:
- Santa Clara
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors.   
Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V-based CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

We are looking for a talented engineer to join our CPU design team to drive infrastructure for performance analysis, correlation and verification. You’ll work on a CPU based on RISC-V ISA, collaborating with core architects and RTL teams to deliver a highly efficient and performant design.

This role is **hybrid**, based out of **Austin, TX or Santa Clara, CA.**

We welcome candidates at various experience levels. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* Great at identifying problems and developing solutions.
* Enjoys building tools and optimizing work flows.
* Skilled in C++ and Python, with an understanding of industry-standard tools for compilation, simulation and emulation.
* Proficient in debugging RTL/logic across multiple design hierarchies and pre-silicon environments.
* Knowledgeable in architecture and microarchitecture of high-performance CPU cores.
* Ideal candidates would possess experience in infrastructure, methodology and performance verification.

**What We Need**

* Join a team driving improvements in CPU microarchitecture, verify performance and correlate with the RTL.
* Enhance design environment, tools, and methodologies to improve development efficiency.
* Collaborate closely with RTL engineers and core architects to meet performance goals, debug miscorrelation and verify performance features.
* Use innovative techniques to optimize power, performance, and area while driving performance experiments and evaluating results.

**What You Will Learn**

* End-to-end exposure to CPU design from microarchitecture through performance convergence and validation.
* Hands-on experience optimizing CPU designs in both pre-silicon and post-silicon phases.
* Integration of open-source and industry-standard tools to improve flows and results.
* Work in a deeply technical, highly collaborative team solving cutting-edge CPU design challenges.

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This position requires access to technology that requires a U.S. export license for persons whose most recent country of citizenship or permanent residence is a U.S. EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, or E2 country.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
