---
title: 'Business Development Lead, India '
status: active
id: '5098104007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5098104007
lastmod: '2026-07-10T07:54:45-04:00'
date: '2026-04-02T18:42:44-04:00'
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
departments:
- Experience
offices:
- Bengaluru
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

The BD Lead will support the amplification of this sovereign AI strategy by identifying opportunities, managing client relationships, and supporting go-to-market execution across the India. Reporting to the BD Lead for GCC region, this position will work closely with both regional leadership and global counterparts to build an [Open Future](https://openfuture.tenstorrent.com/).

*This role is hybrid, based out of Bengaluru OR Anywhere in India.**We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.*

**Who You Are**

* Passionate about sovereign AI solutions and open source software.
* Commercially minded with strong business development and client engagement skills.
* Thrive in fast-paced, high-growth environments and can balance strategic thinking with hands-on execution.
* A confident communicator, able to engage and collaborate effectively with senior stakeholders, partners, and customers.
* Results-oriented, organized, and capable of managing multiple opportunities simultaneously.

**What We Need**

* Experience in the AI hardware or software market, with an understanding of ecosystem dynamics and emerging trends, including enterprise, government, and strategic partner landscapes(Hardware experience preferred)
* Strong relationships with India-based clients, system integrators (SIs), and independent software vendors (ISVs)
* Proven track record in pipeline development, client relationship management, and closing commercial opportunities.
* Experience working with cross-border teams and managing multi-stakeholder initiatives.
* Fluency in English is required.

**What You Will Learn**

* To throw out the old playbook and drive strategic growth in the rapidly evolving AI hardware and software ecosystem.
* Go-to-market strategies across India from start to finish
* Negotiating strategic partnerships with enterprises, governments, and ecosystem partners.
* Building a regional network while collaborating with global BD, product, and technical teams.
* Deeper expertise in market analysis, sales operations, and deal execution.

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
