---
title: 'AI Performance Simulation Architect '
status: active
id: '5106739007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5106739007
lastmod: '2026-05-20T18:35:02-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T16:54:06-04:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Performance Model
offices:
- North America
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

Tenstorrent is seeking an AI Performance Simulation Architect to help shape the future of our AI computing.  In this role, you’ll architect and build scalable cycle-accurate AI accelerator performance models that can run representative AI workloads.  Your work will directly inform how we design and optimize future hardware platforms, from high-level performance models to cycle-accurate simulations.

This role isremote, based out of North America.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* You’re a senior technical leader with deep experience in AI accelerator architecture and micro-architecture, performance simulation, and system-level modeling.
* You’re comfortable switching between abstraction layers—from C++ performance models to software frameworks and system requirements.
* You have a strong grasp of AI workloads and how to distill them into inputs for performance models.
* You understand how system design affects the performance and scalability of AI workloads.
* You collaborate well across hardware, software, and research domains—and enjoy mentoring others along the way.

**What We Need**

* Architect and develop simulation environments for AI systems—spanning accelerators, NoCs, and memory hierarchies.
* Define and implement abstraction layers, from high-level analytical models to detailed simulations using tools like GEM5 or SST.
* Lead performance modeling and bottleneck analysis to guide architectural design and system optimization.
* Lead integration of the AI accelerator performance model into a larger heterogeneous simulation modeling environment to examine system performance.
* Deep experience with parallel programming (OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, OpenCL) and system analysis tools.

**What You Will Learn**

* How Tenstorrent is building next-gen AI infrastructure at datacenter scale.
* How to influence silicon and system-level decisions using simulation-driven insights.
* How to collaborate with vendors and technology partners to assess emerging processors, accelerators, and interconnects.
* How to bridge simulation and deployment by working across hardware, dev tools, software stacks, and customer use cases.

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
