---
title: Staff Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '5147137007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5147137007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:04:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T19:04:29-04:00'
location: Belgrade, Serbia
departments:
- Product SWE - TPM
offices:
- Belgrade
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

We are seeking a Technical Program Manager to lead programs that advance and  accelerate AI software performance on custom high-performance hardware. In this role, you will drive cross-functional initiatives that span AI model integration, and performance optimization across our software stack. You will partner closely with engineering leads, product teams, and leadership to deliver reliable, scalable solutions that push the boundaries of AI compute.

This role ishybrid, based out of Belgrade, Serbia.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* A technically fluent TPM with experience driving software programs in a fast-moving environment.
* Comfortable working alongside engineers with exposure to AI model development and its impact on engineering priorities.
* Motivated by innovation and thriving in collaborating with customers.
* Effective at aligning multiple engineering teams and balancing short-term deliverables with long-term roadmap priorities.

**What We Need**

* A product-focused TPM who can drive roadmap priorities, while collaborating with product and engineering leaders to ensure model optimization strategies reflect user needs, model performance targets, and evolving market trends.
* Someone who can translate customer and model requirements into actionable technical plans and ensure those priorities are reflected in engineering execution.
* A professional  who can manage multiple programs, prioritize tasks, influence teams, and adapt to changing priorities.
* A communicator who can distill complex technical concepts into clear updates for executives, engineers, and stakeholders.

**What You Will Learn**

* Drive cutting edge programs from the requirements alignment, model implementation, up to the model release.
* Develop best practices for managing software lifecycles across multi-repo, multi-platform, and multi-team environments.
* Translate evolving customer and model requirements into actionable product priorities.
* Enable developers to maximize AI performance on custom silicon through advancing open-source innovation.

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
