---
title: 'Electrical Engineer, PCB Design '
status: active
id: '5178453007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5178453007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T16:10:13-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T16:10:13-04:00'
location: Belgrade, Serbia; Toronto, Ontario, Canada
departments:
- PCB / Power
offices:
- Belgrade
- Toronto
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

We’re looking for a talented and detail-oriented Electrical Engineer to help bring our next-generation products to life. In this role, you’ll take full ownership of designing complex, high-speed, multi-layer PCBs that sit at the heart of our cutting-edge systems. You will be designing desktop and server grade boards and PCIe cards based on AI CPUs built by Tenstorrent. You’ll work across disciplines, drive innovation from concept to production, and see your designs directly power real-world performance.

This role ison-site, based out of Toronto, Canada or Belgrade, Serbia.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* A passionate engineer with a Bachelor’s in Electrical Engineering (or related field) and hands-on PCB design experience.
* Skilled in high-speed board schematic design ideally with 100/400/800 GbE, GDDR6/7, or PCIe Gen5/6 designs. Solid understanding of the layout and signal integrity challenges for high-speed designs.
* Comfortable working across electrical, mechanical, and thermal domains to deliver reliable, manufacturable solutions.
* Confident using ECAD tools like Allegro/System Capture (Altium experience is a plus).
* A natural problem-solver who enjoys debugging, fine-tuning, and optimizing designs for real-world conditions.

**What We Need**

* A design owner to lead complex schematic designs, architectures and layouts from concept to mass production.
* A collaborator who can partner with cross-functional teams to ensure designs meet performance, thermal, and manufacturability goals.
* A technical communicator to work with ODMs and manufacturing partners for seamless production handoffs.
* A contributor who helps refine design processes and best practices as part of a fast-moving engineering team.

**What You Will Learn**

* How to design next-generation, high-density PCBs that push speed and performance boundaries, working alongside experienced engineers who set a high technical bar.
* Deep exposure to AI, compute, and networking systems, collaborating closely with cross-functional partners to solve complex board-level challenges.
* How to bridge design and manufacturing as a team, taking designs from concept through production and into real, shipped products.
* Proven techniques for reducing emissions, optimizing power delivery, and improving thermal performance through shared design reviews and collective problem-solving.
* How to thrive in a collaborative engineering culture that values innovation, craftsmanship, mentorship, and technical depth.

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
