---
title: Sustaining Program Manager, Supply Chain
status: active
id: '5188446007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5188446007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T12:14:56-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T12:14:56-04:00'
location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Toronto
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

 We are seeking a highly skilled Sustaining Program Manager, Supply Chain to drive the transition of custom ASIC and AI hardware products from development to full-scale manufacturing. This role is critical in ensuring smooth collaboration between engineering, supply chain, and manufacturing partners while meeting aggressive schedules and quality targets. The ideal candidate has a strong background in semiconductor and/or hardware manufacturing, supply chain management, and cross-functional project leadership.

*This role is hybrid, based out of Toronto, ON.*

*We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.*

**Who You Are**

* Bring a proven track record in steering complex semiconductor or hardware products from design to production.
* You offer deep technical knowledge of foundry, packaging, HW SMT, and FATP processes, paired with strong business acumen.
* You excel at bridging engineering, supply chain, and manufacturing teams in fast-paced, global environments.
* With clarity and confidence you communicate and influence both internal stakeholders and external partners.

**What We Need**

* Oversight of the full sustaining program through end of lifecycle for custom ASIC and AI hardware - including post ramp qualification and continuous supply healthiness
* A driver of readiness across BOM validation, material availability, and process qualification with manufacturing partners.
* Proficiency in tools such as SAP (or equivalent ERP), PLM, and project management software (JIRA, Smartsheet, MS Project).
* A problem-solver, someone who can resolve risks before they become roadblocks, using data-driven strategies and cross-functional collaboration.

**What You Will Learn**

* To gain exposure to cutting-edge AI hardware and high-performance computing applications.
* How to build relationships with top-tier foundries, OSATs, and global manufacturing partners.
* How to accelerate time-to-market while maintaining strict quality and yield targets.
* Experience the challenge of leading in a high-growth, innovation-driven company.

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
