---
title: Information Security Engineer - Insider Risk
status: active
id: 2127f3af-1fb3-4aa3-9aa1-eb06967e0166
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/2127f3af-1fb3-4aa3-9aa1-eb06967e0166
lastmod: '2026-04-14T14:31:19.533000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-14T14:31:19.533000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Information Security
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As an Insider Threat Detection Engineer, you are responsible for protecting Palantir's people, data, and most sensitive assets across the globe. Your technical expertise is matched by your integrity and genuine passion for security. You work well on a team, are highly motivated, and thrive on solving problems and taking on new challenges.  
  
Your team serves as a critical line of defense, responsible for the 24/7 prevention, detection, and investigation of security events and active threats across Palantir's environment. This role focuses on all aspects of Detection and Response with a strong emphasis on identifying and mitigating insider risks. Your work will directly impact the success of Palantir's mission by making it difficult for adversaries — both external and internal — to compromise our global network.

### Core Responsibilities

* Engineer and automate end-to-end detection and investigation workflows, continuously improving Detection and Response infrastructure
* Develop alerting and detection strategies to identify malicious or anomalous behavior, including new and novel defensive techniques that adapt to evolving adversary tactics and tradecraft
* Dissect network, host, memory, and other artifacts originating from multiple operating systems and applications.
* Investigate security events and active attacks across the enterprise, uncovering sophisticated threats and identifying patterns of behavior that indicate insider risk
* Influence and inform security controls designed to safeguard Palantir's most critical assets
* Partner closely with other members of the Information Security team to lead changes in the company's network defense posture.

### What We Value

* Broad exposure to multiple security subject areas, including a strong background in forensics or threat intelligence
* Deep exposure in Incident Response or Detection Engineering
* Desire to further the information security community through substantive contributions (e.g. conference talks, blog posts, public tool development, etc.)
* Comfort in operating autonomously and engaging across business levels to advise on security outcomes.

### What We Require

* Extensive security experience (3+ years) in at least one major platform (e.g. AWS, Azure, Windows, OS X, Linux, etc.)
* Proficiency in Python (preferred), PowerShell, or similar
* Familiarity with endpoint telemetry and log sources from at least one major operating system
* Experience with common SIEM/SOAR platforms and proficiency writing queries against security event data
* Active TS/SCI security clearance or eligibility to obtain a security clearance.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $145,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
