---
title: Forward Deployed Security Engineer - US Government
status: active
id: 22053072-4c22-49c4-8299-28e107ceeb98
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/22053072-4c22-49c4-8299-28e107ceeb98
lastmod: '2026-03-09T20:23:36.622000+00:00'
date: '2026-03-09T20:23:36.622000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Our team members are subject matter experts in both cybersecurity and US Government policy. We’re excited about generating creative solutions to ambiguous security requirements. Our mission is deploying software in support of our customers' most critical needs as quickly as possible while upholding the government's trust. We achieve this through close consultation with stakeholders and direct ownership of the Authorization to Operate (ATO) process.

As a Forward Deployed Security Engineer, you support a variety of projects which draw from your wide spectrum of technical experience. You are resourceful, collaborative, and take initiative to improve our processes over time. Most importantly, you are passionate about taking on new challenges and finding innovative ways to support critical missions.

### Core Responsibilities

* Achieve ATOs for Palantir software across multiple government customers with minimal oversight
* Provide outstanding customer service, policy expertise, and high-quality documentation
* Ability to interpret regulatory language (e.g. NIST 800-53, CNSSI 1253) into actionable technical requirements for developers and system engineers
* Translate and synthesize complex concepts and architectures into clear body of evidence artifacts, including System Security Plans (SSP) and architecture diagrams
* Represent Palantir and provide credible cybersecurity expertise in government assessments and audits
* Connect technical operations, executive leadership, and government partners—transforming mission objectives into robust security architecture while equipping C-Suite leaders with strategic insights on technical and compliance risks
* Partner with Business Development teams to develop security architecture plans

### What We Value

* Proficiency in interpreting and communicating government policy to a diverse audience
* Hands-on experience designing, building, and deploying enterprise infrastructure and security solutions, including SIEM/SOAR platforms, across Linux, Kubernetes, and multi-cloud environments
* Ability to integrate security-as-code and automated compliance gating directly into CI/CD pipelines and GitHub workflows
* Experience designing, building and managing systems
* Ability to multitask under pressure, using time management and organizational skills
* A meticulous attention to detail and demonstrated ability to operate creatively within rigid government processes
* Experience with information security fundamentals and core technologies (e.g., authentication, encryption, networking, vulnerability scanning, audit logs)

### What We Require

* Active U.S. DoD Secret or Top Secret clearance and willingness to upgrade and maintain a higher level of access
* Proven experience with cybersecurity in a US Government context
* Willingness and interest to travel as needed to customer sites. Ability to travel 25% preferred, but requirements vary by location.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $90,000 - $150,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual's relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
