---
title: Sales
status: active
id: 24060586-7ba8-47c0-bfc1-f1dd5b82d8bd
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/24060586-7ba8-47c0-bfc1-f1dd5b82d8bd
lastmod: '2026-01-09T15:50:00.613000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-09T15:50:00.613000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir’s US Sales team targets and partners with some of the largest institutions in the world, helping them solve their most mission critical problems. You will be partnering with these institutions while working alongside the brightest engineers in the field to deliver results. Our products are complex and extremely versatile which allow us to deliver value within hours or days as opposed to weeks or months.

You will be responsible for engaging, evaluating, and delivering new and expansion business opportunities at targeted large institutions. Each partner (client) is different and has its own way of procuring software, and Palantir Sellers see these distinctions as opportunities - for value creation. Successful sellers tailor their approach to Palantir and to each unique opportunity, rather than relying on past strategies for selling other enterprise software.

### Core Responsibilities

* We encourage cross-functional team collaboration to help shape our outreach and shepherd engagements, from initial meeting, through the procurement process, to close
* Develop customer profiles, including identifying target customer needs and the most effective way to address those needs them
* Implement a comprehensive strategy for growing the company's presence in large US based institutions
* Thrive in a fast-paced, highly technical environment; develop familiarity with Palantir's software capabilities and how they can be used to solve a wide range of real-world problems.
* Meet and/or exceed defined metrics and by securing enterprise contracts

### What We Value

* Track record in securing significant enterprise agreements with distinguished organizations
* Exemplary aptitude for articulating Palantir's impact to diverse audiences, leveraging a communication style what accommodates both technical and non-technical audiences
* Skill in identifying client needs and aligning them with Palantir's software solutions
* Proficient in navigating multifaceted procurement and acquisition protocols
* Strong interpersonal and organizational intuition, with a talent for identifying key partners and change agents within companies
* Demonstrated ability to build high-trust relationships and drive transformational change within organizations
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, guide, lead and follow.

### What We Require

* Ability to travel (50%+) per business needs
* 10+ years of outbound sales experience focusing on closing net new business
* Must be in the office 2+ days a week

### To Apply

* Please submit a resume along with a record of your sales experience, including the size of the deals you have closed (feel free to use X for the values you are not able to disclose; for instance, $XX million). Please upload them as a single PDF file using the “Attach Resume/CV" tool on the applicant page.
* If preferable, you may respond to the Optional Additional Questions instead of (or in addition to) submitting a cover letter.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $115,000 - $150,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
