---
title: Forward Deployed Software Engineer  - Edge Autonomous Systems
status: active
id: 27bf5707-96fa-460e-8a5b-53bc192ca87b
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/27bf5707-96fa-460e-8a5b-53bc192ca87b
lastmod: '2025-10-07T17:15:18.124000+00:00'
date: '2025-10-07T17:15:18.124000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Product Development
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

We are seeking a Forward Deployed Software Engineer to join a newly-formed team focused on developing advanced autonomous systems for use on the edge and in austere environments for military and commercial uses. This role involves building, integrating, and deploying state-of-the-art solutions that combine sensors, actuators, unmanned systems, and intelligent decision-making systems to provide remote and autonomous control of individual and swarms of systems.  
  
As a part of this team, you will contribute directly to the development and deployment of autonomous systems that integrate sensors (IMU, autopilot, cameras, radars, RF, and other modalities) with continuous and real-time response actuation, path planning, and other kinetic and non-kinetic systems. You will work alongside other experts in sensing, artificial intelligence, and systems engineering to build and deliver solutions that redefine complex real world scenarios.

### Core Responsibilities

* Build, test, integrate, and deploy mission-critical software and AI solutions for agent autonomy and navigation, sensor and data fusion, and response actuation using modern technologies and methodologies.
* Integrate Palantir autonomy software with a range of sensors, actuators, and autonomous platforms.
* "Make things work" on devices on the edge, on-prem, and in hybrid-cloud environments, including tackling challenges in deployment, integration, networking, security, hardware, and user experience.
* Partner with multidisciplinary teams, including experts in sensing and fusion, artificial intelligence, systems engineering, user experience, and hardware and robotics experts to deliver well integrated solutions.

### What We Value

* Proven experience in software development for autonomous systems, embedded systems, sensors, drones, robotics, edge AI, or related fields.
* Knowledge of AI/ML, sensor processing, and edge/on-prem hardware and networking is highly desirable.
* Ability to manage complexity, take initiative in problem solving, and think critically under pressure.
* Experience deploying and maintaining robust production systems.

### What We Require

* 2+ years of professional software development experience
* 2+ years of experience integrating and deploying software to edge or autonomous systems (e.g. drones, self-driving, on-prem/edge servers)
* Strong proficiency in Python, Rust, C++, or Java
* Strong integration skills and experience with networking, Linux/GNU, CI/CD tools, scripting and automation tools, navigating APIs and documentation, edge and networking hardware
* Bachelor's/Master's (or significant relevant work experience) in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, or related fields
* Active US Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance
* Ability to travel 25-75%, varies by location and team

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
