---
title: Commercial Administrative Business Partner
status: active
id: 2c45b359-0d00-4c68-b13d-b9f405efb739
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/2c45b359-0d00-4c68-b13d-b9f405efb739
lastmod: '2026-06-05T15:21:43.653000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T15:21:43.653000+00:00'
location: Miami, FL
departments:
- Administrative
offices:
- Miami, FL
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

### **The Role**

Our team of Administrative Business Partners does more than just support our leaders: we’re the backbone of the busiest people at Palantir. We build positive relationships with the people we support and anticipate their needs without being asked. Our passion for helping others makes us an invaluable resource at Palantir!  
  
As an Administrative Business Partner, you will be handling a variety of professional responsibilities, including calendaring, travel, and expenses. You are very organized and thrive off of enabling the people you support to be as productive and impactful as possible. You’ll demonstrate your excellent communication skills, and exercise tact and diplomacy in helping to manage relationships with internal and external senior team members at Palantir. In this role you'll also demonstrate good judgment and critical thinking by understanding competing priorities and actioning accordingly.

### Core Responsibilities

* Provide administrative support to a portfolio of individuals/teams across the business.
* Handle sophisticated calendars in a fast-paced environment, and prioritize commitments to enhance time and productivity.
* Ability to manage and coordinate travel arrangements (domestic and international), which may occasionally be last minute and require flexibility and quick turnaround
* Track and process expense reports.
* Help plan, support, and complete office events and external gatherings.
* Work both autonomously and in collaboration with teammates, colleagues, and external contacts.

### What We Value

* Ability to adjust quickly, anticipate needs, and implement autonomously, with strong attention to detail.
* Ability to prioritize and have a high sense of urgency.
* Excellent communication skills and perceptiveness.
* Ability to interact with a wide range of teams internally and externally with thoughtfulness and tact.
* High level of integrity, confidentiality, and discretion in both internal and external interactions.

### What We Require

* At least three years of previous administrative or personal support experience, preferably in a fast-paced environment.
* Excellent digital literacy, including proficiency with Microsoft products (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.).
* Experience with scheduling sophisticated international and domestic travel itineraries.
* Familiarity with travel booking and expense reporting software.

### **Salary**

The salary range for this position is estimated to be $28/hour to $47/hour. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

This position is compensated on an hourly basis. For reference, the estimated annualized salary equivalent ranges from $60,000 - $115,000/year.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
