---
title: Operations Analyst - US Government Security
status: active
id: 2df67493-ffb3-4b34-bf3b-88b6750c3ea7
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/2df67493-ffb3-4b34-bf3b-88b6750c3ea7
lastmod: '2026-06-09T16:29:25.226000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-09T16:29:25.226000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

### **The Role**

As an Operations Analyst supporting our US Government teams, you keep the mission moving by tracking and stabilizing projects, removing roadblocks, owning operational outcomes, and staying two steps ahead so the team can focus on what they do best.  
  
This role demands a varying range of responsibilities; you could be managing a classified facility and vendors one hour and scoping process improvement initiatives the next. You're a first-responder by instinct, a systems thinker by habit, someone who finds order in ambiguity, sees friction as a problem worth solving and shows up everyday with a *Get Things Done* mentality. Communication and attention to detail are core to how you operate, not afterthoughts.  
  
You'll be part of a high-accountability, high-expectation team that is just as invested in each other's success as they are in Palantir's mission. Feedback isn't just welcomed here, it's how we get better.

### Core Responsibilities

* Serve as the first-responder for technical and non-technical issues, troubleshooting and resolving challenges with a solutions-first mindset.
* Own and manage all aspects of facility operations, from desk configurations and IT setups to HVAC and COMSEC, coordinating across internal teams and external vendors to keep the environment running at a unified high standard.
* Support the team and project delivery by identifying and reducing bottlenecks, blockers, or friction.
* Craft and implement processes or tools to reduce friction and optimally utilize resources.
* Partner with Palantir stakeholders to spot gaps in process, scope projects / initiatives, and deliver results on-time, on-budget, and at a high-quality bar.
* Leverage the collective knowledge of the team – learn and develop expertise to cover a critical gap or bolster important efforts and projects, internalize feedback, and invest in your personal growth.

### What We Value

* An ability to work in fast-paced environment by maximizing organizational efficiency.
* An ability to problem solve while navigating differing viewpoints and ideas, and remaining open to new ideas and potential failures.
* Logical, methodical approach to troubleshooting with a deep commitment to root cause resolution.
* Capacity to learn new skills and technologies to deliver the most effective solutions, and understand, translate, and communicate technical concepts to others.
* Sound judgment, with the ability to recognize inefficiencies and quickly mitigate.
* High level of attention to detail, including maintaining accurate records and diligently tracking project metrics.
* Experience managing COMSEC equipment.

### What We Require

* A US security clearance at the Secret designation or above.
* Experience in desktop or user support in a fast-paced classified environment.
* Must reside within 60 minutes of the office.
* Ability to travel 10-25%.

### **Salary**

The salary range for this position is estimated to be $70,000 - $125,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
