---
title: Deployment Strategist - US Government
status: active
id: 30c2563d-9a16-4dd7-81e8-b6f646384199
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/30c2563d-9a16-4dd7-81e8-b6f646384199
lastmod: '2020-05-09T00:52:07.307000+00:00'
date: '2020-05-09T00:52:07.307000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Echo
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**What We're About**

At its core, this role is about uncovering dots and—without knowing the shape they form—figuring out how to connect them. Our customers come to us with a hunch that the only way to protect their troops, manufacture high-quality products, structure effective healthcare policies, or deliver aid to refugees safely is to make better use of their data. Deployment Strategists are responsible for turning that hunch into reality.

If you believe in the transformational power of data and technology and in your own ability to bring that power to bear against complex problems, we want to meet you.

**What We Do**

As a Deployment Strategist, you'll work as part of a driven and creative team of Engineers, Product Designers, and other Deployment Strategists to deploy software against the most challenging problems our world faces. Your mission is to synthesize disconnected streams of thought into a cohesive understanding of what the most important problem is, what the data means, what the product needs, what users are motivated by, and where the impact could be.

Deployment Strategists are do-ers who immerse themselves in our customers' most intricate workflows, partner with customer teams and explore the data, and dive into the product landscape to enable us to scale. A select number of Deployments Strategists may also be deployed to Palantir internal teams and problems. In this role, the problems you'll tackle will require a curious and analytical mindset, a sharp intuition for product, and a strong degree of user empathy to ultimately empower our customers to make better decisions.

### No two days are the same, but as a Deployment Strategist you can expect to:

* Go onsite and meet with customer analysts to understand the critical questions they need to answer and locate their biggest pain points.
* Identify relevant datasets through deep engagement with customer problems and workflows, and work with Forward Deployed Engineers to integrate the data into a stable and extensible pipeline.
* Work with the customer to build bespoke workflows for new user groups.
* Lead training sessions to ensure that the product is meeting user needs, and to ensure it is being used widely enough to have concrete impact on our partners' operations.
* Present the results of our work and proposals for future work to audiences ranging from analysts to C-suite executives.
* Embed with our Software Engineering and Product Design teams to incorporate what you saw in the field into cross-Palantir product offerings.
* Build and deliver demos to new and existing customers.
* Scope out potential engagements in new industries and in increasingly expanding locations around the world.

### What We Value

* We value team members who aren’t satisfied with surface-level answers. We value the desire to dive into the details of the data because that’s the core of our work. And we value low ego because the outcome matters more than who gets the credit.
* Extraordinary ability to take on open-ended problems in unstructured environments.
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow.
* Experience with programming, scripting or statistical packages (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, SQL) is a plus.

### What We Require

* Active US Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance.
* Ability to travel up to 75% required. Varies by location and team.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $110,000 - $170,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
