---
title: Deployment Strategist
status: active
id: 31d461a1-4327-4317-8555-04e2a2fe74b8
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/31d461a1-4327-4317-8555-04e2a2fe74b8
lastmod: '2020-10-28T15:41:12.111000+00:00'
date: '2020-10-28T15:41:12.111000+00:00'
location: Sydney, Australia
departments:
- Echo
offices:
- Sydney, Australia
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**What We're About**

At its core, the Deployment Strategist role centres around using data in operational and real-world action. Our customers come to us with a hunch that the only way to protect their troops, manufacture high-quality products, structure effective healthcare policies, or deliver aid to refugees safely is to make better use of their data. Deployment Strategists are responsible for turning that hunch into reality.

**What We Do**

As a Deployment Strategist, you’ll work as part of a driven and creative team of Engineers, Product Designers, and other Deployment Strategists to deploy software against the most exciting problems our world faces. Your mission is to synthesise disconnected streams of thought into an understanding of what the most important problem is, what the data means, what the product needs, what users are motivated by, and where the impact could be.  
  
You’ll immerse yourself in our customers’ most intricate workflows. You’ll partner with customer teams and explore the data, and delve into the product landscape to enable us to scale. A select number of Deployment Strategists may also be deployed to Palantir internal teams and problems. In this role, the problems you’ll tackle will require a curious and analytical approach, a sharp intuition for product, and a strong degree of user insight to ultimately empower our customers to improve decisions.

### No two days are the same, but you can expect to:

* Go onsite and meet with customer analysts to understand the critical questions they need to answer and identify their biggest problems.
* Identify relevant datasets through deep engagement with customer problems and workflows.
* Work with Forward Deployed Engineers to integrate the data into a stable and extensible pipelines.
* Work with the customer to build customised workflows for new user groups.
* Lead training sessions to ensure that the product is meeting user needs and having a tangible impact on their operations.
* Present the results of our work and proposals for future work to audiences ranging from analysts to C-suite executives.
* Embed with our Software Engineering and Product Design teams to incorporate what you observed in the field into cross-Palantir product offerings.
* Build and deliver demonstrations to new and existing customers.
* Scope out potential engagements in new industries and expanding locations around the world.

### What We Value

* Team members who aren’t satisfied with surface-level answers and will dive into the details of the data.
* Low ego, as the outcome matters more than who receives the credit.
* Extraordinary ability to confront open-ended problems in unstructured environments.
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, guide, lead, and follow.

### What We Require

* Ability to travel 25–75% required. Varies by location and team.
* Experience with programming, scripting, or statistical packages (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, SQL). This is a hands-on role building in Palantir’s platforms.

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the city and or country in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*
