---
title: Site Reliability Operations Analyst - US Government
status: active
id: 38758e88-5884-4a11-98ac-d23cab51bc7a
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/38758e88-5884-4a11-98ac-d23cab51bc7a
lastmod: '2020-04-13T18:07:36.771000+00:00'
date: '2020-04-13T18:07:36.771000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Mission Operations
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Site Reliability Operations Analyst you are the engine behind Palantir deployments. You are responsible for crafting, implementing and executing processes to streamline workflows and reduce friction. You track and stabilize projects, remove roadblocks, and anticipate customer needs to free up our engineers to focus their time and attention on the technical problems they are best equipped to solve.

This position requires a combination of project management, process optimization, and execution skills. You are a person who loves fixing problems and always embraces the best idea, even when it is not your own.

### Core Responsibilities

* Work on many different types of problems and challenges. You might be supporting a deployment at a large customer one day, and jetting off to help out with a new pilot project the next.
* Be the first responders when things go wrong. Even if a problem is outside your area of expertise, you make the first move to fix it, and only ask for help when we’ve exhausted all that we can possibly do.
* Craft and implement process to reduce friction and enable all team members to spend their time on what they do best.
* Think creatively, work collaboratively, and go above and beyond to get the job done.

### What We Value

* Extraordinary judgment and composure in high-pressure situations
* A creative approach to project management centered around lightweight frameworks that enable rapid iteration and low-overhead methods of keeping our customers informed
* Proven track record of developing effective and collaborative relationships with customers
* Meticulous attention to detail, including maintaining accurate records and diligently tracking key project metrics
* Enthusiasm for working on site with customers and/or supporting internal projects and senior leadership, bringing order and efficiency to critical internal initiatives

### What We Require

* Active US Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance.
* Ability to travel 25-75%, varies by location and team
* 3+ years of project/program management experience, preferably in a fast-paced or dynamic environment

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $93,000 - $160,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
