---
title: Forward Deployed Software Engineer, Internship - AUS Government
status: active
id: 395a4483-fc3d-4b77-a500-501923fd0976
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/395a4483-fc3d-4b77-a500-501923fd0976
lastmod: '2026-05-29T12:46:59.423000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-29T12:46:59.423000+00:00'
location: Sydney, Australia
departments:
- Delta
offices:
- Sydney, Australia
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Forward Deployed Software Engineers (FDSEs) work directly with customers to quickly understand their greatest problems and design and implement solutions to use data against them. Our customers rely on Palantir’s platforms for some of their most critical operations, and projects often start with an open-ended question like, "How do we evaluate wildfire risk and optimise a power grid as a result" or "How do we quickly assess our food supply chain and modify it to deliver life saving assistance on time?" As an FDSE, you’ll apply your problem solving ability, creativity, and technical skills to help organisations use their data to drive a real impact in the world. You’ll have the opportunity to gain rare insight into and contribute to some of the world’s most important industries and institutions.

**Core Responsibilities**

As an FDSE Intern, your responsibilities look similar to those at a small startup, with the resources, stability and mentorship of an established tech company. You’ll work in small teams with minimal supervision and own end-to-end execution of high stakes projects. Your day might span discussing architecture with fellow engineers, wrangling massive-scale data, coding a custom web app, speaking with customer executives, or establishing strategy for your team.  
  
FDSE Interns are treated just like full time engineers, with significant freedom and ownership over their work. Interns take responsibility for real world projects and outcomes that our customers rely on.

### Our Principles

* Impact: We address meaningful and exciting projects that change the world for the better.
* Ownership: We see projects through from beginning to end, working through any obstacles we may encounter. We trust each other to effectively handle time and priorities and give people the space to think for themselves.
* Collaboration: We work internally with people from a variety of backgrounds — such as other FDSEs, product teams, and Deployment Strategists. We also work externally with our customers, often on site, to understand and tackle their problems.
* Growth: We believe experiential learning is one of the best teachers and encourage ourselves and our peers to seek new challenges and opportunities for growth, as well as find new ways to innovate and share knowledge.

### What We Value

* Extraordinary ability to take on open-ended problems in unstructured environments.
* Ability to be adaptive and introspective; willingness to learn, teach, lead and follow.
* Ability to continuously learn, work independently, and make decisions with minimal direction.
* Ability to collaborate in teams of technical and non-technical individuals, and comfortable working in a constantly evolving environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users.
* An eagerness to creatively solve technical problems with data structures, storage systems, cloud infrastructure, front-end frameworks, and other technical tools.
* Interest in working with and using large scale data to solve valuable business problems.
* Ability to travel as needed. Varies by location and team.
* Proficiency with one or more programming languages, such as Python, Java, C++, TypeScript/JavaScript, or similar.
* Engineering background, preferred in fields such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics, and Data Science.

### What We Require

* Active Australian Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain an Australian Security clearance.
* Must be planning on graduating in 2026. This should be your final internship before graduating.

**Offer Deadline**

In an effort to build more transparency into our recruitment process, we’d like to share our offer deadline expectations. By applying to this position, you commit to confirming your decision within two weeks of receiving your written offer.

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the city and or country in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*
