---
title: Software Engineer - Edge
status: active
id: 397fb983-47b7-4a53-a7df-f080f43f7720
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/397fb983-47b7-4a53-a7df-f080f43f7720
lastmod: '2025-11-04T20:51:15.959000+00:00'
date: '2025-11-04T20:51:15.959000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Product Development
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir is at the forefront of some of the most critical and challenging problems in the world. We develop alongside our customers everyday. Our customers span from the cloud to the frontline. As we adapt to solve their most pressing issues in latency, performance, and compute cost, we are building a team of software engineers relentlessly focused on low-level optimization and novel compute architectures. This is a team of developers creating software for the far-edge, including streaming ETL pipelines, inference platforms, and various timing critical applications.

This role requires an experienced software engineer who is well versed in low-level development in compiled, native languages such as Rust and C/C++. A successful candidate can optimize software for constrained embedded devices or across large-scale distributed systems. You should have strong knowledge of computer architecture and OS internals.

### Core Responsibilities

* Develop high-performance software that runs in distributed systems at the edge and in the cloud.
* Process high-bandwidth sensor and network data streams to deliver real-time insights.
* Architect optimized, hardware-aware software systems.
* Collaborate directly with customers to derive and refine requirements.
* Participate in code reviews, design discussions, and mentor other engineers as needed.

### What We Value

* Ability to independently decompose and solve ambiguous, complex problems alongside customers with minimal guidance.
* Deep knowledge of computer architecture and experience with hardware-software interfaces.
* Proficiency with Linux and basic IP networking concepts.
* Systems programming experience (e.g., writing device drivers or implementing custom TCP/UDP protocols).
* Strong communication skills and a collaborative mindset.

### What We Require

* 4+ years of professional software development experience.
* Strong coding and debugging skills in compiled, native languages (e.g., Rust, C, C++).
* Experience developing, maintaining, and debugging software for resource-constrained environments.
* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
* Active US Security clearance, or eligibility and willingness to obtain one.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
