---
title: Software Engineer - Developer Productivity
status: active
id: 3c84af24-b7aa-483e-b2c3-e1d83494fe15
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/3c84af24-b7aa-483e-b2c3-e1d83494fe15
lastmod: '2022-11-08T23:58:24.865000+00:00'
date: '2022-11-08T23:58:24.865000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Are you passionate about engineering quality, efficiency, and increasing the impact of engineers around you?

Software Engineers at Palantir build software at scale to transform how organizations globally use data. As a Software Engineer on Developer Productivity, you’ll identify, develop, and drive investments to improve the velocity and quality of our engineering, as well as bolster the happiness and productivity of other developers.

The role spans a spectrum of areas, such as build and software supply-chain systems, platform runtime environments, telemetry relating concurrency, memory/performance optimizations, and monitoring/alerting. Your primary users will be other developers at Palantir. They will be empowered with the software you develop to build capabilities used by research scientists, aerospace engineers, intelligence analysts, and economic forecasters in countries around the world. There will be opportunities to contribute to open source software, including projects maintained by others that we leverage. You’ll work autonomously within a community that will support and challenge you as you grow to become a strong technical contributor and engineering leader.

The team is hiring for Frontend and Backend engineers.

**Core Responsibilities**

We're hiring engineers who are passionate about solving real-world problems and empowering developers to do their work optimally. If you’re motivated to develop reliable, performant, scalable systems and tools, here are some examples of the types of work you’d get to do:

• Define and build standard practices for how services are operated and observed throughout their deployment

• Build libraries and tooling for defining service APIs and the RPC interactions between microservices; like the [conjure](https://github.com/palantir/conjure) ecosystem

• Unify frontend build and CI infrastructure across all of Palantir

• Help developers understand and adhere to development practices by building great tools and development processes

• Push Palantir to the cutting edge of software supply chain security

### Technologies We Use

* A variety of languages, including Java, Go, and TypeScript
* Open-source databases like Cassandra, Lucene, Elasticsearch
* Open-source libraries/frameworks like GraphQL, Undertow, Jackson, and Log4j
* Industry-standard build tooling, including Gradle, Webpack, CircleCI, and GitHub

### What We Value

* Expertise and depth of understanding of a technology or problem space. Embracing, centralizing, and abstracting complexity away from our users in order to expose simple, powerful APIs for consumers that solve otherwise incredibly complex technical problems.
* Ability to understand how technical decisions impact individuals who will use what you’re building and drive to super-power those people.
* Empathy for developer and operator workflows and productivity.
* Awareness of recent industry practices and open source advancements.
* Active US Security clearance, or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance is beneficial but not necessary.

### What We Require

* 2+ years of software engineering experience, preferably in fields such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics
* Strong coding skills with demonstrated proficiency in programming languages, such as Java, C++, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, or similar languages
* Great problem solving skills with ability to dive into and navigate existing complex systems
* Familiarity with data structures, storage systems, cloud infrastructure, and other technical tools
* Strong written and verbal communication skills

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
