---
title: Web Application Developer - Defense
status: active
id: 4255e21c-d0f2-4f57-b5db-1f65830d6425
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/4255e21c-d0f2-4f57-b5db-1f65830d6425
lastmod: '2024-01-30T19:26:33.232000+00:00'
date: '2024-01-30T19:26:33.232000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir's defense product vertical builds mission-critical products for the modern warfighter. We provide a complete ecosystem where customers can securely integrate and visualize their data, and build sophisticated, full-fledged programs such as common operating pictures, alert-triaging inboxes, and resource allocation planning tools driven by rich-ML models. Our customers use our defense offering to perform rich analyses that drive core operations within their organizations - these programs are relied upon for daily operations in the command centers and battlefronts of militaries across the world.

This is a frontend engineering role focused on application development for our defense product offering, where you will be responsible for crafting the applications that organizations use every day to keep their countries safe. You will be architecting and developing interfaces to make sophisticated, data-intensive workflows both powerful and approachable, including to non-technical users. You may spend one day talking to users to better understand their needs and identifying product gaps to improve. The next day, you might find yourself putting that customer context to use and brainstorming how to handle intricate UX needs with your teammates. You’ll regularly face sophisticated technical problems, requiring you to scope out the solution design and finding an incremental path to shipping the new features. As part of this, you will own APIs and schemas that power your frontend code, and work with backend engineers in developing them together. You’ll be constantly exploring new horizons and building new skills in service of real world needs: between type theory, operational transforms, 2D and 3D mapping, UI design systems, high-scale graphics rendering, evidence-based performance optimization, and the never-ending need to decompose user asks into rich, sophisticated, and maintainable software, there is always a new challenge to be faced.

**Core Responsibilities**

As a frontend engineer working on our defense product offering, you will be involved throughout the product lifecycle - from idea generation, design, and prototyping to execution and shipping.

### Some examples of product work you could work on are:

* Build for high-scale, collaborative, geospatial workflows ([Gaia](https://palantir.highspot.com/items/646ccc59a8597170f9609759?lfrm=shp.2))
* Design sophisticated frameworks to enable complex workflows across applications in a single workspace
* Develop the next generation of real-time collaborative tooling and data-analysis solutions ([Secure Collaboration](https://www.palantir.com/offerings/defense/secure-collaboration/capabilities/))

### Technologies We Use

* Typescript and React are central to our frontend development.
* Blueprint as a re-usable frontend component library.
* A combination of open-source and internal technologies that suit the problems at hand.
* Industry-standard build tooling, including Gradle, Webpack, GitHub, and CircleCI.

### What We Value

* Passion for building user interfaces that enable users to tackle their problems.
* Ability to work optimally in teams of technical and non-technical individuals, e.g. brainstorming and iterating with product designers
* Skill and comfort working in a constantly evolving environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users.
* Experience building high-quality software in a fast-paced CI/CD development environment
* Proven ability to learn continuously, work independently, and make decisions with minimal supervision.
* Ability to learn new technology and concepts, even without in-depth experience. Motivated by unlocking or improving user workflows while still maintaining engineering quality.

### What We Require

* 2+ years of frontend software engineering experience.
* Strong frontend coding skills. Regardless of which frameworks you use or how you learned them, we’re looking for people who can write clean, effective code. You should already have proficiency in JavaScript and an understanding of how web technologies work.
* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent understanding of algorithms, performance, and systems design.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.
* Eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
