---
title: People Relations Specialist
status: active
id: 4a245bf7-0467-4436-ac22-7bad194c1a12
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/4a245bf7-0467-4436-ac22-7bad194c1a12
lastmod: '2026-05-06T19:06:29.940000+00:00'
date: '2026-05-06T19:06:29.940000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- People
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

### **The Role**

As a People Relations Specialist, you will partner with our Employment Counsel, People Partners, and the business to address, navigate, and productively manage people issues surrounding conduct, performance, and culture. You will be responsible for running workplace investigations end to end and will partner with Employment Counsel, People Partners and Business Leaders on owning outcomes and closing out cases in a manner consistent with our culture and business values. In addition to resolving investigations, complaints and determining appropriate disciplinary actions, you will also provide pragmatic HR advice and assist the broader People Team with other employment issues and cross functional efforts that shape our culture, values, and offerings.

### Core Responsibilities

* Lead all aspects of People Relations cases, including: Partnering with People Partners and Employment Counsel on investigation strategy and risk assessment. Conducting interviews, preparing reports, and owning investigation outcomes and close out. Tracking and preparing status updates, coordinating input from multiple team members; and advising and overseeing disciplinary and remediation actions.
* Support sophisticated and/or nuanced people focused discussions around topics like performance, team dynamics, cultural topics, etc.
* Develop programs and training and policy content on People Relations issues and host regular training sessions for employees.
* Partner with People Team to create data-driven solutions that highlight employee relations trends and advise decision-making.
* Partner with People Partners and other internal leaders on people focused programs that ensure our employee population is supported to do their best work.
* Contribute to internal and external audits / projects relating to HR and compliance policies and practices.

### What We Value

* Ability to operate with empathy and work toward de-escalation of challenging and/or intense conversations.
* Ability to navigate nuanced situations, calibrate with stakeholders, and display good judgement.
* Ability to model respectful and conscientious behavior in difficult and uncomfortable situations surrounding an investigation.
* Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with ability to deal with critical matters and establish and build trust in cross-functional relationships.
* Ability to work independently, stay highly organized, and prioritize a number of matters efficiently.

### What We Require

* 3+ years of experience in employee relations in an Employee Relations Specialist, HR Business Partner, or equivalent role.
* Validated knowledge of HR processes and US & UK employment laws. Background in other international jurisdictions a plus.
* Ability to build trust with a variety of stakeholders, understand business context and strategy, and navigate nuanced org structures.
* Experience in conducting workplace concern intake meetings, investigations, and conflict resolution.
* Experience in building out Employee Relations processes and best practices.
* Excellent written and verbal communication technique and style in the area of workplace concerns and investigation.
* Excellent writing, presentation, and training skills.
* Strong analytical and problem solving ability.
* Background in the tech sector and/or with sales organizations is a plus.
* Ability to travel occasionally.

### **Salary**

The salary range for this position is estimated to be $75,000 - $120,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
