---
title: Forward Deployed Enablement Engineer - Customer Success
status: active
id: 4cba9c95-d16f-440d-83e7-2352480f689f
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/4cba9c95-d16f-440d-83e7-2352480f689f
lastmod: '2024-11-13T10:59:47.380000+00:00'
date: '2024-11-13T10:59:47.380000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Forward Deployed Enablement Engineers are embedded with centralized customer success teams to maximize the outcomes of our deployed products and workflows across all commercial customers from small-scale start-ups to large enterprises. This role balances high-level support responsibilities with the development of innovative tooling and infrastructure to scale customer enablement effectively. You are a resourceful, gritty and adaptable problem solver who is able to work both collaboratively and independently to resolve difficult and nebulous technical issues, as well as work productively with external customers to debug and resolve their problems.

Palantir’s Customer Success team helps our customers build on Palantir’s Foundry & AIP Platforms to drive the workflows that power their most important business outcomes. In this role, you’ll leverage your problem-solving abilities, creativity, and technical skills to support and guide customer development teams, ensuring they can effectively build and optimize their workflows. You’ll have the opportunity to gain rare insight into and contribute to some of the world’s most important industries and institutions.

Every day at Palantir is different: we’re constantly evolving to better respond to customer needs, and you will have the opportunity to contribute your creativity and problem-solving to internal processes and tools that define how we deliver business value to the customer with increasing efficacy and efficiency.

Every Palantirian is encouraged to play to their personal strengths, so there is no “one size fits all” approach to engineering at Palantir. The scope of this role is intentionally broad so that people can find their strengths and grow in a way that excites them.

### No two days are the same, but as a Forward Deployed Enablement Engineer you can expect to:

* Respond to and triage incoming support requests from both internal and external teams.
* Provide guidance to customer engineers and unblock their workflows on Palantir’s platform.
* Build with Foundry and AIP to enhance enablement operations and use your creativity to solve novel problems that deliver more value to internal and external stakeholders.
* Collaborate with our Product Development teams to tackle workflow problems, resolve product issues, and inform product improvements.
* Partner with Business teams to understand and meet customer needs.
* Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation responsible for coordinating responses to critical customer-facing incidents.
* Take ownership as the first responder when things go wrong. Even if a problem is outside your area of expertise, you make the first move to fix it and pull in the necessary expertise to get the job done.

### What We Value

* Ability to continuously learn and work independently, making decisions with minimal supervision.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, capable of interacting effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Strong creative problem solving skills.
* Comfortable working in a rapidly changing environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users.
* Proficiency with one or more programming languages or data engineering frameworks, such as Python, SQL, Spark, Java, C++, TypeScript/JavaScript, or similar.

### What We Require

* Background in Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering or STEM
* OR equivalent relevant practical experience in a technical or engineering role

Our team has people from a variety of backgrounds—people who studied computer science, sales, psychology, or went to a bootcamp; people who joined Palantir right after university; and people who joined our team after switching industries. We value skills and mindset over a specific educational background.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $110,000 - $147,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
