---
title: Hacking for Health - UK Summer Bootcamp
status: active
id: 54530b3f-7446-4600-aef3-bfeb47101830
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/54530b3f-7446-4600-aef3-bfeb47101830
lastmod: '2022-05-13T20:30:10.315000+00:00'
date: '2022-05-13T20:30:10.315000+00:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- Scholarship
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

**Hack to prevent a global pandemic and explore the possibilities of a career in tech at Palantir!**  
  
**We are now accepting applications for our Summer 2026 bootcamp aimed at students finishing their A Level or equivalent studies in the summer of 2027. Apply before Friday 19th June.**  
  
A potential pandemic looms as lesser-known diseases threaten global health. Determined to avert disaster, the Global Pandemic Prevention Initiative (GPPI) is racing to immunise large populations against these emerging threats. How can they ensure adequate vaccine stock, manage distribution costs, and prioritise the right diseases to vaccinate against?  
  
That's where you come in. Over four days at Palantir, you will use your problem-solving and data skills to devise a solution to this notional scenario. Armed with cutting-edge technology, and helped by our own engineers, you will develop a solution to a problem that has challenged countries across the globe.  
  
The Solving Problems with Data Summer Bootcamp is a four-day insight into the world of tech. You’ll get a crash course in the fundamentals of solving problems with data, where we’ll teach you how to break down complex real world problems and build data-driven solutions using Palantir Foundry.   
  
You’ll gain a deeper understanding of the career opportunities available in technology, as well as introductions to skills that you can take forward into your studies and career, such as working with data, Python, TypeScript, and using AI to solve real-world problems.  
  
In addition to hands-on technical sessions, you’ll participate in workshops with our Ethics, Privacy and Civil Liberties (PCL), and Information Security teams, covering ethics in tech, how technology can be used to preserve privacy and civil liberties, and cybersecurity fundamentals.  
  
You’ll work collaboratively with your fellow bootcampers on challenging, motivating problems; developing your skills, and broadening your perspective on the possibilities of careers in tech.  
  
You’ll also find that our internal community is full of people who are excited to meet you, build community with you, and support your growth! You’ll have a breadth of opportunities to learn about the different technical roles at Palantir and connect with Palantirians to learn more about their unique journeys into tech.  
  
This program is open to students finishing their A Level or equivalent studies in the summer of 2027. We especially encourage students from communities that are historically underrepresented in STEM to apply.

### The Solving Problems with Data Summer Bootcamp is open to any student who meets all of the eligibility criteria below:

* Applicants *must* be finishing their A Level (or equivalent) studies in the summer of 2027.
* Applicants *must* be studying Maths or Computer Science A Level (or equivalent) and have an interest in pursuing a STEM degree.
* Applicants *must* be available to complete the program in-person at Palantir’s London office between **24th-27th August 2026**. Palantir will cover travel costs of up to 50 GBP per day, with flexibility to support higher costs on a case-by-case basis.

### To apply, please submit the following:

* Most recent resume or CV. Please ensure that your A-Level (or equivalent) subject choices and expected graduation year are clearly listed.
* Responses to three application questions:
* What’s an important problem the world faces today that you would like to solve? Describe what data you would need to solve this problem, what that data might look like, and how it might be used.
* Tell us about a project you worked on that really motivated or inspired you. How were you involved in this project, why did it inspire you and what challenges did you have to overcome?
* What about this opportunity interests you and how do you expect it to benefit you?

**TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

By applying to the Solving Problems with Data Summer Bootcamp, you understand and agree that any personal data collected in connection with your online application may be used by Palantir Technologies Inc. and our subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners worldwide (collectively, “Palantir”) for purposes of processing your application, organizing and administering the Scholarship and complying with all applicable legal obligations. All personal data that you provide is subject to [Palantir’s Privacy and Security Statement](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/). Further, if you opt-in to be contacted for future employment opportunities with Palantir, you understand and agree that Palantir will retain your personal information for that purpose and may contact you in the future.

**QUESTIONS?**

Please direct all questions to [summerbootcamp@palantir.com](mailto:summerbootcamp@palantir.com).

**ACCOMMODATIONS**

Palantir is committed to making the application process accessible to everyone. If you are living with a disability (visible or not visible) and require a reasonable accommodation please reach out to [accommodations@palantir.com](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com).

Please be advised that this application is for an insight program and not a job opportunity.
