---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Network Infrastructure
status: active
id: 55005ee7-4e06-4520-b569-f6e8f26745cb
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/55005ee7-4e06-4520-b569-f6e8f26745cb
lastmod: '2024-02-27T19:16:55.305000+00:00'
date: '2024-02-27T19:16:55.305000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Senior Software Engineer on Network Infrastructure you will be joining a team whose mission is to make a highly dynamic and intricate Kubernetes networking tech stack a pleasure to interact with, in addition to being legible, robust and secure.

The Network Infrastructure team owns the tech responsible for north-south and east-west traffic flows across 100s of zero-trust K8s clusters running variable workloads. The team solves the novel technical challenges emergent at the intersection of scale, usability and security: enabling dynamic control over ephemeral infrastructure (10s of thousands of firewall rules targeting 1000s of short-lived pods) across multiple compliance regimes, using CNCF tools like envoy, cilium with K8s controllers to operate them. In this role, you will be working in one of the most technically challenging spaces at Palantir.

### Core Responsibilities

* Drive Palantir’s infrastructure strategy while grappling with the needs of your team’s diverse customer base
* Build the APIs through which both internal and external software developers interact with network infrastructure
* Deeply understand and leverage K8s networking primitives and the broader OSS ecosystem around K8s
* Champion a long-term roadmap to reduce operational burden, ensure scalability, reduce risk, and strive for transformative impact

### What We Value

* Clear and concise verbal and written communications with a focus on impact and ability to articulate the value your work provides
* Ability to engage stakeholders and ensure timely delivery to address core business needs
* Passion for designing thoughtful and robust APIs
* Deep familiarity with K8s, and the broader ecosystem of software around K8s
* Working knowledge of networking fundamentals, experience with CNIs or cloud networking infrastructure preferred
* Experience designing, building, and operating high-scale observability or infrastructure systems
* Strong coding skills in Go, Java, or equivalent

### What We Require

* 3+ years of professional software development experience
* 1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by candidate’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
