---
title: Forward Deployed Software Engineer - UK Government
status: active
id: 57a3f928-e7d3-4037-8196-b38e2f867152
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/57a3f928-e7d3-4037-8196-b38e2f867152
lastmod: '2023-01-11T17:48:32.149000+00:00'
date: '2023-01-11T17:48:32.149000+00:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- Delta
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Forward Deployed Software Engineers (FDSEs) understand our customers’ greatest pain points and design end-to-end solutions to address them. FDSEs solicit constant feedback on their work from both customers and colleagues, improving our products over time with rapid iteration cycles.

FDSEs deploy ground breaking technical solutions to solve our customers’ hardest problems. Projects often start with a nebulous question like “Why are we losing customers?” or “How can we more effectively identify instances of money laundering?” FDSEs lead the way in developing a solution, from high-level system design and prototyping to application development and data integration. As an FDSE, you leverage everything around you: Palantir products, [open source technologies](https://palantir.github.io/), and anything you and your team can build to drive real impact.

You work with customers around the globe, where you gain rare insight into the world’s most important industries and institutions. We help our customers detect insider trading, improve disaster relief, fight healthcare fraud, and more. Each mission presents different challenges, from the regulatory environment to the nature of the data to the user population. You will work to accommodate all aspects of an environment to drive real technical outcomes for our customers.

**Core Responsibilities**

FDSEs responsibilities look similar to those of a startup CTO: you’ll work in small teams and own end-to-end execution of high stakes projects. A day might span discussing architecture with fellow engineers, wrangling massive-scale data, coding a custom web app, speaking with customer executives, or establishing strategy for your team.

Do you aspire to be an entrepreneur or an engineering leader? If yes, we believe Palantir is the best place — with the best colleagues — to learn how!

### What We Value

* Strong engineering background, preferred in fields such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics or relevant experience.
* Familiarity with data structures, storage systems, cloud infrastructure, front-end frameworks, and other technical tools.
* Understanding of how technical decisions impact the user of what you’re building.
* Ability to work effectively in teams of technical and non-technical individuals.
* Skill and comfort working in a rapidly changing environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users.
* Demonstrated ability to continuously learn, work independently, and make decisions with minimal supervision.

### What We Require

* 1+ years of relevant, post-college work experience.
* Strong engineering background, preferred in fields such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics, and Data Science.
* Strong coder with shown proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Java, C++, TypeScript/JavaScript, or similar.
* Ability to travel 25 – 75% required. Varies by location and team.
* Security clearance or the ability to obtain a clearance.

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the city and or country in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*
