---
title: Revenue Accounting Manager
status: active
id: 678d05bc-ea79-45ad-bdce-7a06a7cd9a54
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/678d05bc-ea79-45ad-bdce-7a06a7cd9a54
lastmod: '2026-04-28T16:17:23.595000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-28T16:17:23.595000+00:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Finance
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

### The Role

The Finance Team supports and empowers Palantirians through both day-to-day operations and a solution oriented approach to problem solving. As a member of the Revenue Team, you will be responsible for guiding your customer & deal portfolio through the quote-to-cash process, analyzing and reviewing complex revenue transactions, as well as continually refining our revenue recognition policies. You will need to be able to articulate revenue guidance clearly while supporting legal and deal team on contract drafting to maximize revenue. You will also provide direction on technical revenue accounting issues and be able to explain the accounting impact to the internal stakeholders across various teams including Business Development/Sales, Legal, and Finance during the contract negotiation process. You will work closely with Sales, Finance, and Accounts Receivable teams to ensure the health of your portfolio and participate in global month/quarter end revenue close.   
  
You are a hands on self-starter who loves to collaborate, and who is always looking to improve upon the status quo. The position requires strong technical, analytical, attention to details and communication skills.

### Core Responsibilities

* Manage the revenue recognition process from the contract negotiation phase to financial statement disclosure.
* Partnering with Legal and Sales teams to optimize contractual structures to achieve business objectives while ensuring compliance with policies and revenue recognition rules.
* Exercise judgment while ensuring that accounting conclusions are documented in technical memos in accordance with policies and current software revenue recognition rules.
* Drive revenue and cost of revenue month-end close process by creating and validating accruals, preparing and reviewing journal entries and account reconciliations, ensuring policy compliance and developing standard reports.
* Provide technical guidance, training, and support to the Finance, Legal, and Business Development/Sales teams.
* Work actively with internal and external auditors to ensure that revenue recognition policies and interpretations are consistent and adhere to GAAP.
* Identify, champion, and implement continuous improvement initiatives related to revenue processes, including systems, reporting, analysis
* Partnering with business leadership and the Sales/Finance team on revenue forecasting processes.

### What We Value

* Strong communications, presentation, and interpersonal skills, including the ability to summarize key accounting and operational issues to business partners and leadership.
* Complex analytic problem solving and project management skills.
* Proficiency with NetSuite and/or other revenue recognition accounting systems.
* CPA or ACCA/ACA (preferred but not required).

### What We Require

* Extensive experience in application of ASC 606, specifically in the application to enterprise software-as-a-service.
* 5+ years’ experience within a large public accounting firm and/or a small to mid-size enterprise software company.
* Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in business administration, economics, finance, accounting, or related field.

### **Salary**

The salary range for this position is estimated to be $90,000 - $150,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
