---
title: Forward Deployed Reliability Engineer
status: active
id: 689e6869-01bc-40f1-b580-adb33a020065
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/689e6869-01bc-40f1-b580-adb33a020065
lastmod: '2026-02-10T14:31:06.362000+00:00'
date: '2026-02-10T14:31:06.362000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Product Development
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Forward Deployed Reliability Engineer (FDRE), you ensure stability and reliability of mission-critical workflows built on Palantir software. You gather signal by going on call — resolving problems before the customer is impacted — and use those learnings to drive product change, shape our internal tooling, and refine our operational processes such that we provide an increasing quality of service to more and more customers.

Your approach is hands-on and pragmatic: you’ll rapidly address issues as they arise with quick and effective solutions and advocate for workflow or product improvements after the immediate issue is resolved. You are energized by engaging directly with problems, from writing a script to automate a manual task, to finding creative workarounds, or building a case for a product enhancement. You don’t just fix issues— you look for opportunities to simplify, automate, and make the entire system more resilient.

An FDRE synthesizes learnings from support into best practices for others to follow. These are captured into documentation and shared with the team and broader organization. In this way, you raise the bar for reliability and efficiency across Palantir.

### Core Responsibilities

* Develop a deep understanding of Palantir's products and operational processes
* Go on-call, responding quickly and effectively to mission-critical incidents
* Diagnose, resolve, and proactively prevent issues encountered in the field
* Collaborate with internal stakeholders to increase the scalability and reliability of Foundry workflows for our customers
* Identify recurring pain points and inefficiencies, and take initiative to automate or streamline workflows
* Advocate for and implement product enhancements based on insights gleamed from the field
* Create clear, actionable documentation and share best practices to elevate team and company-wide reliability

Note: While active work is not required on weekends or outside business hours, you must be available to respond to critical outages during assigned on-call weeks.

### What We Value

* Ability to work independently and collaboratively to solve ambiguous technical and operational challenges
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, capable of interacting effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Proficiency in Python, Java, and SQL
* Familiarity with parallel data processing and Spark job optimization
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail, with the ability to prioritize effectively
* Resourcefulness and creativity in fast-paced dynamic environments
* Experience with root cause analysis and documenting solutions for broader impact
* Enthusiasm for hands-on problem solving, continuous improvement, and knowledge sharing

### What We Require

* Background in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or other technical field
* Must be a US citizen or green card holder

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $110,000 - $147,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
