---
title: Mixed Reality Developer
status: active
id: 74aed644-d963-4c5d-b7a0-149bc35f9c50
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/74aed644-d963-4c5d-b7a0-149bc35f9c50
lastmod: '2023-06-15T14:45:11.027000+00:00'
date: '2023-06-15T14:45:11.027000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Software Developer in Palantir’s Mixed Reality Group (MRG), you will join a Tier 1 team of researchers, 3D artists, immersive UX designers, and cross-discipline engineers to bring the most exquisite software of our time to the factory floor, the battlefield, and the briefing room. You will collaborate with customers, operators, MR designers, and Forward Deployed Engineers to deliver force-multiplying apps that exceed tomorrow’s requirements today. Further, you will work on high-impact, mission-critical flows in both 3D mixed reality and 2D end-user devices while fielding performance-sensitive infrastructure for bespoke next-generation mixed reality hardware, sensors, and data platforms.

### Core Responsibilities

* Architect, develop, debug, document, and deploy performant high-FPS Mixed Reality applications
* Invent and improve novel techniques in immersive user experiences
* Deliver excellent products that command confidence and delight our users
* Rapidly develop prototypes and deployable code in augmented reality, virtual reality, and other immersive 2D and 3D user experiences
* Creating performant, power-efficient apps for mobile and embedded devices
* Leveraging modern application building paradigms, using PaaS and IaaS for GPU rendering, scaling, and clustering

### Technologies We Use

* Unity
* C#, Java, TypeScript, Rust, Go, C/C++
* Android tools (Android Studio, adb, etc.)

### What We Value

* Attentiveness to customer needs
* Tracking and executing multiple tasks in parallel, pivoting rapidly based on customer and business needs
* Dogged determination to develop reliable products that our users can trust for mission-critical operations
* Challenging dogma, fighting fixed mindsets, burning down bureaucracy at every opportunity
* Understanding of Defense and Intel industry product lifecycles
* Experience with Unity, Unreal, or similar game engines

### What We Require

* Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science **OR** equivalent job experience
* 2+ years technical engineering experience with programming in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
* Active US Security Clearance, or ability and willingness to obtain one

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $145,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
