---
title: Information Systems Security Manager
status: active
id: 7e29b1cc-7f0d-4b12-b66c-4a2e56738d7e
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/7e29b1cc-7f0d-4b12-b66c-4a2e56738d7e
lastmod: '2025-10-13T20:46:56.466000+00:00'
date: '2025-10-13T20:46:56.466000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir's impact and productivity in the US Government (USG) space depends on our ability to navigate the world of government and industrial security efficiently and responsibly. As the Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM), you own the systems that enable our employees to productively use our USG facilities and related enclaves in support of critical DoD missions. You are responsible for maintaining compliance, building resilient infrastructure, managing access to systems, and partnering with users to address a myriad of problems they may encounter as they build advanced capabilities. Our ideal candidate demonstrates a keen instinct for balancing compliance and functionality, has a desire to learn new skills, and a passion for helping others.

### Core Responsibilities

* Serve as the principal advisor on all matters, technical and otherwise, involving the security of the systems under their purview.
* Scale our infrastructure by creatively implementing automated solutions.
* Collaborate with your fellow ISSMs, ISSOs, FSOs, and broader business stakeholders to provide consistent solutions to all of our facilities.
* Create and manage user-facing guides, POA&Ms, SSPs, ATOs, and other relevant USG documentation.
* Integrate new hardware and software technologies into our USG infrastructure.
* Familiar with eMASS and managing the system security authorization package to ensure all requirements are met and submitted.
* Ensure all requirements and implementation procedures listed within the system security authorization package are in accordance with the NISPOM, NIST SP 800-53, DAAPM, or other governing policies.
* Manage relationships with upstream vendors and sponsors.
* User account provisioning, deletions, and general LDAP & AD maintenance.
* Familiar with using ELK or other SIEMS to build reports and visualizations to ensure monitoring, alerting, and auditing requirements are met.
* Familiar with DoD cyber security tools such as Endpoint Security Solutions, ACAS, STIGs, and SCAP. Demonstrate knowledge of how these tools are configured and used to ensure compliance.

### What We Value

* Willingness to contribute across additional critical cross-team functions and projects.
* Effective communication with a customer service oriented mentality.
* Willingness to travel up to 10% of the time preferred, but not required.

### What We Require

* Active US TOP SECRET or SECRET with willingness and ability to upgrade to TOP SECRET security clearance.
* Intermediate level foundational certification ISSM(722) (per DOD 8140), in 8570 this was known as IAM Level 2 certification.
* Active Computing Environmental certification such as Linux+, CCNA, or other.
* At least 3 years experience in a technical role (user support, technical compliance, system administration, etc.) at an accredited USG facility.
* Demonstrated proficiency in relevant Windows administration tasks including AD, DNS, Group Policy, and SCCM/MDT.
* Practical experience with automation tools, including Powershell and Python.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $100,000 - $174,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
