---
title: Software Engineer - Apollo Systems
status: active
id: 832e4652-5088-4e5b-aeac-1e82ec3ebad4
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/832e4652-5088-4e5b-aeac-1e82ec3ebad4
lastmod: '2025-11-10T21:27:18.782000+00:00'
date: '2025-11-10T21:27:18.782000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Apollo is Palantir’s autonomous software management and deployment platform. It enables seamless, continuous delivery of mission-critical software (Foundry, Gotham, AIP) across a vast range of environments: on-prem, public cloud, disconnected (air-gapped) networks, and highly regulated settings (including IL-5 and FedRAMP).

As a Software Engineer on the Apollo team, you’ll build and operate a large-scale distributed system to allow the remote operation and maintenance of Kubernetes clusters. Our mission is to extract the entire state of a cluster into a portable, high-performance artifact within minutes, enabling full and almost instant cluster reconstruction from the ground up—all while pushing the limits of speed, reliability, and scale.

You’ll design and implement backup and restore solutions for Kubernetes, leveraging proprietary compression infrastructure tailored to Palantir’s unique deployment models. You’ll also build and optimize our container artifact store, which is based on the OCI (Open Container Initiative) [distribution spec](https://github.com/distribution/distribution)—the industry standard for storing and distributing container images and artifacts. You’ll own the backbone of every environment Apollo supports, from hyperscalers to Army trucks.

If you’re excited by challenges at the intersection of container technologies like OCI and docker, storage, and distributed systems, you’ll find opportunities here to dive deep into storage formats and low-level optimizations, where milliseconds matter. As we increasingly automate cluster creation and management on diverse hardware, you’ll play a key role in scaling Palantir’s presence at the edge and solving tough distributed systems problems. You’ll own the full development lifecycle—from idea generation and design, through implementation, to operation and support—while collaborating closely with both technical and non-technical stakeholders to deliver robust, impactful infrastructure. The usage of AI tools (Claude Code/Codex/Copilot) is highly encouraged!

### Core Responsibilities

* Build and maintain highly available systems responsible for orchestration of software deployment across hundreds of production environments
* Develop performance sensitive storage features and optimizations to store and serve Palantir products
* Engage and solve problems that customers need today with a tight feedback loop for what is important and what works
* Working directly with other teams to solve problems that cross the team boundary
* Debug complex issues and performance problems throughout the stack, including open source

### What We Value

* Systems programming experience with strong proficiency in golang, Java or equivalent. This is a highly hands on, code writing heavy position!
* Some familiarity with containers (Docker) and orchestration (Kubernetes) at scale
* Experience working with hosted container registries such as Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR), Google Artifact Registry, or Azure Container Registry (ACR) is highly desirable
* Familiarity with the OCI Distribution Spec and open source registry projects (e.g., [distribution/distribution](https://github.com/distribution/distribution),[Harbor](https://goharbor.io/))
* Experience designing, building, and operating high-scale observability or infrastructure systems
* Experience building high-quality software in a fast-paced CI/CD development environment
* High empathy for developer and operators workflows and productivity

### What We Require

* 4+ years of professional software development experience on core infrastructure with emphasis on operational excellence
* 2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $145,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual's relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
