---
title: Software Engineer - Mission Manager
status: active
id: 8aec0fba-0ac9-48a5-8f54-f2d8465d6698
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/8aec0fba-0ac9-48a5-8f54-f2d8465d6698
lastmod: '2025-08-08T21:32:54.101000+00:00'
date: '2025-08-08T21:32:54.101000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

[Mission Manager](https://www.palantir.com/mission-manager/) is Palantir’s PaaS for enabling US Government customers and vendors to run software securely and compliantly in the most sensitive environments, but without the overhead — whether connected, disconnected, [cloud](https://www.palantir.com/offerings/fedstart/), or [edge](https://www.palantir.com/offerings/defense/titan/). Built on the strength of Palantir’s Apollo platform, it provides the critical infrastructure needed to rapidly onboard and deploy applications into a secure Kubernetes-based ecosystem, freeing our customers to focus on building and powering mission-critical systems.

The Mission Manager offering is still in its earliest days, and by joining us now, you’ll define the strategy for how we develop and scale it — witnessing firsthand the impact of your work on critical missions and the new capabilities you unlock. You’ll drive this by building elegant, robust APIs powered by Kubernetes controllers, bridging the gap between a raw Kubernetes cluster and a fully featured, infrastructure-agnostic runtime that can meet the operational demands of hundreds of specialized microservices. You’ll undertake this challenge alongside an energized team with a wide array of backgrounds and skillsets, all united by an ambitious vision for what’s possible.

### Core Responsibilities

* Work closely with forward deployed and customer engineers to understand product gaps and identify both short- and long-term product improvements and fixes
* Engage with and internalize Palantir’s infrastructure strategy and the needs of our customer stakeholders
* Deeply understand and leverage K8s primitives, the broader OSS ecosystem around K8s, and highly technical service lifecycle semantics to solve business critical problems at scale
* Build and evolve the APIs through which in-house and customer software developers interact with K8s to satisfy their runtime needs, cleanly abstracting away the complex distributed systems powering them
* Work closely with your team and stakeholders to enable sustainable and timely delivery of technical solutions to address business needs
* Champion a long-term tech roadmap to reduce operational burden, ensure scalability, reduce risk, and strive for step-changes whenever possible

### What We Value

* Clear and concise verbal and written communications
* A focus on impact and an ability to articulate the value your work provides
* Confidence in troubleshooting complex systems issues independently using observability tools and service logs
* Experience developing and managing highly-available distributed systems
* Passion for designing thoughtful and robust APIs
* Deep familiarity with K8s, and the broader ecosystem of software around K8s
* Active US Security clearance, or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance

### What We Require

* 3+ years of professional software development experience
* 1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems
* 1+ years of experience as a mentor, tech lead or leading an engineering team
* Strong coding skills in Go, Java, or equivalent
* Experience designing, building, and operating high-scale observability or infrastructure systems
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
