---
title: Deal Operations Administrator
status: active
id: 8c59a77a-1a57-4a2b-9d03-0b757b719015
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/8c59a77a-1a57-4a2b-9d03-0b757b719015
lastmod: '2024-05-20T17:14:33.136000+00:00'
date: '2024-05-20T17:14:33.136000+00:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir’s in-house legal team works to proactively address legal issues so that Palantir can continue to drive positive impact in the world. We are deeply embedded in Palantir’s mission and culture, take time to connect with folks across the global Palantir community, and are viewed across the company as key to Palantir’s success.   
  
Legal Operations is the organizational backbone of the legal team at Palantir and our Deal Administrators directly support all aspects of revenue generation at the company. Our Deal Operations Administrators have a strong understanding of Palantir’s growth strategy, and are eager to implement and operationalize that strategy in our contracting processes. Our Deal Operations Administrators have a passion for helping others, making them an invaluable resource to our customer deal pipeline.  
  
As a Deal Operations Administrator, you will be handling a wide variety of responsibilities throughout the customer contracting lifecycle. You will support Palantir’s lawyers and contracting specialists, in collaboration with our sales team and executives, to facilitate the growth of our business by managing all aspects of contract administration. As part of the Deal Operations team, you will become an expert in your specific customer vertical, take ownership for specialized scaling projects and critical initiatives as it relates to each business unit. Throughout your work, you will take initiative, operate with resourcefulness, and execute quickly and effectively the processes that drive revenue at Palantir. You’ll leverage your excellent communication skills, and exercise tact and diplomacy in helping to manage relationships with teams across Palantir. Most importantly, you have a true desire to be helpful and go above and beyond to solve challenges.

### Core Responsibilities

* Steer contracts through internal systems and coordinate input from various teams across Palantir for expertise, review and negotiation
* Document drafting, processing, including formatting, clean-up, filing and executing agreements
* Pilot the completion of customer onboarding forms
* Ensure alignment on deals and forecasting expectations across a variety of teams at Palantir including legal, finance, deal team and sales
* Maintain accurate records, report project metrics and track contractual terms
* Manage business-specific strategic project work to enable the effective growth and scale of deal execution across the legal team

### What We Value

* Ability to pivot quickly, anticipate needs and execute autonomously, with a high sense of urgency
* Ability to collaborate with a cross-functional team, leveraging effective communication, strong writing and customer service skills
* Meticulous attention to detail and organization and a strong sense of ownership
* Demonstrated ability to identify business process inefficiencies and drive process improvements
* A “no task too big, no task too small” mentality. Willingness and ability to work outside of standard business hours as needed

### What We Require

* 3+ years of previous legal and/or contract administrative support experience, preferably in a fast-paced legal environment
* Proficiency in using Microsoft Office suite
* Experience with contract lifecycle management tooling
* Experience managing complex, cross-functional projects
* Initially 4 days per week in-office which can be reduced to 2-3 days longer term.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $75,000 - $112,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

### **Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
