---
title: Privacy & Civil Liberties Engineer - New Grad
status: active
id: 95e0d2b0-437a-4096-a5c6-0f247f426c90
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/95e0d2b0-437a-4096-a5c6-0f247f426c90
lastmod: '2026-06-25T19:00:58.129000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-25T19:00:58.129000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

### **The Role**

The [Privacy and Civil Liberties (PCL) Engineering](https://www.palantir.com/pcl/) team is an interdisciplinary team of software engineers, forward-deployed engineers, designers, lawyers, and policy experts. The first of its kind in the tech industry, Palantir’s PCL team was formed 15+ years ago as a rejection of the prevailing view that privacy protections must be sacrificed to national security interest. Today, the mission of the PCL team goes far beyond civil liberties protections, and our work challenges other false tradeoffs between operational effectiveness and the defining values of our society: Effective military operations [should not be at odds](https://blog.palantir.com/safeguarding-freedom-87080c30a712) with protecting civilians and upholding the Law of Armed Conflict. Deploying AI with scale and speed [should never compromise](https://blog.palantir.com/the-efficacy-and-ethics-of-ai-must-move-beyond-the-performative-to-the-operational-1792e933b34) safety, reliability, and governance. The PCL team builds software and forward deploys to ensure that our customers can pursue their hardest operational challenges while keeping ethical imperatives in plain sight. You can read more about the team [on the Palantir blog here](https://blog.palantir.com/subpage/671032fe606f).  
  
As a PCL Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and developing full-stack software products for privacy, data protection, AI governance, and accountability in Palantir’s software platforms. You may build security and governance primitives in our platform, applications for auditors, user-facing workflows for AI governance, internal tools for data protection, or something new all-together to help our customers address their next set of challenges. In every case, the software that you build will directly help our customers both carry out their missions more effectively and better meet their legal and ethical obligations. As part of this role, your efforts will be informed by collaborations with technical and non-technical teammates to understand our customers’ key challenges. Your technical approaches will entail engaging with and even helping to shape the latest developments in law and policy.   
  
The skills and background of successful candidates may vary highly, but curiosity, grit, and a drive to run toward hard socio-technical problems are critical for our team. We’re looking for engineers who are passionate about addressing real-world challenges and empowering our customers to carry out their workflows both effectively and responsibly.

### Core Responsibilities

* Architect, develop, and maintain high-performance, scalable, full-stack products that underpin critical workflows for governance, privacy, and security
* Build new greenfield solutions for emerging challenges in data governance and AI governance and iterate with customers in the field to refine these solutions based on real-world feedback
* Maintain high coding standards by actively participating in code reviews and fostering a culture of continuous improvement and knowledge sharing among our team
* Actively improve user workflows by collaborating with cross-functional teams, ensuring seamless experiences across product boundaries and a cohesive user experience across the platform
* Work closely with other Palantir engineers and customers to advise on best practices for privacy, data governance, AI testing & evaluation, and related topics in Palantir software platforms

### What We Value

* Demonstrated interest in both understanding the impact of technology in society and working to address it
* Passion for understanding users’ workflows and solving challenges with full-stack software solutions, while maintaining high engineering quality
* Ability to work collaboratively in teams of technical and non-technical individuals and understand how technical decisions impact the people who will use what you're building
* Skill and comfort working in a constantly evolving environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users
* Extraordinary ability to take on open-ended problems in unstructured environments
* Experience or curiosity in any of the following domains is a plus: privacy, data protection, AI governance, AI testing & evaluation, national security, technology policy, technology ethics

### What We Require

* Must be graduating in Fall 2026 or Spring 2027.
* Engineering background in Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics or similar field.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.

### **Salary**

The salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $145,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
