---
title: Commercial Contracts Specialist
status: active
id: 9675791e-59c3-4677-ac62-0c80c38da2eb
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/9675791e-59c3-4677-ac62-0c80c38da2eb
lastmod: '2022-03-24T19:38:53.190000+00:00'
date: '2022-03-24T19:38:53.190000+00:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir’s in-house legal team works to proactively address legal issues so that Palantir can continue to drive positive impact in the world. As a Commercial Contracts Specialist, you will be a non-attorney partnering closely with Commercial Counsel to effectively support our rapidly growing portfolio of commercial customers. In this role, you will also work closely with Palantir’s Sales, Legal, Finance, and Engineering teams, while owning the drafting, administration, and negotiation of commercial customer contracts, and building infrastructure to support our commercial customers at scale.

As you develop expertise with our commercial contracts and build relationships with our internal partners, you will become adept at quickly researching and answering factual and interpretive contractual questions as needed. You will also support various special projects that arise at our fast-paced, mission-focused company.

We’re a team that values both creativity and teamwork - whether operating solo or collaboratively, we seek to achieve great results on challenging, time-sensitive projects. You'll be given open ended objectives and will find ways to turn them into outcomes. By focusing on the broad vision without losing sight of the details, you'll bring large and multi-phase projects to successful completion while prioritizing team outcomes over individual wins. You are able to deliver complex information in an understandable way, and can manage high touch stakeholders in a constantly shifting landscape. You are ready to become an expert on the intricate details of the contracts that enable Palantir to implement its cutting-edge technology to solve real-world problems. You are passionate about conceiving and implementing scalable systems that increase your impact, and that of the Commercial Contracting team, over time.

### Core Responsibilities

* Optimize deal support by scaling Palantir’s processes, forms, and resources
* Collaborate with attorneys to structure, negotiate, and close large commercial customer contracts and complex commercial transactions
* Manage communications with prospective and existing customers during the contracting process and collaborate with internal Sales, Finance, and Engineering teams to drive deals to execution
* Advise internal partners on contract-related questions, tasks and best practices, using discretion and priority setting skills to escalate as necessary

### What We Value

* Ability to maintain accurate records, report project metrics and track contractual terms, using meticulous attention to detail and organization
* Demonstrated experience approaching problems creatively and analytically, remaining adaptable to a changing business landscape
* Ability to collaborate with a cross-functional team, leveraging effective communication, strong writing and customer service skills
* Demonstrated experience developing processes and trainings that drive team efficiency and transparency
* Willingness and ability to work outside of standard business hours as needed

### What We Require

* 3+ years of commercial contracting experience
* Experience drafting and negotiating software and SaaS agreements

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $90,000 - $130,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
