---
title: Corporate Counsel
status: active
id: 9804d4d1-bd2f-42d5-ae3e-3e3e51aa3830
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/9804d4d1-bd2f-42d5-ae3e-3e3e51aa3830
lastmod: '2024-03-01T20:44:25.697000+00:00'
date: '2024-03-01T20:44:25.697000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir’s in‑house legal team works to proactively address legal issues so that Palantir can continue to drive positive impact in the world. As Corporate Counsel, you will serve as a key advisor on corporate governance and securities matters, leveraging your public company experience to ensure our compliance and support our growth as a public company. You will take ownership of critical areas such as investment management, trading compliance, strategic transactions, corporate governance, and public company reporting. In addition, you’ll play a central role in structuring, implementing, and administering equity compensation plans for employees globally, collaborating with cross-functional teams to align our equity programs with Palantir’s mission and values. This is a high-impact role where you will consistently work cross-functionally and with leadership teams (including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and Chief Revenue Officer and Chief Legal Officer), and will translate complex legal requirements into clear communications and actionable strategies that support Palantir’s continued innovation and success as a public company.  
  
In this role, you will join a team that values broad-based experience and a relentless drive to learn quickly in a dynamic environment. We prioritize practical solutions and outcomes that ensure compliance with public company requirements while maximizing benefits for our employee base and advancing Palantir’s mission. Your ability to adapt, think creatively, and work collaboratively will be essential as you take on complex issues and transactions.

### What You'll Do

* Advise on a range of complex equity and corporate/securities issues.
* Help manage public company filings and related internal processes.
* Work on Board, Committee, and other corporate governance matters for Palantir and our subsidiaries and joint ventures.
* Assist with a variety of corporate and securities transactions, including M&A and other strategic investments.
* Assist in management and administration of Palantir’s equity portfolio.

### What We Value

* Resourcefulness and the ability to solve problems, including non-traditional or undefined problems, creatively and analytically.
* Ability to work independently and collaborate with cross-functional teams.
* Ability to communicate complex legal concepts in a way that is understandable and actionable.
* Ability to prioritize and communicate deadlines with internal and external stakeholders, and build constructive, high-trust relationships across teams and functions.
* Sound judgment and composure in high-pressure situations; display discretion and integrity in all interactions.

### What We Require

* JD and active bar membership (or equivalent international qualification).
* 4+ years’ experience as a corporate or securities attorney at a top firm or in-house (a combination is even better!)
* Knowledge of and experience with public company reporting requirements, corporate governance and board matters, and securities and strategic transactions.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with an ability to distill complexity into clarity.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
