---
title: Platform Intelligence Engineer
status: active
id: a753a9e7-a361-426b-9c25-3cf2488c1730
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/a753a9e7-a361-426b-9c25-3cf2488c1730
lastmod: '2025-12-15T21:11:27.652000+00:00'
date: '2025-12-15T21:11:27.652000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Product Development
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Platform Intelligence Engineers are the engine behind Palantir’s most strategic and important operations. Engineers are responsible for designing, creating, and maintaining the critical data infrastructure layer that powers decision-making across the business. This infrastructure enables teams to understand product usage, stability trends, cost efficiency, value creation, revenue streams, and more.

As an Intelligence Engineer, you will partner with teammates and leaders across the business to address, measure, and evaluate Palantir’s internal strategic and tactical performance. You will keep business outcomes in mind as you develop data pipelines, perform analysis, and work with stakeholders to operationalize insights that propel the business forward.

Depending on which team you join, you might analyze cloud utilization, user metrics, stability KPIs, cost optimizations, or even model pricing changes all while ensuring best in class support for our partner teams.

You will use Palantir’s platforms, just as Palantir’s customers do, to clean and enrich troves of data from disparate sources, allowing you to unlock key insights, create visualizations and custom applications that help drive day-to-day outcomes. Teams across Palantir will consult with and rely on you to help guide planning and decision-making for a wide range of topics while balancing various sets of priorities and weighing costs.

**About You**

You are proficient in Python and have experience in a previous or current job writing code on a day-to-day basis. You understand the challenges of finding the right data to answer a problem, cleaning data, and then distilling findings to executive-level insights under extreme time pressure. You are a master data manipulator — able to design systems, implement pipelines, decomp existing codebases, and clearly present findings to leadership.

You are a problem solver who loves gathering information from various sources, analyzing and presenting your recommendations to technical teams, business partners, and Palantir leadership. You are a top-level communicator who thrives in both cross-timezone collaborations as well as individual projects. You feel comfortable working in a data-rich and dynamic environment, putting various pieces of the puzzle together to create a coherent picture.

This position will offer an exciting work environment, wide-ranging exposure, and a chance to create a measurable impact on Palantir’s operations, customer satisfaction and bottom line.

### Core Responsibilities

* Design and implement enterprise data pipelines in Python
* Develop KPIs, create project plans, implement Pipelines that utilize data engineering best practices
* Monitor pipelines for stability, suggest and implement efficiency initiatives
* Partner with team members, engineering, product and business leaders to understand current user behavior and patterns across Palantir’s platforms
* Own projects end-to-end while communicating with stakeholders about milestones and performance
* Create engineering awareness and drive behavior change in the product organization in line with the team’s mission and goals
* Use Palantir’s platform to create data analysis and supporting visualizations, operational applications and executive dashboards
* Articulate feedback from real-world use for Palantir’s software engineering teams to help improve Palantir’s overall offerings
* Become an expert on foundational data that underpins Palantir’s software development, cost drivers, and internal operations
* Respond to strategic, tactical, and analytical questions from within Palantir about data and operations

### What We Value

* Experience with designing, building, and managing data pipelines
* Ability and desire to independently identify, analyze, and resolve ambiguous issues and self-check work
* Ability to thrive in a dynamic and changing environment, collaborating and working cross-functionally across teams
* Entrepreneurial spirit - always thinking about how data, process, views, understanding can be improved
* Keen interest in learning new tools and approaches to problems
* Love for bringing order to ambiguity
* Active US Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance is desirable

### What We Require

* Expertise and experience in Python
* Degree in Data Science, Finance, Math, Engineering, Computer Science or other similar quantitative fields
* 3+ years of relevant work experience

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $110,000 - $150,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
