---
title: Deal Team - Business Affairs
status: active
id: a7a77fc5-9f68-4ded-aad7-4814d96cb316
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/a7a77fc5-9f68-4ded-aad7-4814d96cb316
lastmod: '2021-09-14T21:26:12.683000+00:00'
date: '2021-09-14T21:26:12.683000+00:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Our Deal Team members collaborate with multiple Palantir teams to proactively engage with existing and prospective commercial customers, leading the structuring and negotiation of deal terms so that Palantir can continue to drive positive impact in the world.   
  
As a member of the Deal Team, you will partner closely with Palantir’s Legal, Finance, Sales, and Engineering teams to drive deal execution and support our growth efforts at scale, while directly owning the development and negotiation of commercial terms for commercial customers. You will use your expertise to unite our customer’s needs and considerations with our company’s strategy, using your creativity to identify the right commercial structure and approach for each customer. You will also utilize your understanding of the business landscape and build relationships with internal partners, increasing the visibility of deal progress and forecasting impact across all levels of our organization, from analysts to C-suite executives.   
  
In this role, you will also support various special projects that arise at our fast-paced, mission-focused company. We’re a team that values both creativity and teamwork. Whether operating solo or collaboratively, we endeavor to achieve great results on challenging, time-sensitive deal discussions and projects.   
  
You'll be given open ended objectives and expected to find ways to turn them into outcomes. By focusing on the broad vision without losing sight of the details, you'll bring large and multi-phase deals to successful completion while prioritizing team outcomes over individual wins. You are able to deliver complex commercial contract and deal information in an understandable way, and can manage high touch stakeholders in a constantly shifting landscape. You are ready to become an expert on the intricate details of deal negotiations and contracts that enable Palantir to implement its cutting-edge technology to solve real-world problems.

### Core Responsibilities

* Collaborate with Sales counterparts to develop the pricing terms and commercial structure for each commercial customer.
* Lead negotiations of commercial terms during the contracting process, guiding communications as appropriate for the situation.
* Draft materials in support of deal negotiations, including pricing proposals, term sheets and order forms, while advising the business on commercial structure implications including revenue impact and timing.
* Cooperate with internal Legal, Finance, Sales and Engineering teams to drive deals to execution, providing trusted guidance for navigating negotiations and procurement processes and maintaining engagement throughout the customer lifecycle to develop and negotiate commercial terms for renewal and up-sell opportunities.
* Ensure alignment of individual deal terms with company-wide strategy, while also addressing individual customer needs and considerations.
* Partner with Finance team to provide leadership with visibility of deal progress and forecasting impact.
* Present the results of our work and proposals for new deals to audiences ranging from analysts to C-suite executives, and distill your experiences with individual customers into suggested improvements for deal structures and contract terms.

### What We Value

* Experience drafting materials in deal negotiations such as pricing proposals, order forms, and contracts.
* Demonstrated experience approaching problems creatively and analytically.
* Ability to build strong relationships and collaborate both with a cross-functional team and with customers, leveraging effective communication as well as strong writing and customer service skills .
* Strong program/project management skills, including the ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment, and meet deadlines with minimal supervision or administrative support.
* Adaptive, empathetic, and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow.
* Willingness and ability to work outside of standard business hours as needed.

### What We Require

* 5+ years of commercial contracting, drafting or partnership negotiation experience; experience negotiating SaaS or other technology agreements is a definite plus.
* Education: Master of Business Administration (MBA) or Juris Doctor (JD) degree, with preference of JD.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus, and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
