---
title: Software Engineer - Apollo Platform
status: active
id: afea07a8-2721-45e6-a9ca-6580f3f9783c
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/afea07a8-2721-45e6-a9ca-6580f3f9783c
lastmod: '2022-08-10T22:58:00.651000+00:00'
date: '2022-08-10T22:58:00.651000+00:00'
location: Seattle, WA
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Are you excited about building world class platforms that power mission critical software at a huge scale? Apollo enables autonomous management and continuous deployment of software, wherever it is. We’re taking SAAS to where SAAS has not gone before: from on-premise, to various cloud providers, to disconnected environments (air-gapped), to strict accreditation frameworks including IL-5 and FedRAMP, and to the edge. You can read more about the problem Apollo was built to solve on [our blog](https://blog.palantir.com/a-sky-full-of-clouds-218b9db3f735) or watch our [Apollo demo day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kSGlg8d5mI).

As a Software Engineer on the Apollo platform you will build software at scale to transform how organizations around the world deploy software. You will be responsible for mission critical software powering deployment of software for both Palantir and its customers in the commercial and government space.

You have a curious mind, high bar for engineering quality and ability to work in a dynamic environment where the best idea wins. Apollo Software Engineers are involved throughout the product lifecycle. From idea generation, to design and prototyping, to execution, and shipping. As a Software Engineer, you'll collaborate closely with technical and non-technical counterparts to understand our customers' problems and build products that solve them.

Please note that this posting is open to all levels of experience.

### Core Responsibilities

* Build and maintain highly available systems responsible for orchestration of software deployment across hundreds of production environments
* Engage and solve problems that customers need today with a tight feedback loop for what is important and what works
* Working directly with other teams to solve problems that cross the team boundary
* Debug complex issues and performance problems throughout the stack

### What We Value

* Some familiarity with containers (Docker) and orchestration (Kubernetes)
* Experience developing and managing highly-available distributed systems
* Demonstrated success building systems that meet requirements around monitoring, stability, and scalability
* Experience building high-quality software in a fast-paced CI/CD development environment
* High empathy for developer and operators workflows and productivity

### Requirements

* Experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics or or similar field
* Strong software developer with demonstrated proficiency in programming languages, such as Java, Golang, C++, or equivalent
* Demonstrated ability to learn and work independently and make good decisions with minimal direction
* Strong written and verbal communication skills
* Great problem solving skills with ability to evolve complex systems

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by candidate’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
