---
title: Technical Writer
status: active
id: b11a97bd-ac86-4cf8-a008-ffe1772a190a
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/b11a97bd-ac86-4cf8-a008-ffe1772a190a
lastmod: '2021-08-12T01:08:45.962000+00:00'
date: '2021-08-12T01:08:45.962000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Product Development
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a technical writer and editor, you’ll play a key role in helping our customers succeed by creating, maintaining, and improving documentation that supports users of Palantir’s products.

At Palantir, we view documentation as a key part of product development. Working at the intersection of users and Palantir’s products, you will develop an understanding of user needs and help them get the most out of our software. You’ll be a thought partner with our product development teams, combining your communication skills with empathy for users and product knowledge. Your work will primarily be on written documentation, but may also include interactive tutorials, recorded demonstrations, or other communication channels.

Teams and individuals at Palantir operate with a high degree of autonomy and independence. In this role, you’ll be responsible for setting priorities for your work, deciding where to allocate your time based on an assessment of stakeholder and organizational needs. You should be comfortable thinking about the “big picture” narrative and structure of our documentation, as well as diving into the details. On any given day, you might find yourself editing a guide drafted by a developer, writing a new tutorial for a critical workflow, or identifying an area that needs improvement and partnering with a team to make the fix. You will also gain exposure to the technical infrastructure for composing and distributing platform documentation.

### Core Responsibilities

* Understand and communicate the value proposition of Palantir’s products.
* Create user documentation in partnership with developers and business teams.
* Review and edit documentation to maintain a high level of quality.
* Identify, triage, and resolve needs in documentation.
* Maintain style guides and best practices for writing, improving, and publishing documentation.
* Manage and structure multi-stakeholder documentation projects.
* Uphold a culture in which developers are engaged with documenting their products, including hosting training sessions and workshops.

### What We Value

* Commitment to quality and accuracy in communication and writing, with the ability to translate complex technical subjects into clear, concise prose suited for the intended audience.
* Ability to prioritize, adapt, and operate in unstructured environments as part of a fast-moving team.
* Enthusiasm for learning about and communicating new technology and concepts.
* Experience working with engineering teams as part of the software development process.

### What We Require

* Outstanding writing and editing skills.
* 3+ years of technical writing experience or similar experience in software development.
* Experience with programming, scripting, or statistical packages; previous work in software engineering or data science is a plus.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $88,000 - $122,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
