---
title: Forward Deployed Software Engineer - Autonomous Systems C2
status: active
id: c62264f5-5da8-40fe-9b44-f7f0f0012e11
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/c62264f5-5da8-40fe-9b44-f7f0f0012e11
lastmod: '2026-01-16T17:52:11.312000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-16T17:52:11.312000+00:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Product Development
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

We are seeking a Forward Deployed Software Engineer to join a newly-formed team focused on developing advanced Command and Control (C2) Software for Autonomous Systems for use in operational and tactical missions. This role involves building, integrating, and deploying state-of-the-art, full-stack solutions that combine sensors, effectors, UxVs, and intelligent decision-making systems to enable users to effectively execute and manage a variety of mission profiles that employ autonomous systems. You will work alongside other experts in sensing, artificial intelligence, and systems engineering to build and deliver solutions that redefine complex military and civilian mission scenarios in the real world.

### Core Responsibilities

* Build, test, integrate, and deploy mission-critical full-stack software solutions for C2 of multi-modal autonomous systems
* Integrate full-stack Autonomy C2 solutions into Palantir platform and with AI and autonomy software solutions such sensor and data fusion services, agentic decision making engines, and robotic control systems
* "Make things work" on the in the cloud, on-prem, and in hybrid-cloud environments, including tackling challenges in deployment, integration, security, and user experience
* Partner with multidisciplinary teams, including experts in sensing and fusion, artificial intelligence, systems engineering, user experience, and hardware and robotics experts to deliver well integrated solutions

### What We Value

* Proven experience in software development of user-facing full-stack systems, ideally (but not required) experience with developing user interfaces for graphical, textual, and/or verbal AI and large generative models
* Knowledge of software deployment and CI, handling streaming/real time data, design and front-end development, are all helpful
* Ability to manage complexity, take initiative in problem solving, and think critically under pressure
* Experience deploying and maintaining robust production systems

### What We Require

* 2+ years of professional software development experience
* 2+ years of experience integrating and deploying software to edge or autonomous systems (e.g. drones, self-driving, on-prem/edge servers)
* Strong proficiency in JS/TS, Python, Rust, or Java
* Experience with front-end frameworks like REACT
* Strong integration skills and experience with software deployment, CI and automation tools, navigating APIs and documentation, networking, security and authentication, Linux/GNU
* Bachelor's/Master's (or significant relevant work experience) in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, or related fields
* Active US Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance
* Ability to travel 25-75%, varies by location and team

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual's relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
