---
title: Systems Engineer - Business Systems
status: active
id: da426d8b-5963-42e5-9b19-84649cb519cc
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/da426d8b-5963-42e5-9b19-84649cb519cc
lastmod: '2022-06-08T17:41:10.834000+00:00'
date: '2022-06-08T17:41:10.834000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Technical Operations
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Systems Engineer in Palantir’s Technical Operations group, you’ll be joining a team that is the focal point for every major business workflow and decision at Palantir. You will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the infrastructure foundational to Palantir’s business operations, including financial reporting, sales, and personnel management. You’ll partner with our internal and external stakeholders to adapt industry tools to Palantir’s evolving needs, as well as expanding our use of Palantir Foundry and AIP for internal workloads.

In this role, you’ll provide technical expertise and vision to key stakeholders. A typical day could include evaluating new solutions, strategic planning to align technology initiatives with business outcomes, addressing high priority systems issues, cross-functional collaboration on system improvements, etc. Crucial to success is experience managing multiple business systems while remaining flexible and adaptable to changing requirements and evolving problems.

### Core Responsibilities

* Operational System ownership, Technical Leadership, and Technical Program Management
* End-to-end ownership of 2-3 core business systems, including general administration, platform configuration, and managing ticket queues with current developers
* Evolve deep understanding of applications and solutions to enable fast troubleshooting and drive system & process optimization
* Oversee and guide the broader Business Systems architecture, ensuring seamless integration of tools and data
* Provide solution architecting and strategic thought partnership with team leads
* Serve as a role model for exemplary technical implementation and innovation, while exploring and implementing forward-looking solutions and standardizations for efficiency
* Empower and develop team members to drive growth and achieve strategic goals through effective planning and outcome orientation

### What We Value

* Steadfast Pursuit of Outcomes: Embrace a results-driven ethos and commitment to doing what needs to be done
* Autonomy and Adaptability: Thrive in a flat, dynamic setting that values independence and self-guidance
* Intellectual Wanderlust: Cultivate a creative mindset and a willingness to explore new ideas and solutions
* Developer Mindset: Ability to write and debug code as part of system integrations or automation
* Mission-Infused: Stay inspired by and aligned with Palantir’s core mission, maintaining a deep connection to the pulse of our business
* Collective Growth: Nurture both personal and team development, fostering an atmosphere of shared progress

### What We Require

* At least 1 year of experience administering an HR, Finance, or Sales system
* Able to travel as needed to support business objectives
* Familiarity with at least one programming language

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $95,000 - $142,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus, and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
