---
title: Product Designer - US Government
status: active
id: dc02f308-bbcc-4163-b4fb-3f68efb2ce24
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/dc02f308-bbcc-4163-b4fb-3f68efb2ce24
lastmod: '2019-05-14T22:45:59.021000+00:00'
date: '2019-05-14T22:45:59.021000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Design
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

The Palantir Design Team is responsible for the human experience of using our software. Our team is growing rapidly, but we're committed to creating a tight-knit team environment that fosters trust, integrity, empathy, and growth. We work together in realizing a shared product vision, and regularly give feedback and critique to each other.

Designing at Palantir is a varied experience. On a given day, you might be: leading a design sprint for your product team; designing a micro-interaction to make a complex analytical task feel simple; and/or advocating for UX consistency by creating flexible, reusable UI components.

**Core Responsibilities**

**• Interaction and visual design**. As a product designer, you'll be involved at every stage of design work. You'll help define early product concepts, flesh out the high-level workflow and micro-interactions of a feature, and execute on a crisp and effective visual design. You should have experience with mockup and prototyping tools.

**• User research**. We frequently do informal user research, and value people who can be flexible with research processes and methodologies to achieve the right outcome.

**• Prototyping**. You will prototype, both to communicate your designs and validate your decisions.

**• Partnering with engineers**. We work closely with product and forward deployed engineers to realize our design ideas. You'll treat engineers as partners and collaborate with them to prototype and build out products.

**• Awareness of how software interfaces are built.** Familiarity with HTML, CSS, Javascript, and Typescript is appreciated. You don't need to be an expert—just fluent enough to collaborate with engineers, and know what's possible with frontend technologies. Resources and mentorship are available to designers who want to learn more.

Designers at Palantir have great autonomy over their work, so a wide skill set is necessary. However, many designers on the team are also passionate experts in one area. You might be the kind of designer who ships code every week, or the kind of designer who shares detailed user research findings with your team.

### What We Value

* **An iterative design process.** You validate your ideas early (with stakeholders and users) and are thoughtful and intentional in seeking and responding to feedback. You move fast, listen, and adapt. You rapidly incorporate feedback, and prioritize collaboration. You are adept at giving and receiving critiques.
* **Collaboration and communication.** You can build great relationships with engineers, PMs, and other stakeholders—and convey your design rationale to them. To reach these audiences, you'll communicate your designs through a variety of methods: presenting your mockups, making prototypes, sharing a design spec.
* **Thoughtful, intentional work.** You know that form informs function and usability—that the surface layer doesn’t exist in a vacuum. Your design decisions are often informed by—and will influence—engineering and business considerations.
* **Dedication to the user.** You'll design software that changes how people use data in government, commercial, and philanthropic contexts. You strive to understand our users—who can range from a manufacturing plant worker to a pharmaceutical researcher—and fight to empower them.

### What We Require

* Active US Security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance.
* A portfolio demonstrating at least one software interface design project. If parts of your portfolio are password-protected, **please include your portfolio password** under 'Additional Information' when applying.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $105,000 - $175,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
