---
title: Software Engineer - Defense Applications
status: active
id: f7dbfdf1-0bb1-4c11-ac15-6a139cee3410
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/f7dbfdf1-0bb1-4c11-ac15-6a139cee3410
lastmod: '2026-01-26T23:21:59.341000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-26T23:21:59.341000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Dev
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Palantir’s software forms the operating system for the militaries of the United States and her allies, driving outcomes and enhancing capabilities across the full spectrum of operations, intelligence, and support activities. Our defense applications are the tip of that spear, powerful tools used daily by thousands of soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines to perform critical work at home and abroad from the Pentagon to the front lines. The engineers who build, maintain, and extend these applications are responsible for wielding the immense technical potential of Palantir’s data modeling and AI platforms to create exquisite domain-specific workflows and interfaces that modernize, extend, and revolutionize the capabilities of the warfighter.

This is a front-end engineering role focused on marrying Palantir’s Foundry and AIP platform technologies, application specific backend services, and modern web technologies with domain expertise. These teams are nimble and select the right tool for the task in front of them rather than adhering to a rigidly defined tech stack, but the most common setups are React for standard DOM rendering, Maplibre and/or Three js for geospatial and 3D rendering, Redux (in various flavors) for state management, [Conjure](https://github.com/palantir/conjure) for API management, and [OSDK](https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/ontology-sdk/overview) for interaction with the foundry platform. A rich ecosystem of in-house libraries and toolchains sit on top of that foundation to provide cross-app messaging, live data streaming, robust classification based access control, and a host of other specialized functions. Defense applications developers both consume and produce these re-usable tools as part of their core engineering role.

**Core Responsibilities**

As an engineer on a defense application team you’ll be responsible for owning, not just executing, user-facing feature additions or enhancements. Defense product teams are forward-leaning by nature, you can expect to spend time hands-on with customers and forward-deployed engineers to design solutions that not only meet the need but deliver value rapidly to support customers in ever-changing environments. The dynamic nature of the defense applications teams make for, on average, shorter project cycles with high ownership at the individual contributor level but demand flexibility, practicality, and responsibility.

The highly autonomous nature of teams means you will transition from mentee to mentor quickly as you build unique expertise in specific applications and features. Palantir’s engineering culture puts a premium on everyone having the skills and willingness to teach and learn, regardless of tenure. The best Palantir engineers form strong convictions quickly (to avoid analysis paralysis when every day counts) but hold them weakly, always ready to revise their opinion and update their world view when new ideas or additional data points are presented.

### What We Value

* **Autodidacticism**: we push boundaries and are constantly reinventing ourselves, you’ll never stop learning new things.
* **Collaboration**: These are small teams solving hard problems, it only works when we pool our abilities and play off each person’s strengths.
* **Creativityand problem solving**: You’ll be given objectives and goals, not blueprints and instructions.
* **Dependability**: Palantir’s engineering culture is built on a foundation of trust and requires ever developer to own their own outcomes and communicate proactively when confronted with the unexpected.

### What We Require

* 2+ years of frontend software engineering experience
* Strong frontend coding skills: regardless of which frameworks you use or how you learned them, we're looking for people who can write clean, effective code with proficiency in JavaScript and an understanding of how web technologies work
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent understanding of algorithms, performance, and systems design
* Strong written and verbal communication skills
* Eligibility and willingness to obtain a US Security clearance

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $145,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual's relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
