---
title: Edge Infrastructure Engineer
status: active
id: fe65ee3c-61e0-4eb6-99e5-c90e38e7043f
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/fe65ee3c-61e0-4eb6-99e5-c90e38e7043f
lastmod: '2026-04-29T08:47:29.746000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-29T08:47:29.746000+00:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

The Palantir platform is deployed in numerous critical mission environments including combat zones and classified networks—from the back of a Humvee to a command post to the cloud. This means operating in multiple cloud environments, on-prem air-gapped networks, and at the edge—at scale.  
  
We are looking for Edge Infrastructure Engineers to build, operate, and maintain high-performance, scalable, and reliable services for our production infrastructure. This role demands a deep focus on low-level systems, including the deployment and management of physical bare metal servers in both traditional data centers and edge environments. You will be responsible for physical network engineering and the development of robust infrastructure that ensures performance of the Palantir platform.  
  
In addition to ensuring performance and reliability, you will play a critical role in building and scaling new environments in a forward-deployed capacity, including onsite. Edge Infrastructure Engineers combine hardware-level engineering experience with the drive to improve existing systems and the creativity to develop novel solutions for evolving challenges. Our team strives to automate processes wherever possible, using whichever tools are best for the job.  
  
We strongly believe in engineering teams being responsible for the operations of their services in production. In this role, you’ll work closely with engineers to advocate for and participate in sensible, scalable systems design, sharing responsibility for diagnosing, resolving, and preventing production issues across our most demanding deployments.

### Core Responsibilities

* Maintaining availability of cloud & physical Kubernetes servers that power the Palantir platform in air-gapped production environments.
* Design, deploy, and operate infrastructure to support customer & product requirements via modern orchestration & monitoring platforms.
* Collaborate closely with product teams on requirements & SLOs for deploying software into air-gapped environments.
* Identifying, troubleshooting, and solving network & systems issues.
* Scripting to automate away routine operational tasks.

### What We Value

* Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with multiple different teams spread over a wide geography.
* A very high level of independence and resilience with the ability to work remotely with little oversight and guidance.
* Ability to effectively support our customers and advise them on hardware purchases, capacity planning, firewalls, etc.
* Should have an understanding of how database systems work and how to manage them e.g Oracle, Postgresql. Does not need to be a Database Administrator.
* Understanding of Kubernetes, Cassandra, Hadoop, and how distributed systems work in general.
* Previous experience with server hardware e.g. Dell, HP, etc as well as network engineering, in production data centre environments.
* Solid practical experience of Linux OS, Linux administration, and troubleshooting, as well as familiarity with related tools, such as Logical Volume Manager (LVM) commands.

### What We Require

* 5+ years experience managing medium to large scale systems
* Ability to travel 20-40%
* French speaking

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the city and or country in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*
