---
title: Talent Strategist
status: active
id: fef637bd-60f6-4603-b749-14e609c473a5
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/fef637bd-60f6-4603-b749-14e609c473a5
lastmod: '2024-11-05T12:32:16.448000+00:00'
date: '2024-11-05T12:32:16.448000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Recruiting
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Talent Strategists work directly for one of our business or product development teams. We work to achieve the same mission using a different and complementary set of tools. We internalize the gravity, urgency, and meaning of our company’s work, inspiring us to find the exceptional individuals we know our teams need to win.

We innovate constantly to achieve these ends. We design creative and effective hiring operations in response to the demands our teams face. We embrace breaking these apart and evolving when the terrain beneath us shifts. We scan constantly for what’s working and what’s failing, leveraging data and our keen intuition.

Your ability to source uniquely excellent candidates and ascertain team fit is critical in this role. This requires embedding, not merely engaging, with a range of counterparts at the company, from the C-suite to Forward Deployed Engineering. The demands are intense, meaningful, and ever-changing. If this sounds as enticing as it does challenging, you’ll thrive here.

### Core Responsibilities

* Design and own the entire hiring lifecycle, including job description crafting, referral engagement, talent sourcing, interview process design, offer and closing, and evaluation of the end-to-end process for strength and risk.
* Actively surface talent using a range of strategies, from referrals to sourcing new leads.
* Build deep relationships with your business or product team as well as the talent you guide into Palantir.

### What We Value

* Clear ability to navigate competing demands, relentlessly generating new solutions in response to constraints, new information, and changing terrain.
* Critical and data-driven approach to managing candidate pipelines and overall hiring processes.
* Demonstrated drive to work within an intense and mission-driven team representing a range of skillsets and personalities.
* Strong problem-solving skills; proven history of building and rebuilding processes from the ground up.

### What We Require

* 1+ years of experience identifying, recruiting, and working with exceptional talent (does not need to be traditional Recruiting experience; we are open to a range of backgrounds).
* Extraordinary communication and interpersonal skills.

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $90,000 - $120,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
