---
title: HIL System Engineer
status: archived
id: '8550897002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8550897002
lastmod: '2026-06-01T13:47:32-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T17:10:55-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Product & Delivery
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

We are building a new team from the ground up to develop the first generation of verification and validation infrastructure - both hardware and software - including automated Hardware-in-the-Loop (HIL) systems with sensors and vehicle system emulation.

As a **HIL System Engineer**, you’ll lead the design, deployment, and continuous improvement of scalable and modular HIL benches that support end-to-end system integration and validation across multiple vehicle platforms. You’ll own the full lifecycle of HIL benches - from requirements gathering and hardware integration to commissioning and workflow improvement.

You’ll work closely with cross-functional teams including software, hardware, and system validation to ensure HIL systems are reliable, configurable, cost-efficient, and always ready to support fast paced releases. We are looking for engineers with experience in system design, hardware/software system integration, operations, and cross-functional collaboration.

**Key responsibilities:**

* Architect modular, configurable, and cost-effective HIL bench designs for platform integration and validation
* Consolidate system and test requirements from stakeholders to define HIL design
* Select and integrate off-the-shelf and custom components, e.g., GPIO module, FPGA board, signal conditioning module, power supply
* Collaborate with supply chain, program management, hardware, facility teams to ensure procurement, build and lab readiness
* Own the commissioning workflow for all benches and lead continuous improvement to reduce build and bring up time
* Collaborate with other HIL engineers to integrate sensor emulation, automation, configuration management
* Contribute to infrastructure that scales with future test demands and evolving hardware/software platforms
* Lead HIL bench issue resolution and root cause analysis

## **About you**

You are passionate about architecting hardware-software test systems that enable scalable and high reliability open-loop and closed-loop testing. You enjoy bridging hardware, software and system engineering within the test validation workflow, and thrive in fast-moving and cross-functional environments. You care about reliability, scalability, and efficiency - and are committed to delivering test platforms that others can count on. You bring a mindset of continuous improvement and take ownership of processes and HIL bench products.

**Essential Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in System Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechatronics, or a related field
* 5+ years of hands-on experience, designing and managing HIL systems and test benches in autonomous vehicle, robotics, aerospace, or similar industries
* Solid understanding of system integration, ECU communication protocols
* Experience selecting and integrating components such as dSPACE/NI/Vector modules, media converters, power supplies and DAQ hardware
* Strong background with diagnostic tools including but not limited to Vector, Kvaser
* Proficiency in Linux or Unix based operating systems, command line tools
* Proven experience in system debugging, issue resolution, and root cause analysis across hardware/software integration, with the ability to drive issues to closure and implement preventative improvements
* Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and lead others to solve technical problems even when you don’t manage them
* Strong systems engineering fundamentals across full product life cycle, from system architecture, operation to decommission
* Excellent cross-functional communication skills

**Desirable Qualifications:**

* Experience with autonomous systems including robotics and/or autonomous vehicles
* Exposure to vehicle dynamics modeling or closed-loop HIL testing
* Strong programming/scripting skills in Python, C/C++, or MATLAB/Simulink
* Proficiency with agile development tools and environments (Jira, Jama, etc)
* Familiarity with automotive software development requirements and standards, such as ASPICE ,ISO 26262 and ISO 21448 (SOTIF) , with automotive HIL SW and HW products e.g. from Vector and dSPACE and with automotive SW architecture such as AUTOSAR

This is a full-time role based in our office in London.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
