---
title: 'Data Scientist, Fleet Operations '
status: archived
id: '8615214002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8615214002
lastmod: '2026-07-01T19:25:55-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T19:25:55-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Fleet Operations
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## The role

As a Data Scientist in the Fleet Systems and Insights team, you will play a critical role in optimising fleet operations through data-driven insights and operational research. You’ll help identify high-impact opportunities and guide strategic decision-making, driving improvements across the on-road testing lifecycle.

Rather than focusing solely on black-box models, this role emphasizes using operational research techniques, experimental methods, and causal inference to derive actionable insights for operational efficiency and optimisation.

This means you might:

* Develop frameworks to synthesize complex operational data (e.g., vehicle performance, route optimisation, and experiments scheduling) to inform strategy at both the product and company level.
* Identify key performance metrics for fleet operations and continuously refine them to ensure they align with wider business goals.
* Create and apply novel experimental methodologies to enhance the signal-to-noise ratio and speed up feedback loops, improving operational decision-making and optimising use of on-road testing for  ML advancements.
* Combine experimental methods with causal inference techniques to test and optimise operational strategies.

## What we are looking for

### Essential

* 3+ years of experience in a Data Science role, with a focus on operations research, process automation and optimisation, or similar fields.
* Proficient in querying and building large datasets, writing production-level SQL for data transformation pipelines.
* Experience designing and evaluating real-world experiments (e.g., A/B testing) to optimize operations and performance.
* Solid understanding of statistical principles, including hypothesis testing, distributions, and assumptions behind statistical methods.
* Proficient in using a statistical scripting language (e.g., Python, R) and relevant packages (e.g., pandas, sklearn, statsmodels).
* Strong ability to summarise, visualise, and communicate data insights in a clear and compelling manner.
* Proven track record of driving operational improvements and influencing team strategies with data-driven findings.
* A focus on actionable insights that can directly inform fleet operations prioritization and optimization strategies.

### Desired

* Practical experience with machine learning and optimization techniques (e.g., pytorch, scikit-learn).
* Experience promoting statistical rigor and experimental best practices in previous roles.
* Familiarity with causal inference, econometrics, or Bayesian methods for testing hypotheses in operations research.
* Prior experience working with large datasets and distributed computing (e.g., Spark, Hadoop).
* Experience in a fast-paced tech or startup environment.  
    
  This is a full-time role based in our office in London. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
