---
title: Senior Test Pilot - Group 5
status: archived
id: '4643993007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4643993007?gh_jid=4643993007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T21:42:44-04:00'
date: '2026-02-19T13:50:17-05:00'
location: Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

At Anduril we are developing unmanned aerial systems capable of terminal guidance, long range intelligence collection, precision relative and global navigation, and unsupervised autonomy. The Test and Evaluation team works across the entire spectrum of products ranging from Lattice Ghost UAS, Sentry Tower, cUAS, missile, Fury and many of our other platforms.  
  
As a Group 5 Test Pilot, you will support the development and field testing of Anduril’s largest and most powerful Unmanned Aerial System products. In this role, you will prepare aircraft for flight, conduct flight tests as the test pilot, and support the test engineering team throughout the lifecycle of the developmental aircraft.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Collaborate closely with Flight Test Engineers and Discipline Engineers to develop safe, effective, and efficient test procedures, evaluate system and test safety, and verify the functional design of the system.
* Participate in ground and flight testing of developmental aircraft to determine compliance with specifications, validate airworthiness, and assess operational suitability.
* Assist in developing system test procedures and engage in laboratory and surrogate open-air environment testing.
* Serve as a guiding member within the Test and Evaluation team, regularly interfacing with the T&E lead, T&E Technical Director, Chief Test Pilot, Lead Flight Test Engineer, and customer representatives.
* Take direct responsibility for the safe flight of the aircraft and act as an advisor during safety reviews, design reviews, and airworthiness reviews.
* Expand the mission envelope by pushing the boundaries of safe and normal flight.
* Support Fury flight tests as a surrogate and chase pilot, flying high-performance jet aircraft in demanding roles including photo/video, air data pacer, and safety chase across the flight envelope.
* Participate in flight operations and help direct the flight test program.
* Collaborate with other test pilots to approve control station configurations, author flight procedures, develop and verify emergency procedures, and support test team and control room training.
* Review test procedures, flight test plans, flight test cards, operating limitations, flight test schedules, support documents, and ground handling documents in preparation for ground and flight testing.
* Attend system design and configuration control meetings, providing input to resolve change requests and determining change priority, timelines, and test verification requirements leading up to software releases and aircraft block changes.
* Develop creative solutions to technical and execution challenges, acting with a bias for action and engaging your team to solve problems efficiently.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Graduate of a U.S. military test pilot school (TPS) or meet DCMAINST 8210.1 series alternate education and experience qualifications for contractor UA pilot/operator.
* 5+ years experience as a Group 5 UAV pilot.
* 2,000 hours Pilot-in-Command time or 500 hours in unmanned aircraft.
* Qualifying hours must include 200 hours Pilot-in-Command during engineering flight test and 10 hours during experimental flight test.
* Commercial pilot certificate with instrument rating.
* FAA Class 2 Medical, renewed annually.
* One of the following education and experience combinations:

+ Undergraduate or higher degree in aerospace-related engineering or scientific discipline plus one year of applicable engineering test flight experience.
+ Undergraduate or higher degree in other engineering or scientific discipline plus two years of applicable engineering test flight experience.
+ Non-engineering undergraduate or higher degree plus three years of applicable engineering test flight experience.
+ No degree plus four years of applicable engineering test flight experience.

* Ability to travel as required to support off-site aircraft testing.
* Strong ability to quickly understand new concepts, apply them accurately, organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases, and determine appropriate approaches to complex problems.
* Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills, especially regarding technical subjects and authoring technical documents supporting safe aircraft operation.
* Experience authoring flight manuals and technical documentation necessary to operate developmental aircraft and delivering configuration-controlled publications to customers.
* Proficiency with basic MS Office tools (Word, PowerPoint, Excel).
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team; capable of performing complex tasks.
* Willingness to work extended and irregular hours.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years experience as a Group 5 UAV pilot working with developmental aircraft.
* 2,000 hours Pilot-in-Command time or 500 hours in unmanned aircraft.
* ATP certificate with Class 1 medical.
* Certified Flight Instructor / Instrument.

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
