---
title: Manager, Industrial Engineering
status: archived
id: '4728808007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4728808007?gh_jid=4728808007
lastmod: '2026-06-01T12:18:00-04:00'
date: '2025-08-06T11:19:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Industrial Engineering'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Team is seeking a Manager, Industrial Engineering to join our team. The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, sensors, undersea, and flight vehicles, and scaling these products. The Industrial Engineering team will be instrumental in taking a data-driven approach to designing factories, production lines, scaling plans, and associated manufacturing processes to meet these objectives. Executing on this responsibility will entail active collaboration with other Anduril teams, including but not limited to Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the Manager, Industrial Engineering, you will have responsibility for leading the team and strategy for scoping, standing up, and optimizing Anduril’s manufacturing operations for best-in-class quality, reliability, speed, and asset utilization, all while meeting critical customer deployment and internal development timelines. The right person for this role can demonstrate holistic ownership on solving both strategic manufacturing initiatives and operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to change and ambiguity in their working environment, while working to ensure products are built and shipped on-time under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives as the connective tissue among operational stakeholders to bring a production team forward, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead the industrial engineering team, setting goals, providing direction, and evaluating performance over a certain product or set of products, from initial prototyping through large full-scale production.
* Develop and execute strategic concepts for new Anduril manufacturing facilities, and own key trades to differentiate the Anduril approach to production scale.
* Guide and steer the design of new production lines and work station layouts, both for low rate and full-rate production, leveraging a data-driven approach.
* Set key guiding objectives for Anduril Manufacturing improvement aligned with business line and product line roadmaps, and drive continuous improvement initiatives that result in cost reduction, quality enhancement, and throughput maximization.
* Collaborate with production stakeholders across Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations proactively to identify high variation processes, imbalances and bottlenecks, driving to resolution.
* Ensure compliance with safety, environmental, ergonomic, regulatory, and quality standards across the manufacturing facility and processes.
* Produce and maintain capacity plans, balanced line layouts, CapEx plans, staffing allocations, and time standards for manufacturing work content for current and future forecasted manufacturing needs.
* Work across domains, from execution-based work to the strategic future state of a product or business line.
* Establish and maintain robust training and documentation programs to enhance team skills and promote cross-functional knowledge sharing.
* Foster a culture of innovation, teamwork, and accountability within the industrial engineering department.
* Serve as the technical expert and point of contact for industrial engineering issues, providing guidance and support to resolve complex problems

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or a related field
* Minimum of 5-7 years of experience in industrial engineering a managerial or supervisory role
* Minimum of 7+ years of experience in industrial engineering roles, preferably in a high-growth environment,
* Proven track record of leading teams, developing new manufacturing lines, facilities, and concepts, and cradle to grave ownership
* Experience driving production scaling efforts in a manufacturing setting
* An attitude of world-class mission assurance, quality, attention to detail, and dedication
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and thirst for learning
* Excellent project management skills and experience leading cross-functional projects
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities, especially in ambiguity
* Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively at all levels of the organization
* Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Masters degree in engineering, business, or related field.
* Prior experience managing, designing and/or commissioning new production lines or factories - from process mapping through to collaborating with infrastructure design partners and detailed work station design
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing and/or Continuous Improvement and Six Sigma principles in action
* Ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, measuring each step of the process, creating actionable tasks that culminated in a significant and sustainable business improvement
* Proficient in data analytics, data visualization, and/or Discrete Event Simulation software.
* Active security clearance, or ability to obtain a clearance.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
