---
title: Senior Buyer/Planner
status: archived
id: '4745669007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4745669007?gh_jid=4745669007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-05-28T10:26:02-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are looking for a Senior Buyer/Planner to join our rapidly growing team in Quincy. In this role, you will be responsible for managing the entire value chain, from raw materials to finished goods, to help power the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs). You will be responsible for demand forecasting, inventory planning, purchasing, and ensuring accurate material flow through our ERP system.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own the planning and on-time delivery of raw materials to internal assembly lines as well as finished goods to customers
* Develop and maintain accurate demand forecasts and plans
* Manage day-to-day ordering and inventory for assigned product lines
* Identify and resolve supply issues, collaborating with cross-functional teams
* Generate and analyze data to identify trends and support decision-making
* Develop and maintain processes within MRP and associated master data
* Support strategic sourcing initiatives and make/buy decisions
* Issue purchase orders for production and R&D initiatives and manage supplier relationships
* Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives for cost savings and quality
* Participate in S&OP processes and support related strategic initiatives
* Develop data reporting structures and tools to monitor Demand Planning KPIs and identify key levers for improvement by product or program
* Understand the product BOM to a level that enables quick decision-making as well as effective questioning and discussion of potential sales opportunities
* Support continuous improvement initiatives for cost savings, quality improvement, and on-time delivery

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4+ years of significant technical procurement experience in a manufacturing environment
* Excellent documentation and communication skills and interpersonal relationship skills including negotiating and relationship management skills with ability to drive achievement of objectives
* Ability to work in cross functional teams and collaborate with across functions / borders
* Good understanding and interpretation of related design specification
* Excellent problem-solving, organizational, analytical and critical thinking skills including high discretion/judgment in decision making
* Ability to work and excel within a fast paced, dynamic, and constantly changing work environment
* Demonstrated ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, coordinating among multiple different internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
* Prior knowledge of Oracle or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Ability to travel up to 25%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree or higher in any technical field including mechanical/aerospace/manufacturing, electrical, or computer engineering, supply chain, or business with a technical minor or concentration
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing and/or Continuous Improvement and Six Sigma principles in action
* Prior knowledge of Blue Yonder or a similar Supply Chain Planning system; developing statistical models to predict demand in a fast paced, high mix, low volume environment.
* Knowledge of supply chain planning best practices and data processes that generate business value. Including, but not limited to, demand planning, inventory management, supply planning, S&OP / S&OE and Integrated Business Planning.
* Knowledge of and experience with big data evaluation and analysis techniques. Experience with SQL databases - storage of information and writing custom queries to pull and analyze data sets to direct focus and action.
* Knowledge of and experience with leading data reporting applications including Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview, etc.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
