---
title: 'Staff Embedded Software Engineer, Intelligence Systems '
status: archived
id: '4759071007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4759071007?gh_jid=4759071007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-06-12T10:53:46-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Staff Embedded Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in **Reston, Virginia**. In this role you will be responsible for developing software throughout the entire hardware and software stack. This may include writing firmware and middleware components to a custom network stack, porting and refactoring code bases between languages, performance tuning, integrating encryption systems, designing software architectures, and other software development and engineering as needed. You will need to work within tight timelines and resource constraints.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Work directly with project managers to write software for fully custom embedded systems.
* Work at any level of the hardware/software stack, from firmware to GUI frameworks.
* Work with existing teams to maintain and update existing software systems.
* Provide technical leadership and the ability to learn new software technologies quickly.
* Provide software designs, estimates, and schedules as needed to program and project management.
* Actively contribute to software development for critical tasks to meet program deadlines.
* Adhere to software best practices to include: coding standards, perform code reviews, interact with revision control, build processes, and testing.
* Triage issues and investigate root cause failures.
* Report to the overall software lead for the project.
* Coordinate with other software team leads, engineering leads, external teams and/or subcontractors, as needed.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 12+ years of experience in software development, with 7+ in bare metal and driver development
* B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields, with a focus on embedded software systems, sensors, or other small form-factor systems
* Experience with Xilinx platforms
* Experience working in constrained development environments, including air-gapped systems
* Experience building low-level embedded software solutions including hardware integration and bare-metal code development
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* Ability to understand and implement complex certification requirements
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field
* 15+ years of experience building top-to-bottom, full-stack (bare metal on up)
* Experience with C# application development or frontend React based UI framework
* Experience implementing network and communication protocols, cryptographic systems, display protocols, or similar
* Experience working with complex SoCs
* Experience with ISRs, MMUs, timers
* Experience developing operating systems or portions thereof
* Experience with Xilinix platforms
* Strong focus on security

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
