---
title: Team Lead - Production
status: archived
id: '4803591007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4803591007?gh_jid=4803591007
lastmod: '2026-07-01T12:59:02-04:00'
date: '2025-09-29T13:26:04-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril is a defense product company on a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities through advanced technology. With deep expertise in AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics and data analysis, we’re bringing cutting-edge software & hardware solutions to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking Production Team Leaders to join our Production Team supporting the Launched Effects products in Atlanta, Georgia. These openings are being posted as a templated role that will then align selected candidates to the areas that have the need, with consideration of the best technical fit with the work performed in that area.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* The Team Leader to the Production Manager and work alongside other Technicians, leading technician staff in the production and delivery of units scheduled through their work center.
* Build a positive and collaborative team culture that promotes product knowledge, skills development, and cross-training.
* Apply a higher level of knowledge and skills in hardware assembly, troubleshooting and repair when executing manufacturing operations
* Prioritize work activities for team members to achieve target on time delivery goals. Handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines. Ensure they are working on the right thing at the right time.
* Ability to work on the line, provide training, and support new operator onboarding as required.
* Be an active participant in 5S and continuous improvement activities. Provide feedback on ways to improve building process.
* Complete transactions in digital production systems (MES, NetSuite, JIRA) on daily basis.
* Show up every day with a high level of urgency and enthusiasm to get the job done.
* Perform additional tasks in support of business objectives and/or to develop team members' skills.
* Cover short term absences within the team when production demand requires it.

**QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience in a production-oriented environment
* A full understanding of the product life cycle (NPI to scaled production) and LEAN manufacturing methods
* Experience interpreting technical documentation (mechanical drawings, work instructions, equipment schematics, electrical diagrams, etc.)
* Extremely reliable, organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Must be able to lift 35 lbs pounds regularly
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 2+ years of operational leadership experience, leading a production team
* Experience working with ERP and MES systems
* Working knowledge of AS9100 standards and OSHA laws
* Experience working with high-voltage electrical components (up to 400VDc)
* Experience performing functional checkouts and tests, and diagnosing issues discovered during these processes
* Experience in sub-sea robotics or AUV industries
* A self-motivated, self-disciplined individual is the ideal candidate for this position

US Hourly Range

$24.51—$35.06 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
