---
title: 'Technical Operations Engineer - Air & Ground Deterrence '
status: archived
id: '4826700007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4826700007?gh_jid=4826700007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-08-12T15:52:07-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Technical Operations'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

Anduril’s Deployment Operations group is seeking a Technical Operations Engineer to join our team. This is a UK based role. As a member of Anduril’s Technical Operations team, you will be responsible for deploying and supporting Anduril’s products all over the world. You will go forward with products early on in their lifecycle and work with engineering teams to iteratively improve them over time. The challenges you will encounter are innumerable and unpredictable, but you will be expected to take ownership of delivering the technical solution.  
  
You must be both a teacher and a student, able to coach teammates on systems that you’ve gained intimate familiarity with and then transition into mastering the next system. You’ll also guide users through product employment and troubleshooting, advise account managers on how to structure an operation to ensure technical success, and communicate specific recommendations for product refinement to engineering teams.  
  
Joining the Technical Operations team, you will be at the sharp end of deploying and supporting Anduril’s cutting-edge Counter UAS & counter intrusion systems. Collaborating closely with the Mission Operations team, you will play a pivotal role in the early stages of product life cycles, including live demonstrations, training, and customer deployments. As a Technical Operations Engineer, you will be responsible for mastering, maintaining, and operating a comprehensive suite of sensors and effectors systems globally. A key part of your role will be leading cross-functional teams in challenging environments, often with limited support, to ensure mission success.  
  
**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Network+ and Linux+ or equivalent experience preferred
* Must be able to lift 50-70 lbs
* Work in austere environments, climb towers, use of basic hand tools
* Understanding of AC/DC power systems, generators, load calculations & electrical fault finding
* Experience configuring & fault finding IP networks using fibre optic, ethernet & RF modalities
* Experience with RF systems (PtP, PtMP, mesh) understand basic antenna concepts & spectrum analysis
* Systematic troubleshooting and documentation of systems
* Able to operate independently and in teams, interact with customers and train users
* High travel rate, both domestic and international. Must have passport.
* Ability to gather requirements from end-users. Communicate and teach complex subjects with clarity and simplicity. Able to build trust cross-functionally, navigate customer hierarchies, and influence teams in a peer-leadership capacity.
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in austere environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the breadth of a technical system.
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution.
* Naturally inquisitive, able to independently research and learn new technical components or concepts.
* Ability to develop complex operational and logistics plans to move people and things quickly, over long distances, in unfamiliar locations.
* Willingness to travel to remote regions of the world for up to two months at a time (up to 80% of the year).
* Ability to obtain and maintain UK security clearance.
* Able to meet health and medical requirements in advance of deployments.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical field
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience.
* Familiarity with Linux OS. Comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools.
* Strong mechanical aptitude with tools and electronics.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
