---
title: Senior Manager, Material Flow Engineering
status: archived
id: '4949151007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4949151007?gh_jid=4949151007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T14:16:57-04:00'
date: '2025-10-20T11:14:35-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Warehousing & Transportation'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Supply Chain team is seeking a Senior Manager of Material Flow Engineering to join us. Working with a global network of suppliers, to support a global manufacturing platform takes people who are willing to work hard and find ways to win. You will create a strategic plan to optimize warehouse and material flow operations across our Columbus, OH facilities, create a standard set of metrics to monitor team performance, set goals for improving performance, and identify areas to reduce cost while maintaining quality. The right person for this role has extensive supply chain knowledge, has implemented or improved ERP/WMS, and has a track record of managing complex, high-value inventory.If you are someone who can operate autonomously to keep a material flow engineering and warehouse team motivated and enjoys process improvement, this may be the role for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design, develop and implement innovative material management strategies, policies, and procedures to optimize material flow and support production requirements for efficient movement of parts & materials using lean principles across multiple sites.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including procurement, production, logistics, and quality, to aid in accurate demand forecasting, procurement planning, and timely delivery of materials
* Collaborate with production planning teams to align material availability with production schedules, minimize disruptions, and meet customer demand on time
* Own the metrics, KPIs, and reporting associated with monitoring production line health and efficiency, such as cycle time, throughput rate, capacity, utilization, process non-conformities, and inventory accuracy. Analyze material usage trends, identify opportunities for process improvements, and implement lean practices to optimize material handling, storage, and distribution
* Support and implement inventory control measures, including cycle counting, regular audits, and reconciliation, to ensure inventory accuracy and prevent stockouts or overstocking
* Utilize ERP (Oracle) & WMS software (Odoo) systems and tools to track inventory, generate reports, and provide data-driven insights to support decision-making and optimize material-related processes
* Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, safety standards, and quality control protocols in all material management activities
* Passionately work across multiple programs from development to full rate production to scale best-in-class solutions to align with maturity of manufacturing process
* Proactively identify imbalances and bottlenecks caused by inventory processes, line layouts, parts shortages, staffing shortages, and other production constraints; flag constraints with the appropriate owners across Supply Chain, Manufacturing Engineering, and Quality and drive to resolution
* Develop processes to optimize workplans for highly variable demands across multiple sites.
* Translate tools and reports into actionable tasks that impact the health of warehouse operations across a plethora of processes and sites.
* Produce and maintain tools to increase accuracy of work demand for new facilities and maturing processes using a data-driven approach using tools such as Value Stream Mapping/ Process Mapping/ Line Balancing techniques
* Identify and solve complex problems related to the movement of materials within a manufacturing environment.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering or other technical field/supply chain management
* 10+ years of experience with 5+ years of people management experience in material flow engineering and management, inventory control, or supply chain management roles, preferably in a manufacturing or production environment
* 5+ years of experience in a high-rate supply chain or manufacturing environment, where complex mechanical and/or electrical assemblies are built with heavy data utilization
* Ability to read technical documentation such as drawings and CAD data, understanding of a variety of hardware manufacturing processes for both electronics (PCBAs, sensor hardware, etc.) and structures, mechanical components, and electromechanical systems
* Ability to travel up to 25% of the time
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Columbus, OH

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong knowledge of supply chain principles, inventory management techniques, and material planning strategies
* Strong problem-solving, communication, and interpersonal skills are crucial for collaborating with different teams.
* Experience with department or factory design and set up - value stream mapping, flow lines, continuous flow, one piece flow, workstation design
* Ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, measuring each step of the process, creating actionable tasks that culminated in a significant and sustainable business improvement
* Demonstrated ability of presenting project results to a cross functional team with clearly relating data to proposed next steps
* Prior experience with a Manufacturing Execution System (MES) for production operations or Warehouse Management System (WMS)
* Prior knowledge of NetSuite, Oracle or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Have direct experience scoping, buying off and commissioning warehouse automation.
* Experience implementing Lean Manufacturing principles which drive manufacturing productivity
* Experience in delivering successful project by being hands on with the process. Including gemba walks, operational analysis, poka yoke solutions among others to allow teams to be successful without massive CAPEX
* Experience interacting with SQL databases - storage of information and building custom queries for tracking production and inventory-related metrics
* Experience with using Siemens Plant Simulation or Process Simulation software to model a production line and run production scenarios
* Experience with both commercial and federal inventory procedures, requirements, processes
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

US Salary Range

$143,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
