---
title: Mission Systems Lead
status: archived
id: '4955452007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4955452007?gh_jid=4955452007
lastmod: '2026-06-19T05:26:26-04:00'
date: '2025-10-24T16:55:24-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Heavy Metal - Engineering & Operations : Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril's Maritime Division is responsible for planning and executing Anduril's product and revenue roadmap for maritime missions. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, and operations, the Maritime team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril maritime capabilities in a challenging operational environment worldwide. As a leader in the Maritime Division, you must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, manage, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits. This role is crucial in ensuring that each initiative aligns with the company's strategic direction and receives the appropriate resourcing, balancing innovation with practical execution to drive the business line's success.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

You will lead the technical development and integration of vehicle systems for a maritime product, from initial concept through delivery. You will work closely with program leadership, teams from other Anduril products, and third party system vendors to develop these designs so that requirements are tied to customer inputs and there is traceability to program office technical decisions.  
  
Your spectrum of support will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build cross-functional teams, and rapidly drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience will be key in making sure the right design, analysis, and test steps are completed to ensure success. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience executing and successfully completing prior highly optimized multi-disciplinary projects.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own customer success through the design and delivery of a fully operational mission system for a new maritime platform.
* Partner with the Vehicle Software team that is responsible for core sensor, actuator, and vehicle system functionality. Collaborate on interfacing requirements between Vehicle Management System and Mission System stacks .
* Drive architecture selection and design for robotic mission systems, including hardware selection, compute, storage and network architecture. Service orchestration and other software platform concerns that balance constraints, restrictions and requirements in a multi-stakeholder environment.
* Contribute to the design and development of a company-wide roadmap for mission system integration into maritime platforms, including necessary software inputs.
* Lead teams that develop software that runs on- and off- platform, using a variety of technologies.
* Drive the design and implementation of development processes for the initial delivery and subsequent iteration of mission software, including full lifecycle testing.
* Drive the creation of test and simulation fixtures that operate with both software- and hardware-in-the-loop
* Support vehicle manufacturing and deployment.
* Lead teams of multi-disciplinary engineers, including as a mentor for Senior Software Engineers from differing backgrounds.
* Leverage internal product and program-specific engineering teams to rapidly deliver capability beyond the scope of current platforms, with a clear path for both architecture and capability evolution over time.
* Travel to co-locate with end-users and/or other teams up to 25% of the time.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in a senior role for the delivery of a military mission system
* Experience with the development and sustainment of distributed software platform and application architectures, running under dynamic network topologies
* Experience with modeling and simulation
* Experience with development of high assurance safety critical software
* Experience with development of comprehensive unit test and regression
* Deep understanding of autonomous weapons systems, inclusive of payload capabilities and both commercial and military mission sets
* Experience within the product delivery lifecycle including manufacturing, system acceptance, deployment, and sustainment
* Familiarity with vehicle management systems
* Familiarity with System Engineering concepts
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Mechatronics, Computer Science, Engineering, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* Experience in a leadership position within a high performing technology organization
* Systems and/or application programming skills including algorithms, data structures, concurrency and optimization
* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems
* Capacity to work holistically on software enabled capabilities up and down the software stack and through lifecycle through design, implementation, operation and sustainment
* Capacity to act as the technical owner for an entire mission system, including stakeholder and customer engagement, requirements definition, roadmap management, team co-ordination, design, implementation, sustainment and evolution
* Capacity to learn and grow individually, while mentoring senior team members effectively, building team cohesion and capacity
* 5+ years of operational experience with autonomous maritime systems

US Salary Range

$253,000—$336,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
