---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Test Analytics
status: archived
id: '4960674007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4960674007?gh_jid=4960674007
lastmod: '2026-07-15T11:12:41-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T01:51:38-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Analytics'
offices:
- Alexandria, AUS (SYD-11)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Anduril’s Digital Manufacturing, Manufacturing (MFG) Analytics team is seeking an Senior Manufacturing Engineer in Data Analytics to join our team. The MFG Analytics team plays a pivotal role in optimizing manufacturing operations through the implementation and management of proof of concept, advanced digital solutions, and improvement of existing MES / ERP / WMS systems. The team ensures that manufacturing processes and digital tools are efficient, scalable, and integrated with the latest industry standards.   
  
**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
As a **Manufacturing Engineer, Data Analytics** at Anduril, you will be a critical driver of operational excellence. You will leverage diverse operational data (production, quality, supply chain, equipment performance) to identify bottlenecks, optimize processes, and unlock new levels of efficiency and scalability for our cutting-edge manufacturing operations. Collaborating with product line and functional teams, you will design, develop, and validate data-driven solutions as proofs of concept, directly informing strategic decisions on systematic implementation and ensuring our production methods are robust, agile, and future-proof.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Work with manufacturing leadership to develop and implement digital manufacturing strategies / solutions that enhance productivity, reduce costs, and improve quality.
* Conduct detailed analysis of manufacturing data, including production metrics, process flow, and resource utilisation, to identify areas for improvement.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment of manufacturing strategies with overall business objectives.
* Monitor industry trends and best practices to keep our manufacturing processes at the cutting edge.
* Create and maintain comprehensive documentation of manufacturing processes and strategies for continuous improvement.
* Lead and facilitate kaizen, lean manufacturing, or six sigma initiatives to optimise production processes.
* Provide strategic input into capacity planning and workforce management to ensure scalability of operations.
* Implement and refine manufacturing KPIs to measure performance and drive accountability.

## **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Manufacturing Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Operations Management, Data Science, Software Engineering or related field. Master’s degree preferred (either MBA of MS of Engineering).
* Experience and expertise developing insights and solutions using data visualisation tools: Python, Typescript, SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, PLTR Foundry, MS VBA, etc...
* Proven experience in a manufacturing strategy or analysis role, with a track record of tangible insights and their implementations that drove results.
* Ability to quickly understand current operations and potential issues on the product line and can speak the language.
* Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, and analyse significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
* Strength working with manufacturing leadership to conceptualise solutions and gain / understand requirements
* Familiarity with manufacturing software and advanced proficiency in statistical analysis and data presentation tools.
* Excellent communication and presentation skills, capable of conveying complex information in an understandable manner.
* Experience with lean manufacturing principles and process improvement methodologies such as Six Sigma.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and lead cross-functional projects.
* Adept at managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced manufacturing environment.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a NV2 Security Clearance

---

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
