---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager, Manufacturing Test Engineering
status: archived
id: '4962512007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4962512007?gh_jid=4962512007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-10-30T18:41:50-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Project Manager for the Manufacturing Test Engineering team, you will be the connective tissue within the production organization to support the development of automated test equipment and systems for production. The manufacturing test team is responsible for the design, integration, and deployment of automated testing solutions across Anduril factories. As a member of this team, you will have the opportunity to help define what manufacturing test looks like for Anduril at a national scale. This position demands an innovative approach to manufacturing test - helping us advance scalability and lower the barrier to entry into our company systems.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

**Project Planning and Execution**

* Define project scope, create schedules, and manage all phases from conception to completion
* Oversee the deployment and validation of manufacturing test equipment in production environments across multiple product lines
* Develop and manage project budgets, track costs, and ensure adequate staffing and tools are available
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including electrical, mechanical, production, design engineering, and software engineering - gathering requirements, providing updates, managing expectations, and addressing concerns.

**Technical Oversight**

* Work with R&D and manufacturing teams to deliver test solutions for new product and process designs
* Oversee the design, development, and implementation of test systems, ensuring they meet quality and efficiency standards.
* Vendor and procurement management - Approve vendor purchases, manage the procurement of hardware and software, and monitor costs
* Ensure all projects adhere to quality, safety, and regulatory standards and requirements

**Capacity Planning and Management**

* Work with space planning and capacity management teams to understand product and facility plans of record and marry to test plans of record
* Develop tactical plans for any product facility moves impacting test equipment

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.
* You have 8+ years of experience as project/program manager for a manufacturing process, test engineer, manufacturing engineer, or production/process engineer for automated processes
* 25%+ travel
* Experience with high volume manufacturing test systems.
* Demonstrated ability to deploy manufacturing test systems deployed at scale across multiple locations
* You can work hands-on in a manufacturing environment and draw key learnings that are then used to optimize the production systems
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You are comfortable with and good at communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Broad knowledge of manufacturing test
* Upstream or Downstream experience relative to Manufacturing – Supply Chain, Finance, Business Development, Field Deployment, Design, etc.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
