---
title: Director, Business Development, Autonomous Airpower Growth (International)
status: archived
id: '4995501007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4995501007?gh_jid=4995501007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-02T12:38:40-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Air Dominance & Strike Capture'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Air Dominance and Strike division operates at the cutting edge of autonomous air vehicle development, delivering hardware and software to customers in support of a wide range of military missions.

The growth team, within Air Dominance and Strike, is responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing new opportunities for the company. Growth team members work with customers and Anduril engineers to identify creative solutions to complex operational challenges. They both shape and reflect customer priorities, while serving as the Anduril brand ambassador externally. The growth team thrives in a highly dynamic environment where problem solving, collaboration, and determination are a way of life.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

The Autonomous Airpower Business Line is looking for a high initiative, collaborative individual to join the team as the **Director, Autonomous Airpower Growth**.This person will be responsible for driving international sales for Anduril’s autonomous aircraft, including Fury.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Shape and capture new opportunities for international sales of autonomous aircraft
* Engage international customers to understand how current or proposed Anduril solutions address their operational requirements and capability gaps
* Lead proposal development (including white papers, RFI responses, pricing and availability) for international sales
* Support activities related to licensing, export compliance, and technical security
* Collaborate with Anduril engineering teams to develop international product offerings
* Support execution of engagement campaigns with key stakeholders across DoD and foreign capitals
* Develop and maintain close, trusted partner relationships with offices of senior military and civilian US Government customers, current and prospective customers, as well as industry partners and suppliers
* Foster a culture of trust, innovation, collaboration, and mission focus
* Deliver on financial performance commitments and strategic market growth

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum of 10 years experience in leading or supporting aviation program creation, requirements definition, acquisition strategy, related efforts
* Minimum 2 years experience working with customers and technologies related to autonomous aircraft
* Prior experience working with US Air Force program offices; strong understanding of US Air Force customer community, requirements process, and operational needs
* Prior experience engaging with foreign militaries or ministries of defense
* Excellent writing, communication skills with experience presenting to senior executives and customers
* Willingness to travel up to 50%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum 5 years experience flying fighter aircraft
* Prior experience in one of the following areas: supporting foreign military sales (via DSCA), engaging with SAF/IA, or working directly with foreign air forces
* Experience shaping and leading capture efforts in the defense industry
* High ownership and ability to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Be a builder and someone who is adaptive and who can lead new and innovative approaches to market
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
