---
title: Software Engineer, Manufacturing Test
status: archived
id: '5003654007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5003654007?gh_jid=5003654007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-11T19:05:42-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Production Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Software Engineer in the Manufacturing Test organization, you will join a software development team tasked to ensure that we build quality products - in land, sea, and air. You will work with test executive software that can systematically and thoroughly test our products and create analytics to improve our development cycle. You will champion automation, and work to reduce operator time and instruction complexity through the use of parallel execution, data acquisition, automated deployment tools. You will be presented complex, multiplatform problems with heavy reliance on cloud data systems. In this role you’ll need to think creatively and continuously improve our methods of automation, throughput, user interfaces, and data analytics.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop applications for Windows and Linux desktop environments.
* Integrate cloud data and deployment features while maintaining user authentication and security.
* Generate automation scripts (python) for debug and prototype development.
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps.
* Partner with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS or MS in CS/CE/EE or equivalent industry experience.
* Expertise in software development with Python.
* Experience integrating or developing low-level code and device libraries or drivers.
* Experience working in CI/CD and designing and delivering DevOps automation for app deployment and testing.
* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field.
* Experience working on multi-disciplinary projects, working closely with Electrical / Mechanical / Manufacturing Engineers.
* Experience in automated unit, integration and system-level testing.
* Expertise in version control using git.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of relevant industry experience.
* Experience in manufacturing or industrial software.
* Understanding of device communication protocols like USB, SPI, I2C, CAN, RS232, RS485, Ethernet, etc.
* Expertise in desktop application development with WPF and C#.
* Experience in embedded systems.
* Experience in automated unit, integration and system-level testing for non-software products.
* Proficient in RESTful services in AWS/Azure infrastructure.
* Hands-on working knowledge of a major relational database (DB2, SQL Server etc.) and/or NoSql.
* Pursuing a Master’s of Computer Science or related field.
* Experience with test automation or cloud deployment tools.
* Is able to obtain an U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
