---
title: 'Senior Reliability Engineer, Connected Warfare '
status: archived
id: '5004453007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5004453007?gh_jid=5004453007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-15T14:07:21-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Configuration Management and Engineering Systems : Reliability
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (Hive Building B)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril's **Reliability Engineering** organization is seeking an experienced **Sr. Reliability Engineer** to join our team in support of our Connected Warfare programs. The Reliability Engineering team collaborates with our broader Engineering organization to ensure our products meet or exceed mission performance requirements, withstand challenging environmental conditions, and satisfy all customer specifications. We develop and implement cutting-edge Reliability processes and methodologies to secure scalable, long-term business success.  
  
As a Reliability Engineer at Anduril, you will leverage your extensive knowledge of advanced Reliability tools and methodologies to drive excellence into our products. You will support the Systems, Hardware, & Software Engineering teams across the product development lifecycle by guiding Failure Modes & Effects Analysis, predictive analysis, qualification test planning, field performance monitoring, and root cause & corrective action activities for your product(s). The right person for this role has knowledge of design and development with a reliability focus on ground-based sensing, compute, & communications systems, as well as exposure to test, analysis, manufacturing, and continuous improvement in a production environment. If you are someone who has hands-on experience throughout the new product development life cycle from concept to customer delivery, loves to build world-class Reliability processes, can work efficiently across multi disciplinary teams, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

General Design & Development:

* Support and review system block diagrams, interface control documents, and schematics for compliance, redundancy, and accuracy against requirements and concept of operations.
* Partner with Design & Development Engineers to document requirements and proactively identify risk through tools such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis, Physics of Failure Methodologies, and Analysis + Test Data Reviews.
* Support Development Milestone Reviews through identification of appropriate entry and exit criteria, and work with Quality Engineering to guide the hand off process to production.

Reliability Predictive Analysis:

* Perform predictive reliability analysis to calculate probability of loss of control, loss of asset, MTTF, and MTBF utilizing Anduril requirements, specifications, and COTS specifications as well as leveraging MIL-HDBK-217 Plus.
* Lead FMECA (Failure Mode and Effects Criticality Analysis) evaluations and calculations.
* Lead Maintainability prediction models using MIL-HDBK-472.
* Perform Weibull analysis utilizing test data from the Qualification campaign and data from fielded assets.

Validation & Qualification:

* Create and tailor R&D Test and Qualification Test requirements & plans, and manage the Qualification & Traceability matrix alongside FMEA documentation to ensure appropriate requirements coverage.
* Drive root cause analysis and corrective action for issues found during Qualification testing.
* Publish the Qualification Verification Matrix and Test Reports for the customer.

End to End Support, Continuous Improvement, and Performance Monitoring:

* Work with Quality Engineering and Manufacturing Engineering to ensure all inspection and acceptance test gates are in place and documented into a clear process against requirements.
* Develop and implement Reliability processes for the business to improve and streamline our Design, Manufacturing, and Deployment Operations efforts for rapid development.
* Use field data analysis techniques to highlight key problem areas for deployed products. Plot aggregate data and review change trends, performance trends, and product issue landscapes. Support operational functional data log reviews for performance characterization to generate family data insights. Propose and coordinate corrective actions to closure to improve data performance trends.
* Host regular risk and mitigation corrective action reviews to ensure progress and lessons learned are communicated with all stakeholders, and that all actions have been implemented in a timely manner.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 5 years experience as a Reliability Engineer, Design/Development Engineer, or Test Engineer
* B.S. Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent technical discipline
* Experience with safety-critical hardware & software systems in the defense or aerospace industry
* Experience or familiarity with MIL-STD-810, MIL-HDBK-217, MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-516C, and MIL-STD-1629
* Experience setting up a Reliability Engineering framework for a product or program, including support of field tests, data acquisition, and data analysis
* Expertise in reliability analysis techniques, including FMEA/FMECA, predictive modeling, Weibull analysis, and Fault Tree Analysis
* Experience with generating qualification testing requirements and executing tests to proactively characterize product behavior and performance
* Failure investigation/analysis experience with proven track record of solving problems and preventing reoccurrence
* Design Review Experience (PDR, CDR, MRR) and confident in presentation skills across all levels of leadership
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* M.S. Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent technical discipline
* Experience with RTCA/DO-330, DO-254, DO-178, MIL-HDBK-217 Plus, MIL-HDBK-472, ARP-4754, or ARP-4761
* Experience with risk management, change control/change management reviews, and software/firmware HITL/SITL
* Test Plan development, fixture design, test set-up, and hands on test execution experience
* Experience with HALT (Highly Accelerated Life Testing), HASS (Highly Accelerated Stress Screening), Environmental Testing, and/or Mechanical Testing
* Experience with Relyence, Teamcenter, Confluence, and JIRA software suites
* Technical writing experience developing standards, specifications, user guides, and policies
* Experience drafting requirements for Software & Hardware

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
