---
title: Project Manager, Industrial Engineering
status: archived
id: '5009261007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5009261007?gh_jid=5009261007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T18:48:15-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, and flight vehicles. Within manufacturing engineering, The Industrial Engineering team is responsible for optimizing Anduril’s manufacturing operations for innovative, high volume, cost effective manufacturing. The IE team works across the lifecycle, from developing new production lines to scaling to continuous improvement. In this position, you will have the opportunity to help define what industrial engineering looks like for Anduril at a global scale. You’ll support increasing efficiencies throughout our end-to-end processes, all with a focus on introducing scale and resiliency into our growing people and tools footprint. If you thrive in fast-paced, technical environments and excel at juggling multiple responsibilities, we want to hear from you.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**  
  
**Project Planning and Execution**

* Define project scope, create schedules, and manage all phases from conception to completion
* Develop and manage project budgets, track costs, and ensure adequate staffing and tools are available
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including manufacturing engineering, manufacturing operations design engineering, business lines, and facilities - gathering requirements, providing updates, managing expectations, and addressing concerns.
* Lead initiatives across Anduril sites to solve ongoing production issues, set up new facilities and production lines, and support deployment and harmonization of Industrial Engineering across global sites.

**Data Analysis and Reporting**

* Execute scrappy analyses on short-timelines to get answers quickly, while also considering more scalable solutions that will make Anduril successful in the long term
* Analyze manufacturing data to identify trends, patterns, and areas for improvement manufacturing processes.
* Facilitate data-driven decision-making by providing timely and accurate manufacturing information.

**Systems and Processes Improvement**

* Analyze best practices across teams and develop ways to standardize and implement across all teams.
* Assist in the documentation and standardization of business procedures and reporting protocols.
* Collaborate with digital tools team to evaluate solutions to improve the efficiency of industrial engineers in delivering solutions such as simulations, capacity plans, facility layouts
* Support adoption tracking for new IE standards across distributed team

**Capacity Planning and Management**

* Work with space planning and capacity management teams to understand product and facility plans of record and marry to test plans of record
* Develop a playbook and tactical plans for product facility moves

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering, data science, business, or related field.
* 2+ years of experience in a manufacturing environment, with a focus on data analysis, program support, or process improvement.
* Strong analytical aptitude and can intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and data-models
* Strong written and verbal communication abilities, with the capacity to present complex data clearly to diverse audiences
* A reliable self-starter, highly organized, resourceful, with attention to detail
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience working in a manufacturing environment
* Familiarity with MES, ERP, and PLM systems and how they interface with each other and with operations
* Familiarity with Confluence/JIRA, SharePoint and Airtable

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
