---
title: Flight Test Engineer, AE
status: archived
id: '5018589007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5018589007?gh_jid=5018589007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T21:42:44-04:00'
date: '2026-01-13T07:59:05-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position is looking for a highly motivated flight test engineer with emphasis in developmental test of new aircraft weapon and missile systems. You will work closely with the program test leadership, and a wide spectrum of cross-departments team members, solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. The role will be responsible for planning, coordination, execution and reporting on all facets of the test program.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded, this a fantastic opportunity.

## WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Plan and execute system level T&E of hardware and software with emphasis placed on resource planning, conducting ground and flight test, initial issue investigation, and process improvement/development.
* Act as lead or supporting test engineer for missile or weapon systems to include development, certification and integration test of subsystems to the AUR configuration.
* Collect test data and perform initial data analysis for the system under test.
* Work closely with program management and other engineering departments to develop requirements, and discuss test results to include collected data and observations.
* Assist in the creation of developmental test plans, test cards, technical updates and test reports.
* Conduct ground and flight testing at private and government-owned test ranges.
* Work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and standard practices.

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* A bachelor's degree in engineering or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution. May substitute equivalent engineering experience in lieu of education.
* 5+ years of experience as test conductor/director for developmental aircraft, weapons, or missile systems.
* Must have a good understanding of engineering concepts, principles, codes, and theory; experience demonstrating a broad application of those concepts; and expanding knowledge of principles, concepts, theory, and practices in related technical specialties.
* Test engineering experience working with developmental weapon or missile systems on manned and/or unmanned aircraft to include requirements development, planning, execution, and reporting.
* Previous experience with and/or current working knowledge of MIL-STD-8591, MIL-STD-2088, MIL-STD-1553, MIL-STD-1760, AS8775, AS5653, etc.
* Experience integrating and conducting test with suspension, arming, and release equipment.
* Previous expertise and working knowledge of the National Airspace System and UAS operating rules and regulations thereof.
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly; apply them accurately; organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; and, determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems.
* Strong computer and documentation experience.
* Must have strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team; able to perform complex tasks in one or more engineering areas.
* Able to work extended hours as required.
* Ability to travel as required for test planning and execution.
* Bias for action – if you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret-Level security clearance.

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working with the Department of Defense (DoD).
* Prior experience with software code/script building using programming languages such as Go, Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, etc.
* Prior experience with Linux based systems and command line.
* Working Knowledge with COTs Small UAS autopilot and mission planning software.
* Experience working with manned aircraft personnel and familiar with aviation terminology.
* Experience with weapon or tactical datalinks.
* Experience with multiple different propulsion systems to include air and non-air breathing.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$135,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
