---
title: Growth Operations, Air Dominance & Strike
status: archived
id: '5022522007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5022522007?gh_jid=5022522007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-02T16:30:00-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Business Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The goal of Anduril’s Air Dominance and Strike Division is to fundamentally reshape the way future peer to peer conflicts are fought by developing next generation [collaborative combat aircraft](https://defensescoop.com/2024/02/13/air-force-cca-two-vendors/), missiles, and the software that powers these autonomous weapons. The AD&S Operations team is a small but mighty team of business generalists who enable the division to scale through hyper-growth while breaking as few things as possible. We’re looking for someone to lead our growth operations function to deeply embed with our Business Development team, optimize sales pipeline health, and translate demand into cross-functional requirements necessary for long-term operational planning.  
  
**Here’s what you’ll do:**

* Partner cross-functionally with Business Development, Corporate Operations and Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) to develop and refine strategic reporting and planning processes so we can hit our aggressive growth targets
* Support the Business Development team by analyzing top-line data to identify business trends, surface insights, and enable informed, data-backed decision
* Own the translation of sales pipeline demand into short- and long-term planning across Operations, Production, Real Estate, Corporate Technology, and Finance
* Proactively identify and address recurring business process challenges at the intersection of Business Development, Operations, and Finance, leveraging quantitative analysis to drive innovative, sustainable process improvements
* Utilize an advanced data analysis skill set to translate complex data into strategic narratives tailored for executive audiences
* Execute on special projects across staffing, finance, real estate, and other business infrastructure as they arise

**Here’s who you are:**

* You have exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences
* You’re comfortable navigating ambiguity, framing analytical problems, and taking ownership of cross-functional projects from start to finish
* You have an aptitude for rapid learning and assimilating new information to swiftly become proficient in unfamiliar subject areas and technologies
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You’re highly detail oriented and data-driven
* You’re tactical and don’t only sit at a 30,000 foot level
* You have 4-10 years of varied experience in an operating role at a high-growth technology company, starting a venture, or in finance or consulting
* Must be eligible to hold a US Top Secret clearance.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
