---
title: Senior Flight Sciences Engineer - Tactical Reconnaissance and Strike Division
status: archived
id: '5025312007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5025312007?gh_jid=5025312007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T21:06:43-04:00'
date: '2026-03-03T17:13:59-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Tactical Recon & Strike Engineering : Software '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon and Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from paper sketches to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

The guidance, navigation, and control (GNC) team within TRS performs implementation, analysis, test, and validation for GNC software solutions supporting our autonomous drone fleet. Applications include attitude and position control, waypoint and terminal guidance engagements, and navigating contested environments including communication and GPS denied environments.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

This role will be responsible for guidance and control law development and validation, hardware and software in-the-loop test and analysis, and cutting edge navigation solutions supporting the entire range of drones within TRS.

**What You’ll Do**

+ **Aerodynamic Design & Analysis:**

- Aerodynamic design of fixed-wing, rotary-wing, and hybrid VTOL platforms at conceptual, preliminary, and detail design maturities
- aerodynamic analysis of unmanned air vehicles, using both low and high order methods, including analysis tool development and improvement as needed
- Conduct detailed analysis to predict and enhance aero performance.
- Utilize Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) tools and low-order methods for performance evaluation.
- Develop and maintain in-house suite of aerodynamic analysis tools.
- Evaluate impacts of configuration changes on performance of the aircraft.

+ **Flight Simulation Development:**

- Design, implement, and maintain high-fidelity flight simulation models.
- Utilize simulation to evaluate aircraft performance and reliability.
- Validate simulation accuracy against wind tunnel and flight test results

+ **Testing:**

- Work with Flight Test personnel to plan and execute tests to evaluate aircraft performance
- Plan and coordinate wind tunnel testing to gather aerodynamic data
- Analyze test data to identify performance trends and areas for improvement.
- Utilize flight test data to identify system bugs and failures
- Prepare technical reports and briefings to communicate findings with stakeholders.

**Required Qualifications**

+ Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field.
+ 8+ years applicable professional experience with airborne platforms
+ Proven experience in aerodynamic design and analysis, flight simulation, and flight testing
+ Extensive hands-on experience with CFD tools, MATLAB/Simulink, or equivalent simulation platforms
+ Expert level programming and data analysis skills (MATLAB, C++, etc.)
+ Strong understanding of aerodynamics and flight dynamics, stability, and control
+ A passion for defending the Unites States of America and its allies
+ US person status is required as this position requires access to export controlled information

**Preferred Qualifications**

+ PhD in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field
+ Experience with flight control design and analysis for fixed and rotary wing aircraft or missile systems
+ C/C++ Expertise
+ Experience with Simulink Embedded Coder

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
