---
title: Electrical Test Engineer
status: archived
id: '5030929007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5030929007?gh_jid=5030929007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T12:12:15-04:00'
date: '2026-02-05T12:44:37-05:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Radar'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (Denrose)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Radar team is seeking an Electrical Test Engineer to help us test the next generation of US radars. The Radar team is responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from the ideation stage through initial production.  In this role, you will work closely with an interdisciplinary technical team to perform testing and collaborate with design engineers to mature the prototypes into products.** WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Conduct integration and developmental testing of complex electrical subystems, including high speed digital and RF components.
* Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products.
* Conduct environmental testing to ensure the reliability of our radars in various environments.
* Create and update test procedures for validating printed circuit board performance against design targets. Design test automation to streamline this testing where possible.
* Stay current with emerging technologies and industry trends to drive innovation and maintain our technological edge.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent, with 3+ years of experience testing and troubleshooting complex board designs.
* Experience with analog and digital electronics testing and troubleshooting.
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, current-probes, and automation of tests.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc..
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits.
* Comfortable with a variety of electronic CAD tools (Altium preferred, Eagle and others acceptable).
* Experience with test automation scripting (e.g., Python) for data acquisition and control.
* Experience in testing and debugging for signal integrity / power integrity.
* Strong time management and organizational abilities, with a demonstrated ability to deliver projects on time and within budget.
* Excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to think creatively and adapt to diverse and evolving challenges.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity with common MCU, CPU, FPGA devices and technologies.
* Experience with RF electronics testing and troubleshooting.
* Experience with RF test equipment such has VNAs, signal analyzers, signal generators, and power meters.
* Experience with environmental testing procedures and standards to pass MIL-STD-810.
* Experience developing test fixtures to support board testing and troubleshooting

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
