---
title: Tactical Network Engineer - Clearance Required
status: archived
id: '5032280007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5032280007?gh_jid=5032280007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-03T12:28:11-05:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Connected Warfare Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Engineers in the Connected Warfare (CW) Division work across disciplines to build, deploy, integrate, extend, and scale Anduril's software and hardware systems to deliver mission-critical capabilities to our customers at the tactical edge. As the engineers closest to customers/end-users, ECC Tactical Network Engineers are designed to solve technical challenges of operational scenarios while owning the end-to-end delivery of new capabilities from zero to one.

As a **Tactical Network Engineer** on the **Edge Compute and Comms (ECC) Engineering** team, you will combine industry-leading commercial communications technologies with legacy military radio systems to rapidly prototype and create new products and solutions to address a wide variety of customer problems involving software, hardware, networking, autonomy/robotics, systems integration, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril and third-party products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes.

Above all, ECC Engineers are driven by a "Whatever It Takes" mindset—executing in an *expedient*, *scalable*, and *methodical* way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality. You will work on new technology introduction and enhancing products like the Menace Family of Systems to bring integrated C4 (Compute, Comms, Command, and Control) capabilities to the tactical edge.

Our C4 systems must function in highly dynamic and adversarial DDIL (Denied, Degraded, Intermittent, Limited) environments where nodes have varying states of link quality & availability, have frequently changing network topologies and are under constant threat of interference ranging from electronic warfare to physical destruction. In addition, our assets are deployed to austere combat zones which do not have the well-developed network infrastructure which most network solutions rely on. Our challenge is to provide networking software and hardware systems that provide reliability, resilience, speed and security in these challenging environments.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Integrate emerging networking capabilities, bringing new hardware and software products into the Menace family of systems
* Contribute to networking requirements decomposition across cross-functional teams, helping define success in the face of ambiguity
* Design network topologies and configurations decomposed from complex design reference missions (DRMs) involving large scale unmanned systems and forward-deployed C2 systems
* Design, implement, deploy, and troubleshoot system networking solutions focused on Layer-1 (Physical), Layer-2 (Data), Layer-3 (Network), and Layer-4 (Transport) of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) reference model, and that meet and exceed industry-standard security goals
* Own systems end to end with the ability to identify and solve networking problems between the seams, scrutinize system performance, make tradeoffs, and deliver an outcome
* Perform trade-off studies of different comms and networking solutions including government provided technologies
* Build robust tooling for benchmarking and analyzing network traffic
* Analyze test network infrastructure, develop recommendations, and implement improvements for network reliability and throughput for edge network
* Collaborate extensively with software engineers to build a representative modeling and simulation environment including hardware-in-the-loop lab infrastructure
* Analyze network packet data to identify anomalous behavior, potential security threats, and communication inefficiencies across diverse tactical network deployments

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* **Must possess an active U.S. security clearance, secret or higher**
* 5+ years of hands-on experience in tactical networking or related fields
* Understanding of empirical testing criteria leveraging both quantitative and qualitative criteria for trade study and hardware/software analysis.
* Experience applying engineering standards to engineering processes or requirements
* 2-5 years expertise in tactical LOS and BLOS RF systems
* 3+ years experience with ad-hoc mesh networking, secure communication protocols (IPSec/MACSec, etc), software-defined networking, internet protocols (TCP/IP, DNS, etc), and routing protocols
* Experience with commercial SDWAN solutions
* Demonstrated experience collaborating across cross-functional teams.
* Comfortable working with ambiguity, evolving priorities, and challenging problems
* Excellent communication and presentation skills
* Experience with mesh networking radios
* Experience with network modeling and simulation tools and frameworks
* Must be willing to travel for test field events up to 40%
* Experience with network traffic analysis tools and PCAP analysis (e.g., Wireshark, tcpdump, NetworkMiner)
* Proficiency in analyzing network protocols and packet structures to diagnose communication issues in tactical environments

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Expertise in these specific tactical ship-to-ship and ship-to-shore comms
  + SatCom
  + VHF + UHF
  + LPI/LPD and anti-jamming
  + MIMO
  + Antenna theory
* Expertise in Cloud Networking
* Expertise in Cybersecurity
* 3+ years experience with programming languages such as Python, C/C++, or Rust for analysis and simulation
* Experience with electronic warfare (EW) technologies
* Experience with spectrum management and deconfliction
* Experience developing custom PCAP analysis tools or scripts for specialized network environments

US Salary Range

$146,000—$190,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
