---
title: Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '5036384007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5036384007?gh_jid=5036384007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-03T04:18:14-05:00'
location: Dublin, Dublin, Ireland
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : ECC - Voyager Engineering : Software Engineering'
offices:
- Dublin, Ireland
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Voyager team in Anduril Industries is an engineering and design division with a vast experience in developing innovative computing and communications solutions for the network edge. The team specializes in integrating enterprise networking capabilities from global IT leaders with purpose-built hardware and software platforms designed to meet market demands for the most stringent of environmental requirements.

**ABOUT THE ROLE**

We are seeking a Software Engineer to join our Software team in Dublin. This role will involve working on a range of projects including low-power compute modules, Baseboard Management Controllers (BMC), and IP routers. Candidate will be working on Linux-based embedded OSes, embedded applications and BSPs. An ability to learn new technologies quickly and a desire to work in challenging technical roles are key requirements. Anduril has a collaborative culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership. As a member of the team, your decisions today will have a large impact on the company now and into the future, as well as on our customers.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Develop high-quality software solutions based on technical requirements
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
* Maintain existing codebase and troubleshoot issues as they arise
* Participate in code reviews to ensure best practices are being followed
* Collaborating with development and QA teams using SCRUM/Agile methodologies

**Required Qualifications and experience**

* Minimum 3 years relevant previous experience
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field
* Proficiency in multiple programming languages; Python, C/C++, Bash/Shell scripting
* Strong understanding of software development lifecycle
* Good Networking knowledge - IPv4/IPv6, NAT, VPN
* Experience working with virtualisation and container technologies e.g. KVM, Docker.
* Experience with underlying linux systems such as systemd, dbus, linux network stack.
* Experience with software development for linux
* Strong problem-solving skills
* Excellent communication skills
* Ability to document work clearly
* Ability to work independently with minimal supervision

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience with build tools like yocto or buildroot
* Experience with kernel debugging.
* GDB experience.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including:

**Benefits**

* Matched pension contributions up to 10%
* An annual contribution toward your private health insurance for you and your dependents.
* Income Protection: Anduril covers life and disability insurance for all employees.
* Generous time off: Highly competitive PTO plans with a holiday hiatus in December. Caregiver & Wellness Leave is available to care for family members, bond with a new baby, or address your own medical needs.
* Family Planning & Parenting Support: Coverage for fertility treatments (e.g., IVF, preservation), adoption, and gestational carriers, along with resources to support you and your partner from planning to parenting.
* Mental Health Resources: Access free mental health resources 24/7, including therapy and life coaching. Additional work-life services, such as legal and financial support, are also available.
* Professional Development: Annual reimbursement for professional development
* Commuter Benefits: Company-funded commuter benefits based on your region.
* Relocation Assistance: Available depending on role eligibility.
* Free car parking

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
