---
title: Product Operations Lead, Tier 1
status: archived
id: '5041072007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5041072007?gh_jid=5041072007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T20:05:43-04:00'
date: '2026-02-03T01:37:20-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Mission Success'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-31)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Product Operations team is responsible for maintaining the health of our deployed assets across different products and business lines. Our core functions span everything from issue intake and triage to resolution and optimization. We do this by providing a suite of capabilities including managing customer relationships, fleet observability and monitoring, and data analytics. We work within a broader sustainment ecosystem that includes many functional teams across a business line, including Program Management, Engineering, Mission Operations, and Deployments. This team is a crucial component of ensuring customer and mission success, and plays a critical role in shaping how Anduril continues to execute its mission of providing cutting-edge capabilities to the United States and its allies.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Product Operations Lead, Tier 1 to pilot our Help Desk operations and join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this position, you will play a key role in supporting our customers and their fielded assets by driving issues spanning multiple software and hardware products to resolution in real time. Using your intimate familiarity with these products and related issues, you must be able to coach teammates, interface directly with customers, work independently, and resolve complex issues using your discretion and sound judgment. The challenges you will encounter are innumerable and unpredictable, but you will be expected to take ownership of delivering the technical solution.   
  
You should have an aptitude for debugging and an appetite for real-time response, rapid resolution, and root-causing complex issues across multiple platforms and organizations. If you are passionate about ground-breaking technology, contributing to the national security mission, and interacting alongside professionals that span a wide range of disciplines, Anduril is interested in speaking with you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Supervise and mentor Product Operations Associates, ensuring effective performance, adherence to protocols, and professional development
* Manage shift schedules and staffing levels to maintain 24/7 operational readiness
* Develop Tier 1 scoped processes and runbooks
* Create and implement process and product improvements based on customer feedback and available metrics/analytics, utilizing internal monitoring dashboards and alerting software
* Interface directly with Anduril’s customers and hardware/software products to provide world-class account level and technical support on complex issues
* Manage ticket flow, triage, and response through Salesforce’s Service Desk management system
* Identify and solve persistent problems and reoccurring failures
* Author and issue product-specific knowledge articles and SOPs for end-user triaging

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in a related field
* Minimum of 2-3 years of experience in a Operations/Support Center or similar operational environment
* Prior experience supporting complex hardware systems, networks, and related technologies (military assets are a plus)
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team
* Extremely detail oriented with excellent customer service
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret security clearance; Holding clearances or Background Investigations in the past a plus

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience leading help desk operations and guiding team members
* Experience with ticketing systems and managing a ticket queue (Service Desk, Service Now, Jira, etc.)
* Experience with on-call support operations and working in limited risk tolerance production environments
* Familiarity with US military, hardware, software interfaces, and product operations are all pluses
* Government agency experience preferred
* Willingness to work non-standard hours and weekends

US Salary Range

$77,000—$102,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
