---
title: Staff Supplier Industrialization Engineer, Composites
status: archived
id: '5043499007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5043499007?gh_jid=5043499007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:07:32-04:00'
date: '2026-02-04T19:39:38-05:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

The Staff Supplier Industrialization Engineer, aircraft Composites is a high-profile, cross functional position that plays an integral role in enabling development and production flow of Anduril’s critical supply base. You will work in close coordination with internal engineering, quality, supply chain and manufacturing departments as well as directly with suppliers to execute effective, creative and smart supply chain strategies to achieve production goals.   
  
We're looking for a talented Staff Supplier Industrialization Engineer to expedite the qualification and implementation of product designs with our suppliers, optimizing these designs for quality, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness from early development through the entire product lifecycle.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own and manage the aircraft composites commodities/subcategories to execute supplier production (NPI to full production) strategies across Anduril’s business lines
* Be a force multiplier for the Supply Chain team and overall commodity strategy, demonstrating a strong sense of ownership, proactivity, technical excellence, creativity, self-direction, and courage
* Vet Suppliers' production capabilities, factory lay out, facilities, workforce for supplier inclusion in Anduril's Approved Supplier List
* Support Supplier Quality Engineers (SQE) in ensuring Suppliers' understanding and adherence to the criteria for part quality set by SQE
* Own manufacturing process development at Supplier locations & the initialization of new production lines & tooling at Supplier sites to ensure materials, processes, & tools are capable of meeting product performance, quality, and production rate requirements
* Own the roadmap for capacity expansion, manufacturing readiness, and production ramp-up at Suppliers
* Establish and drive performance via statistical process control (SPC) reviews at Supplier
* Identify and drive product and process improvements, factory layout optimization at Supplier sites to lower part cost, reduce supply risk, eliminate potential defects, and improve cycle time over the product lifecycle
* Support SQE with root cause task force at Anduril by working in tandem with the Supply Chain team, Suppliers, and be responsible for closing the loop of root cause corrective/preventative actions at Supplier

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field
* 12+ years of experience in supplier quality and industrialization within a manufacturing environment
* Experience with specific category technical expertise, as applicable, composites and thermoplastics manufacturing, IPC standards, CAD, GD&T
* Ability to travel at least 50% of the time
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in McHenry, MS
* Ability to be eligible and maintain a U.S. clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in mechanical or metallurgical/materials engineering, or related technical field
* Previous experience in defense, aerospace, automotive, high tech, or another related industry
* Strong understanding of quality systems, standards, and certifications
* Familiarity with developing high-tech products in a high-mix, low-volume environment
* Exposure to working in a fast-pace, start-up environment
* Excellent communication, negotiation, and problem-solving skills

US Salary Range

$143,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
