---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Digital Tools
status: archived
id: '5044413007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5044413007?gh_jid=5044413007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-05T14:11:08-05:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Digital Manufacturing'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM:

Anduril’s Digital Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Digital Tools to join our team. The Digital Manufacturing team plays a pivotal role in optimizing manufacturing operations through the implementation and management of procedures and advanced digital solutions. The team ensures that manufacturing processes are efficient, scalable, and integrated with the latest industry standards.

### ABOUT THE JOB:

As a Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Digital Tools, you will be involved in the internal deployment and adoption of Anduril’s ProductionOS manufacturing software solutions. The right person for this role has strong technical and analytical skills that can be applied and implemented in a real world environment to drive outcomes for the business.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Work with manufacturing and software leadership to develop and implement novel manufacturing software strategies that enhance productivity, reduce costs, and improve quality.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment of manufacturing software roadmap with overall business objectives.
* Monitor industry trends and best practices to keep our manufacturing processes at the cutting edge.
* Drive adoption of manufacturing software solutions across the company, and own the feedback loop between the users and the developers.
* Create and maintain comprehensive documentation of manufacturing software standard instructions and best practices.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor’s degree in Manufacturing Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Software Engineering, User Experience Design, or related field.
* 8+ years of experience in a digital manufacturing environment, including familiarity with MES, ERP, and PLM systems and how they interface with each other and with operations.
* High sense of user empathy and the ability to manage and communicate with stakeholders.
* Ability to quickly understand current operations and potential issues on the product line and can speak the language.
* Strength working with manufacturing leadership to conceptualize solutions and gain / understand requirements
* Excellent communication and presentation skills, capable of conveying complex information in an understandable manner.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and lead cross-functional projects.
* Adept at managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced manufacturing environment.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
