---
title: Mission Operations Engineer
status: archived
id: '5056328007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5056328007?gh_jid=5056328007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-20T14:57:46-05:00'
location: Broomfield, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering'
offices:
- Broomfield, CO
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## ABOUT THE TEAM

The Radar team at Anduril develops state-of-the-art sensing capabilities for air surveillance, counter-UAS, and counter-intrusion missions. Our software-defined radars provide persistent, all-weather detection and tracking of aerial and ground threats, seamlessly integrating with Lattice OS to enable autonomous decision-making and multi-sensor fusion. We're building next-generation radar systems that are rapidly deployable, highly mobile, and designed for the modern battlefield—from protecting critical infrastructure to enabling advanced air defense operations.

# ABOUT THE JOB

The Mission Operations (MOPs) team is responsible for managing the execution, growth, and success of our customer accounts. Working across product, engineering, sales, and logistics teams, our Mission Operations Engineers own the customer relationships and develop, plan, and deploy Anduril products in support of their missions. They work side-by-side with customers to understand their specific problem sets and then shape Anduril's offerings alongside our engineering teams to fit the mission needs. Because the problems we solve are uniquely challenging, our Mission Operations Engineers naturally gravitate toward finding solutions and are adept at navigating organizational hurdles. They are ultimately responsible for customer and mission success and therefore play a critical role in the shaping and future of Anduril Industries.

## WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Serve as "project manager" / "on-site lead" working directly with U.S. military, DHS, and allied customers to deliver Anduril's radar and integrated sensor capabilities across multiple locations
* Lead a small team of engineers through site standups from initial radar integration through operational acceptance while interfacing with strategic end-users throughout the process
* Responsible for monitoring radar system performance, connectivity, integration with mesh networks, and fusion with other sensors (EO/IR, RF) and C2 systems at distributed sites and with partner organizations
* Gather, triage, and prioritize user feedback on radar detection performance, tracking accuracy, classification capabilities, issues, and errors found during fielding, testing, exercises, and normal use within operational schedules
* Provide input to account and engineering teams on radar features, detection algorithms, and UI/UX improvements that enhance or greatly improve efficiency of operator workflows
* Support engagement with other units, commands, and organizations for increased deployment and installation of our radar systems across military installations, critical infrastructure sites, and forward operating locations
* Develop and contribute to a streamlined user feedback and engagement system for radar operations, which could include issue tracking, operator training sessions, refreshers, and focused preparation for exercises and events

## 

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience and a Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, electronics engineering, computer engineering or related field
* Willingness to travel 50% - 75%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity and experience working with materiel leadership or mission partners within Army Air & Missile Defense, USMC Ground Based Air Defense, SOCOM, DHS CBP, or allied defense organizations and working knowledge of the counter-UAS and air surveillance competitive landscape
* Basic understanding of radar fundamentals, sensor fusion concepts, or air defense operations
* Experience working in small, cross-functional teams, solving complex problems, surrounded by ambiguity
* Experience working in high-stress environments, including field deployments or operational settings
* Self-starter who takes initiative with little direction
* Ability to communicate efficiently and succinctly both internally across our entire team and externally to multiple stakeholders including military operators, program managers, and technical staff

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$98,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
