---
title: Law Enforcement Liaison Specialist
status: archived
id: '5056348007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5056348007?gh_jid=5056348007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-19T18:40:06-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Corporate Physical Security'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Corporate Security team is vital to safeguarding the company’s people, assets, facilities, and intellectual property within a high-stakes defense technology environment. Through the Law Enforcement Liaison Program, the team cultivates trusted external partnerships, enabling proactive threat mitigation, effective incident response, and seamless information exchange, all critical for accelerating innovation and advancing national security missions.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking a dedicated Law Enforcement Liaison Specialist to join the Corporate Security team, supporting the Security Operations and Law Enforcement Liaison functions. This role is key in establishing and nurturing strong relationships with federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies, as well as DHS-sanctioned fusion centers. You will facilitate critical information sharing, conduct investigations into corporate security incidents, analyze domestic threats, and contribute to protecting personnel, facilities, and physical assets in Anduril’s fast-paced, high-tech defense setting. The position contributes to a scalable security framework that enables secure operations across sites and supports company growth.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Partnership Development:** Facilitate and foster new and pre-existing relationships with local and state law enforcement agencies, fusion centers, and other public safety partners.
* **Intelligence Sharing & Collaboration:** Participate in collaborative efforts with diverse internal and external working groups for critical intelligence sharing.
* **Executive Stakeholder Engagement:** Maintain an executive-level presence to inform and engage diverse stakeholders, including community leaders, industry partners, and regulatory entities.
* **Training & Development:** Develop and deliver briefings and trainings on security awareness, incident reporting, vulnerability assessment, and law enforcement collaboration.
* **Incident Investigation:** Investigate corporate security incidents, handling both baseline and complex cases.
* **Investigative Procedures:** Conduct interviews, gather evidence, and provide protective measure recommendations.
* **Reporting & Compliance:** Prepare comprehensive reports on incidents, threats, and partnership activities, ensuring full compliance with company policies.
* **Threat Assessment & Mitigation:** Assess and articulate domestic threats, developing effective mitigation strategies to share with key stakeholders.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice or a related field.
* Minimum of 5-10 years of law enforcement experience, preferably with a focus on investigations, liaison work, or multi-agency partnerships.
* Proven skills in conducting interviews, incident response, and investigating violations of law.
* Experience with complex or high-profile investigations and/or dignitary protection efforts.
* Strong knowledge of domestic threats and physical asset/personnel protection strategies.
* Excellent communication and relationship-building skills with public safety entities.
* Ability to collaborate across complex teams in a fast-paced environment with minimal guidance.
* Proficiency with investigative tools and report management systems.
* Ability to travel to various locations to engage and collaborate effectively with partners and stakeholders.
* Ability to obtain and maintain required security clearances.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Background in specialized investigative or response units
* Experience on federal, state, or local task forces (e.g., counterterrorism or homeland security)
* Prior development or delivery of certified training in risk mitigation, vulnerability assessment, or related topics
* Prior work with DHS fusion centers

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
