---
title: 'Associate Director, Business Development, Imaging  (Emerging Technology) '
status: archived
id: '5061611007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5061611007?gh_jid=5061611007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-26T13:18:45-05:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Mission Systems Capture'
offices:
- Waltham, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Imaging Business Line, within Mission Systems Division, is responsible for tackling the most difficult problems involving computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data. The team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software. Imaging products are deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Imaging team is based in Waltham, Massachusetts.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The **Director, Imaging (Emerging Technology)** role is part of the **Imaging Business Development (BD)** team that is responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing new opportunities and capabilities. To meet current and future client needs, the team must deeply understand the users pain points, how current solutions fail to address existing gaps, and how Anduril products can deliver more effective mission outcomes. BD team members serve as the bridge between clients and the broader Anduril team; they convey client perspectives to other teams across the enterprise while also serving as the Anduril brand ambassador externally. The Imaging BD team partners closely with programs, engineering, and leadership teams to ensure that Anduril products exceed client expectations and mission demands, and to drive continuous product improvements in response to ever-changing client needs and operating environments. The Imaging BD team also works closely with other divisions and business lines inside Anduril to provide customers with best-in-class integrated systems.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Build a cohesive, data-driven strategy within the US Marine Corps, US Navy, US Army, US Air Force, US SOCOM, and other relevant agencies to penetrate, expand, and deliver at scale Imaging’s Emerging Technology Portfolio
* Develop and maintain close working relationships with key stakeholders to identify and shape new business opportunities, proactively communicate and resolve program issues, and provide strategic direction to program teams across operations, engineering, and manufacturing
* Serve as a leader for existing programs within the Imaging Business Line; design, implement, and execute strategic capture campaigns within key acquisition organizations and PEO/PM groups, ensuring effective engagement with senior service and DoD leadership
* Foster a culture of trust, open communications, customer focus, innovation, and continuous improvement
* Lead initiatives that move the organization forward, contributing to business and financial performance in a material and meaningful manner
* Deliver on financial performance commitments and build strategic market growth initiatives

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 5 years of relevant program management, solutions architecture, acquisitions or business development/sales capture experience in the government and/or private sector
* Relevant experience in air defense, counter unmanned systems (cUxS), infrared, laser, and related technologies
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Must be willing to travel up to 50%
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Proven leader who has demonstrated experience in shaping and capturing complex Command and Control hardware and software programs, with preference given to candidates with recent experience in DoD acquisition.
* A technically minded leader who can build, adapt, and implement new and innovative approaches to market
* Demonstrated knowledge in defense acquisitions, with a history of zero-to-one defense program growth in a key account
* Demonstrated high-energy leader who will drive performance and exhibit strong management skills with a high level of emotional intelligence
* Intimate understanding of government contracting, fielding, requirements generation, and budgeting for the purposes of transitioning prototype capabilities to production
* Excellent writing, communication skills with experience briefing senior executives and customers
* Experience with complex systems and/or technical projects involving hardware and software
* STEM degree
* Prior military or contracting experience

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
