---
title: Senior Director, Global Warehousing & Material Movement (Manufacturing)
status: archived
id: '5062417007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5062417007?gh_jid=5062417007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-02-25T02:03:30-05:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Warehousing & Transportation'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Senior Director of Global Warehousing & Material Movement will be responsible for developing and executing the warehousing strategy that optimizes material movement across the company. This role will oversee warehousing operations, ensuring efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and alignment with the organization’s supply chain goals. The role will need to improve and execute on today's challenges while also prepare the organization for hyperscale growth in a highly dynamic environment.  
 **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Strategic Leadership**: Develop and implement a comprehensive global warehousing strategy that aligns with the company’s overall supply chain objectives. Understand the future company growth outlook and ensure a strategy and plan are in place to efficiently deliver materials to enable production growth.
* **Operational Excellence**: Oversee daily warehousing operations, ensuring efficient material handling, storage, and distribution processes.
* **Team Management**: Lead, mentor, and develop a high-performing warehousing team, fostering a culture of continuous improvement and operational excellence.
* **Cost Management**: Monitor and manage warehousing budgets, identifying opportunities to reduce costs while maintaining service levels.
* **Collaboration**: Work closely with sites across Anduril, cross-functional teams(i.e., including logistics, procurement, accounts payable, finance, production) to ensure seamless, accurate and efficient material flow.
* **Technology Integration**: Evaluate and implement technology solutions to enhance warehousing operations, including warehouse management systems (WMS) and automation tools.
* **Compliance and Safety**: Ensure compliance with industry regulations and safety standards, promoting a safe working environment for all employees.
* **Performance Metrics**: Establish and monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) to drive operational performance and optimize warehouse efficiency.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain management, industrial engineering, business administration, or a related field
* 10+ years of experience in warehousing and supply chain management, with a minimum of 5 years in a leadership role.
* 5+ years of experience managing a team of supply chain professionals
* Proven track record of developing and executing successful warehousing strategies on a large scale across multiple sites.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make data-driven decisions.
* Expertise in warehouse management systems and emerging technologies in the logistics sector.
* Ability to travel as needed
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite at Arsenal-1 in Ashville, OH

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Masters degree
* Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
* Excellent communication, negotiation, and problem-solving skills
* Excellent collaboration skills with the ability to drive diverging thoughts to a conclusion
* Ability to command a room at all levels of the organization
* Proven ability to manage cross-functional projects and teams
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS or secret clearance

US Salary Range

$219,000—$290,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
