---
title: Propulsion Design & Sustainment Engineer
status: archived
id: '5063204007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5063204007?gh_jid=5063204007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-25T16:20:34-05:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Mechanical Engineering : Propulsion'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**

We are seeking a Propulsion Design and Sustainment Engineer to join Anduril, working in a cutting-edge environment to advance our Air Breathing Turbojet Engine Technology.  Candidates for this role should have experience in hardware or integrated product development and have ideally worked within all stages of a standard product life cycle. They should be technically inclined with strong problem-solving skills, and able to comfortably understand core engineering design and manufacturing principles. The right individual needs to be excited about the prospects of working on a growing team and will be expected to contribute to internal new product development and sustainment activities within the Propulsion Design Engineering Group.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Support new products transitioning to and currently in production, ensuring smooth production onboarding or sustainment.
* Work with System Architect to map Vehicle level requirements to subsystem or component level.
* Procure, build, test and analyze new or sustaining hardware against requirements. Responsible for maintaining Design Verification and Validation plans.
* Work with the manufacturing and R&D engineering teams to implement incremental product improvements to increase reliability, Performance and manufacturability
* Create and maintain BOMs, Parts, Assemblies, drawings and technical procedures for existing engine configurations under development or sustaining status.
* Lead investigations into field failures or manufacturing/design issues and present proposed changes. Work with Responsible engineers to proposed permanent corrective actions.
* Work with responsible engineers to issue formal Change Requests, track and monitor them for timely implementation. Represent design team in Change Control Board or Change Review Board.
* Responsible for Value Engineering activities; Collaborate with Supply Base and Responsible Engineers to implement cost reduction or supplier resiliency initiatives.
* Act as a single point of contact for providing daily engineering support to engine production operations to resolve production obstacles.
* Facilitate supplier liaison on technical specifications and quality improvements. Ensure timely support through responsible engineers.

**QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 3+ years experience in Design Engineering, Sustaining or hands-on R&D role
* BS or higher degree in Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering
* Experience designing mechanical parts (CAD) in NX or Solidworks. Understanding of manufacturing methods (Castings, Machining, sheet metal, composites, 3D printing, injection molding etc.)
* Proficient in mechanical drawings, ASME Y14.5 GD&T.
* Experience with release management in Teamcenter or equivalent PLM systems.
* Experience procuring parts and working in a machine shop. Working knowledge of machine safety and shop safety protocols.
* Excellent attention to detail, ability to manage product complexity and associated requirements.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Demonstrated ability to work within a fast-paced and dynamic environment
* Organized and detail-oriented
* US Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience developing High speed machines for Aerospace or Automotive applications.
* Experience launching products in high volume production.
* Proven track record of working in multidisciplinary teams.
* Knowledge of rotor dynamics, Aerodynamics and engine vibration.
* Working knowledge of engine materials and selection.
* Detailed assembly stackup development.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
