---
title: Electrical Engineer, EMI - Intelligence Systems
status: archived
id: '5067348007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5067348007?gh_jid=5067348007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-02T21:50:46-05:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are seeking an Electrical Engineer specializing in EMI/EMC focus to join our expanding team in **Reston, Virginia**. This role focuses on leading EMI/EMC (Electromagnetic Interference/Electromagnetic Compatibility) design initiatives for our cutting-edge products. The ideal candidate will be responsible for working cross-functionally to optimize designs for electromagnetic compatibility, conducting EMI/EMC tests, and reviewing schematics/layouts for EMI/EMC considerations

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Evaluation of high-speed digital, precision analog, RF, and high-power designs for EMI/EMC compliance.
* Use EMC simulation tools to predict and analyze electromagnetic performance of electronic systems.
* Work with cross-functional teams to integrate EMI/EMC considerations into product design.
* Drive product maturity through rapid prototyping, design verification, and qualification activities.
* Apply modern design standards and guidelines to create high-reliability, highly manufacturable assemblies.
* Conduct peer-level and cross-discipline design reviews.
* Conduct test to assess electromagnetic emissions and susceptibility performance.
* Troubleshoot and resolve EMI/EMC performance issues throughout the product lifecycle.
* Work in a fast-paced environment, having to juggle multiple concurrent projects and customers.
* Define EMI/EMC design guidelines and best practices
* Stay updated on military and avionics EMI/EMC standards, regulations, and best practices (MIL-STD-461, DO-160)

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of professional experience in designing hardware products for EMI/EMC compliance.
* Knowledge of EMI/EMC Test Equipment such as spectrum analyzers, antennas, LISN etc.
* Full understanding of PCB Layout techniques to meet mechanical, electrical, EMI/EMC, and manufacturing requirements.
* Strong mathematical background with ability to drive EMI/EMC simulation tools to generate system performance models
* Identify program EMI/EMC risks and define strategies for reducing risk through the definition of modeling, simulation, or experimental activities.
* Ability to read and interpret schematics and apply best practices appropriate for each design.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Familiarity with common MCU, CPU, FPGA devices and technologies.
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits.
* Ability to determine work priorities based on broad direction from management.
* Experience using Altium Designer or equivalent E-CAD tools.
* Excellent communication skills and ability to work effectively with others.
* Ability to work within our company and team culture.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Full understanding of MIL-STD-461 and relevant military electromagnetic compatibility standards.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
