---
title: Production Program Director
status: archived
id: '5069654007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5069654007?gh_jid=5069654007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T20:36:13-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Autonomous Airpower Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Dominance and Strike Division is one of Anduril’s fastest growing, most technically complex divisions. We develop and build [collaborative combat aircraft](https://defensescoop.com/2024/02/13/air-force-cca-two-vendors/), missiles, and the software that powers these autonomous weapons. We are looking for a Program Director to be part of the leadership team on one of Anduril’s largest production programs. As a Program Director you will lead a significant portion of the product line and will be directly responsible for all elements of cost and schedule performance in assigned area.

### ABOUT THE JOB

1. Strategic Thinking and Decomposition: Ability to understand the long term objectives of the business, successfully develop a winning strategy that maximizes business objectives, and decompose into near term and long term plans.
2. Execution focused - digging into the details, charting the path and owning the outcome. You will be expected to utilize your technical aptitude in conjunction with your program management, and leadership skills to deliver the best outcome for Anduril and the customer.
3. Finical and Business Acumen: Understand the fundamentals of the business and develop KPIs and goals for departments and teams that drive real outcomes
4. Collaborative partnership - managing customer relationships and shaping the future of the program with the government.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own the overall financial performance and schedule for the production segment of the business
* Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from internal engineering, customers, and third party corporate partners to own successful delivery of outcomes on multiple programs simultaneously
* Understanding the long term objectives of the business, develop winning strategies that result in meeting Anduril’s business objectives while service the customers needs
* Develop strong, trusting relationships with Anduril’s DOD customers, ensuring we have tight feedback loops that enable us shape solutions, rapidly iterate, and ultimately field solutions faster
* Monitor and manage program progress across cost, schedule, and resource allocation, making tradeoffs that enable us to deliver best-in-class solutions to our customers on-time and on-budget at the stated production capacity rates
* Develop and implement lightweight processes, tools, and metrics for program planning, scope management, risk management, and customer communication to enable Anduril to move rapidly
* Be high ownership on all pieces of work and become a trusted partner and advisor to senior management
* Foster a creative, high-performance culture within the team, and proactively assess team skills versus needs, identifying personnel development or recruitment opportunities to strengthen the team’s capabilities
* Collaborate with finance and business development teams to develop novel pricing strategies for proposals that set Anduril up for long term financial and operational success
* Collaborate with senior management to develop and refine the strategic roadmap for Anduril Air Dominance & Strike R&D investments that underpin the success of our programs

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field (technical background preferred)
* Minimum of 8 years experience managing production of complex technical systems
* Proven track record of successfully managing complex, multi-million-dollar production lines and driving their on-time, on-budget performance
* Strong strategic thinking, analytical, and problem-solving abilities with the ability to move seamlessly between tactical and the 30,000 ft level
* Experience coordinating multiple internal and external teams within a complex engineering or technology-focused organization
* Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences

US Salary Range

$170,000—$226,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
