---
title: Pricing Operations, Senior Analyst
status: archived
id: '5069377007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5069377007?gh_jid=5069377007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T14:55:09-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

You will work closely with FP&A, Government Rates & Compliance, and Program Leadership as we efficiently scale proposal frameworks, policies, and reporting support Anduril's unprecedented growth.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Pricing Operations Analyst, you will partner with Anduril's Product Line leadership (Business Development, Proposal Managers, Program Management, and FP&A) to execute financial analyses and proposal cost volumes.  
These strategic efforts often require complex financial models, business-case analysis, and rate analysis as we establish and expand our presence in new markets.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Strategic Proposal Leadership
  + Lead and track strategic proposals; from opportunity to award, you are responsible for ensuring progress, compliance, and financial alignment with business objectives across multiple markets
  + Prepare cost and price proposals for federal and commercial solicitations, including U.S. DoD and International customers
  + Generate submission-ready cost proposal artifacts; Ensure cost proposals comply with solicitation instructions, government regulations (FAR, DFARS, TINA), and corporate policies.
  + Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand technical requirements, basis of estimates, risks, and opportunities, and translate them into compliant cost proposals for diverse markets
* Financial Modeling & Analysis
  + Develop comprehensive pricing models, templates, and training utilized by business line pricing teams
  + Exercise significant autonomy in leading process improvement projects and analyzing proposal estimates
  + Conduct risk analysis, what-ifs, and cost realism assessments to ensure pricing accuracy and executability across different market contexts
* Process Improvement
  + Continually assess and improve the estimating processes and tools used by the team to maintain efficiency and accuracy
  + Support audit reviews by government agencies, ensuring transparency and adherence to cost estimating policies and procedures

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's Degree in Business or Engineering
* 5+ years of experience in Finance, DoD or Engineering Finance exposure a plus
* Demonstrated ability to design, develop, and implement financial analysis tools and processes, such as pricing cost models to support strategic pursuits
* Experience with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and Truth in Negotiation Act (TINA)
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move.
* You are a problem solver; You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself
* You have strong analytical aptitude. You intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and models, and you are able to execute analyses quickly in Excel
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in Estimating & Pricing / Material Estimating / Defense Contracting Finance
* Experience in Engineering, Supply Chain, or Operations
* Experience with ProPricer
* Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel (financial modeling, pivot tables, complex formulas) and experience with ERP systems (e.g., Oracle, Palantir Foundry, NetSuite) and financial reporting tools

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
