---
title: Senior Mechanical Engineer
status: archived
id: '5071522007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5071522007?gh_jid=5071522007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T14:35:53-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Surface Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Mechanical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Maritime Division has assembled a diverse team of experts in software, robotics, artificial intelligence, sensor fusion, and data analysis to create software and hardware solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of our customers. We are fielding the next generation of autonomous systems to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of maritime operations. Anduril has brought to market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth underwater vessel platform and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "small" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on billion-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
We are continuing to expand our product portfolio, now moving into the surface maritime domain. Products like Dive-XL, Dive-LD, Copperhead, Seabed Sentry, and surface products in the pipeline will create a system-of-systems that enable a multitude of autonomous missions across all maritime domains. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact and working on systems that directly contribute to achieving national strategic priorities, we want you to join Anduril’s Maritime Division and help us build the future of defense capability.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We are looking for a **Mechanical Engineer** to support the design, packaging, and integration of **mission-critical systems** onboard autonomous surface systems. This role involves close collaboration with electrical, systems, and software teams to ensure effective installation and operation of sensors, weapons, communications, and C4ISR payloads in compact, rugged marine environments.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Collaboratively work within our Maritime group to design, integrate, build, and carry out testing for autonomous maritime systems
* Develop **mechanical packaging solutions** for mission system components such as radars, EO/IR sensors, antennas, and onboard computing hardware.
* Create **mounting structures, vibration isolation systems, and thermal management solutions** tailored to high-performance defense hardware.
* Own and drive mechanical systems and platform development, overseeing the process from initial concept to low rate production.
* Lead technical efforts to define requirements, propose possible solutions, and establish a methodology for evaluating and verifying mechanical systems.
* Work in close partnership with other disciplines to ensure the electrical, software, and mechanical systems collectively form a reliable, flexible, cost-effective system.
* Spearhead design reviews, conduct analysis, visit vendors, prototype and implement hardware test plans.
* Actively contribute to the enhancement of team tools, templates, processes, and standards.
* Cultivate a vibrant, positive, dedicated, high-energy, educational, and enjoyable community environment.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Prior involvement in comprehensive technical projects, either in collegiate project teams or professional environments.
* 7+ years of experience with **mechanical integration of mission systems** (sensors, C4ISR, antennas, weapons) in maritime, aerospace, or defense systems, with maritime being preferred
* Proven CAD skills (Siemens NX experience preferred) and the ability to produce high-quality engineering drawings that comply with common industry standards.
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication skills.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance
* Degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with the design, implementation and support of robotic and/or autonomous systems
* Experience working within the defense, maritime and/or aerospace domains
* Experience with finite element analysis of complex structural assemblies, including aluminum and composite structures
* Experience with machining, sheet metal, injection molding, composites and/or additive manufacturing
* Experience within the product delivery lifecycle including manufacturing, system acceptance, deployment, and sustainment

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
