---
title: Production Technician, Roadrunner
status: archived
id: '5073709007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5073709007?gh_jid=5073709007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-03T15:27:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations : Production Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Manufacturing Production team is responsible for a wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including operating equipment, assembling products, performing quality control checks, and maintaining a safe and efficient work environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Production Technician to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for assembly and integration of mechanical and/or electrical components. If you are someone who is a highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment and detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Follow detailed blueprints, schematics, and instructions to assemble products or systems
* Use various hand tools and power tools to put components together
* Combine different subsystems or components into a larger, functioning system
* Ensure compatibility and proper communication between integrated components
* Maintain detailed records of assembly processes, test results, and any issues encountered
* Follow safety protocols and procedures in the workplace
* Possibility for overtime and weekend shifts as needed

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 1+ years of experience working in a manufacturing setting (aerospace, electronics, or medical industry is preferred) performing mechanical and/or electrical assemblies
* Proficient with common hand tools and power tools such as pliers, wrenches, screwdrivers, depth micrometers, calipers, dial indicators, pressure gauges, multimeters, test boxes or specialized test equipment
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications)
* Able to read a wiring diagrams and follow assembly instructions
* Ability to rapidly change roles/responsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
* Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with engineering and production
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated experience with many aspects of aircraft or ground systems fabrication, repair, assembly, and operation including structural fabrication, integration, composites fabrication, and avionics build/integration/test
* Mechanically assemble complex electro-mechanical assemblies, high quality wire harnesses, test racks, junction boxes, and associated components involving hand soldering and component fabrication
* Perform validation and testing of various electronic components using equipment such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, network analyzers, and test racks
* Experience with common air-frame construction techniques such as rivets, mechanical fasteners, nut plates, etc.
* Prior hands-on experience with kit, model, or experimental aircraft builds
* Electronic box assembly troubleshooting, and writing detailed issue tickets for failures
* Running functional checkouts and tests, and diagnosing issues discovered during these processes
* Testing and running RF systems
* Troubleshoot extensively
* Loading firmware onto integrated digital systems
* Running LabView scripts
* PCBA integration and troubleshooting
* Basic understanding of LEAN manufacturing principles
* Assist with kitting products, as needed
* Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (Engineering, Math, Hard Science, Business, etc.)
* Holds an Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) license or has similar training
* Forklift certification

#### US Hourly Range

Production Technician/Level 1: $23 - $34/hour   
Production Technician/Level 2: $25 - $38/hour  
Production Technician/Level 3: $29 - $43/hour  
  
Your job level will be tailored to your individual qualifications, including your job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
