---
title: Senior Government Property Manager, Arsenal-1
status: archived
id: '5073891007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5073891007?gh_jid=5073891007
lastmod: '2026-06-16T19:42:12-04:00'
date: '2026-03-09T15:18:37-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Government Property'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an experienced Senior Government Property Manager to be the first member of the team in our Ashville, OH location. This is a critical position as Anduril continues to expand its operations across a wide variety of programs, contracts, and locations.

As a Senior Government Property Manager, you will oversee the lifecycle management of customer owned property to ensure compliance with company policies, contractual requirements, and the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS). This role is integral to scaling Anduril’s operational excellence, offering you the opportunity to take ownership of property management processes while driving measurable impact across the site and organization. Anduril fosters a collaborative, fast-paced culture where you will have the freedom to innovate and make decisions that shape the future of the business.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Oversee the lifecycle management of customer property to ensure compliance and accountability within each of the 10 outcomes, and 22 elements of property management.
* Analyze current processes to identify areas for improvement, implement processes that enhance efficiency, reduce waste, and support long-term operational success.
* Manage and execute compliance audits, both internal and external (e.g., Defense Contract Management Agency), ensuring Anduril maintains alignment with property management regulations, while addressing corrective actions as necessary.
* Confirm that work is scheduled and performed in accordance with applicable government regulations, customer contracts, corporate policy or recommended industry standards.
* Maintain asset management system to ensure traceability and provide accurate transaction history.
* Receive, identify/tag, and originate asset records as necessary.
* Assist in the completion, reconciliation, and reporting of physical inventories.
* Coordinate property reviews and physical inventories at subcontractors to ensure control of government property.
* Report property transactions through PIEE that may include: Shipment, Receipt, Transfer, Consumption, LTDD, and/or Excess Property.
* Provide guidance and training to cross-functional teams on government property regulations, fostering compliance, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
* Proactively identify challenges and remove obstacles for your team and internal partners, engaging stakeholders to ensure effective resolution and program success.
* Communicate effectively to keep internal and external teams informed at all times. Use the necessary channels (Slack, email, meetings) to ensure stakeholders understand what needs to be accomplished and when.
* Be a team player where no task is too small. Be willing to roll up your sleeves and get the job done. Embrace the startup life.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in supply chain management, logistics, business administration, or a related field.
* Minimum of 8 years of experience managing customer property.
* In-depth knowledge of Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 52.245-1 and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Part 245, with a proven ability to implement and maintain compliance systems.
* Extensive experience conducting compliance audits, including internal assessments and external reviews (e.g., DCMA and DCAA).
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to interpret data, identify trends, and generate actionable insights that improve operations and compliance
* Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with a demonstrated ability to collaborate across cross-functional teams, engage stakeholders, and build lasting relationships.
* Familiarity and competence with property management systems and tools, including the Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE).
* Customer-focused, must be able to work on a self-initiated basis and in a team environment, and able to work extended hours and travel as required.
* Certifications such as Certified Professional Property Specialist (CPPS), Certified Professional Property Administrator (CPPA), or Certified Professional Property Manager (CPPM) from the National Property Management Association (NPMA) are highly desired.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
