---
title: Facilities Triage & Response Coordinator
status: archived
id: '5083362007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5083362007?gh_jid=5083362007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T15:09:34-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Core Operations team is responsible for maintaining and optimizing our facilities to ensure operational continuity, safety, and efficiency. This includes planned maintenance work, facility upgrades, seating & fixtures, and workplace movement, all of which are crucial to Anduril's ability to operate seamlessly and securely.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Operations Service Desk Coordinator to join our rapidly growing team in Southern California. In this role, you will assist the Southern California team in monitoring, reviewing, assigning, escalating, and tracking work requests using Jira and Limble CMMS. You will work closely with the facilities, workplace, and asset improvement teams to ensure clear communication in support of operational needs. If you are someone who is customer service-oriented, detail-oriented, and a high multi-tasker with excellent communication skills, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Receive and assign incoming JIRA tickets for workplace, facilities, space planning, and asset improvement.
* Assist with the dispatch of tickets to appropriate technicians, engineers, or teams and monitor progress through completion.
* Escalate critical issues, bottlenecks, or schedule conflicts to management as needed.
* Monitor and ensure all work orders are properly closed with required notes.
* Maintain accurate records for key performance indicators and SLAs.
* Support continuous improvement by identifying recurring issues and workflow inefficiencies.
* Solicit and capture facilities service feedback and generate reports on a regular basis.
* Support continuous improvement of facilities service feedback.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* High school diploma or equivalent
* Experience using Jira for ticketing and workflow tracking.
* 2+ years of experience in dispatching, operations coordination, production control, or maintenance scheduling.
* Experience using Slack.
* Familiarity with Limble CMMS, or similar computerized maintenance management systems.
* Experience with maintenance, workplace, space planning, and asset improvement operations
* Strong organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities in a time-sensitive environment
* Clear verbal and written communication skills
* Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associate’s degree or higher preferred
* Experience in aerospace, manufacturing, or large campus fast paced environments
* Experience in a high volume call center or high-touch service desk

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
