---
title: Technical Program Manager, RMS
status: archived
id: '5085946007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5085946007?gh_jid=5085946007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-20T16:02:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) Division is seeking a Technical Program Manager to join our team. Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers.   
  
We are seeking a **Technical Program Manage**r to lead the end-to-end technical delivery of our development programs. In this role, you will own technical planning and cross-functional execution to ensure program success. Working closely with the General Manager, Chief Engineer, Functional Engineering teams (Electrical, Mechanical and Systems Engineering) you will drive the development and integration of Anduril products and technologies while managing cost, deliveries, execution risks and schedule to achieve delivery excellence.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Success in this position hinges on three key facets:

1. Systems and engineering mindset - the ability to understand and assess technical concept. Identifying system dependencies, interfaces, technical risks and the impact of key architectural decisions with the engineering team.
2. Execution focused - digging into the details, charting the path and owning the outcome. You will be expected to utilize your technical aptitude in conjunction with your program management, and leadership skills to deliver the best outcome for Anduril and the customer.
3. Collaborative partnership - managing customer relationships and shaping the future of the program with the government.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* In partnership with the General Manager, Program Managers, Chief Engineers and Engineering teams, you will own the development and deployment of Anduril’s TRS technologies to meet the operational needs of the Department of War.
* Drive the technical execution of development programs from concept through delivery. Ensure all engineering deliverables meet contractual requirements, milestones, and technical standards.
* Serve as a bridge between Program Managers and engineering functional teams.
* Develop strong, trusting relationships with Anduril’s DOW customers, ensuring we have tight feedback loops that enable us to shape solutions, rapidly iterate, and ultimately field solutions faster
* Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from internal engineering, customers, and third party corporate partners to own successful delivery of outcomes on multiple programs simultaneously
* Responsible for end-to-end execution of the program technical scope and associated deliverables
* Develop and implement lightweight processes, tools, and metrics for program planning, scope management, risk management, and customer communication to enable Anduril to move rapidly
* Own all pieces of work and become a trusted partner and advisor to Anduril’s engineers

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field (technical background preferred)
* Minimum of 5 years experience managing the development of complex technical systems throughout the product lifecycle
* Proven track record of successfully managing complex, multi-million-dollar projects and driving their on-time, on-budget completion
* Strong strategic thinking, analytical, and problem-solving abilities with the ability to move seamlessly between tactical and the 30,000 ft level
* Experience coordinating multiple internal and external teams within a complex engineering or technology-focused organization
* Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences
* Comfortable with 50% travel

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
