---
title: Senior Pricing Analyst
status: archived
id: '5085799007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5085799007?gh_jid=5085799007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T20:23:49-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Maritime and Maneuver Dominance Finance Team is seeking a Senior Pricing Analyst to join our team. This team is responsible for the end to end financials of the division; helping to drive positive business outcomes through pricing, investment strategy, & financial management.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Senior Pricing Analyst, you will be developing and analyzing cost proposals for various types of government and commercial solicitations and contracts. The right person for this role has a deep understanding of cost estimating, pricing strategy, financial analysis, and regulatory compliance. If you are someone who is team oriented, thinks strategically, and enjoys the fast paced environment of a growing company then this role is for you. In this role you will be supporting the Maritime and Maneuver Dominance business lines, working directly with company executives, and helping drive business line pricing strategy.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead proposal development efforts, owning kick-offs and proposal review meetings
* Prepare timely, high quality, detailed, and compliant cost proposals for government and commercial solicitations, including Requests for Proposals (RFPs), Requests for Quotes (RFQs), and Requests for Information (RFIs)
* Exercise significant autonomy in analyzing statistical and proposal data to develop independent pricing recommendations to support customer negotiations
* Determine new product introduction pricing strategy by collaborating with business development, product management, and finance teams
* Ensure cost proposal complies with solicitation instructions, government regulations, corporate policies, FAR, and requirements specific to CPFF, T&M, and FFP contracts
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand technical requirements and basis of estimates and translate them into a compliant cost proposal
* Organize cost proposals into the required format, and ensure all cost elements are accounted for, assumptions are documented, and necessary cross-referencing is included
* Coordinate with the contracts and program management teams on proposal documents and responses to government proposal requests while adhering to deadlines and submission requirements
* Ensure consistent and accurate pricing information between cost proposals
* Maintain accurate and complete records of all pricing templates, proposal files, supporting documentation, and historical data
* Support Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) audits as required
* Maintain and update proposal pricing templates for both internal and external use
* Update and maintain proposal tracking metrics
* Work with our growth team to track upcoming and awarded opportunities and ensure a proper handoff to program operations teams

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in business, accounting, mathematical or related business field
* At least 3 years of directly related experience in proposal/pricing/cost development for Government or commercial contracts.
* Familiarity with CPFF, FFP, and T&M contracts/subcontracts – specifically strong knowledge of how indirect rates work and burden costs
* Must be proficient in Word and PowerPoint and highly proficient in Microsoft Excel
* Salesforce experience is preferred
* Secret clearance preferred, but not required
* Experience with Pro Pricer preferred, but not required
* Knowledge and experience working with DCAA and DCMA
* Knowledge of US Government contracting including FAR/ DFARs experience
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
