---
title: Instrumentation Engineer, Omen
status: archived
id: '5086889007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5086889007?gh_jid=5086889007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T13:26:30-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking an Instrumentation Engineer to join the Omen team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on new aircraft development, including propulsion systems, avionics, batteries, mechanisms, structures sensors and payloads, in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Support the use of ‘Test’ as a design tool to accelerate component, system and subsystem maturation from discrete bench tests to production representative Vehicle, Mission and Support Systems
* Specify and build end-to-end physical and electrical data measurement and collection systems, from sensors and transducers to data acquisition devices, real-time off board data monitoring and telemetry, and post-processing tools across the entire range of integration environments
* Design, assemble, configure and commission test racks, breakout boxes/harnesses and other test equipment
* Instrument highly representative Hardware In the Lab (HIL) and Hardware In The Loop (HITL) physical integration environments, including high voltage, high power hybrid powertrain testbeds
* Support flight test and data collection requirements of crewed and uncrewed surrogate platforms (Group 3 UAS)
* Define, install, calibrate and support ground and flight test instrumentation and telemetry for prototype and production representative Omen Systems
* Act with a strong safety mindset (stop, think, do) to execute work safely in experimental environments with the aim of eliminating potential harm to team members
* Contribute to Test Readiness Reviews (TRR), ensuring that tests can be safety and efficiently conducted
* Champion configuration control of instrumentation across all fixed and flying integration environments

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND ATTRIBUTES**

* Bachelor degree or higher in Mechanical, Electrical, Mechatronics, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering or aviation related technical discipline
* 8+ years experience in integration, test, test instrumentation and telemetry
* Experience in designing, building, and operating robust instrumentation systems for realtime and post-test observation of loads, temperatures, pressures, software messages, accelerations, in ground and flight test environments. Experience with instrumenting and operating HIL/HITL/IRON BIRD environments an advantage
* Vehicle/System level flight test instrumentation experience with Group 3 or larger uncrewed and autonomous platforms
* Familiarity at instrumenting and working safely with high voltage/power systems
* Practiced in specifying, selecting, installing and calibrating a wide range of sensors including strain gauges, string potentiometers, Hall Effect sensors, thermocouples as well as operating non-contact measurement systems
* Extensive knowledge of electronics/communications/integration troubleshooting and ability to use identify and operate appropriate diagnostics instruments (oscilloscopes, signal generators, spectrum analyzers etc). Experienced in debug of common protocols such as CAN/Ethernet/Serial
* Competence with I/O signal converters, data acquisition and logging systems (NI DAQ, C-W Acra etc), telemetry radios (C-W MATS etc), and visualization/processing tools and software (such as NI LabVIEW, C-W IADS, Grafana, Nominal, Flexlogger, Canapy etc)
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented, excellent verbal & written communication skills (effective for broad audiences)
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance in United States, United Kingdom, or Australia

US Salary Range

$146,000—$208,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
