---
title: Senior Mechanical Engineer, Omen
status: archived
id: '5087603007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5087603007?gh_jid=5087603007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T19:26:05-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - ME'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is seeking a Senior Mechanical Engineer to join the Omen Team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on new aircraft development in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

You will work closely with the Omen program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments as part of a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. In this role you will be responsible for designing and supporting the integration of various subsystems across Omen, supporting testing efforts, and ensuring overall system performance meets the required specifications and standards. Join our dynamic team and help us build the next generation of autonomous flight systems.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Own and drive the mechanical design of a new air vehicle, overseeing the process from initial concept to low rate production.
* Lead technical efforts to define requirements, propose possible solutions, and establish a methodology for evaluating and verifying mechanical systems.
* Work in close partnership with other disciplines to ensure the electrical, software, and mechanical systems collectively form a reliable, flexible, cost-effective system.
* Spearhead design reviews, conduct analysis, visit vendors, prototype and implement hardware test plans.
* Actively contribute to the enhancement of team tools, templates, processes, and standards.
* Cultivate a vibrant, positive, dedicated, high-energy, educational, and enjoyable community environment.
* Balance operational needs across vehicle subsystems while optimizing for development speed, mass, manufacturability, and cost.
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed.
* Travel to test sites and vendors as needed.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in an immersive technical project (collegiate project teams or professional settings).
* A minimum of 8+ years in a technical engineering role in a professional setting.
* Strong technical knowledge in core engineering principles, fundamental mechanics of composite materials, design, analysis, testing, and fabrication.
* Deep understanding of load paths, design practices, and hand calculations to design robust structurally efficient assemblies
* Strong proficiency in CAD software (Any platform, but NX preferred) with specific emphasis on complex fixturing and tooling design.
* Hands-on experience supporting assembly fixturing and tooling full life cycle development through design, procurement, build, and implementation.
* Expertise with high-performance airframe manufacturing and assembly processes, including composite and metallic part machining, locating, fixturing, fastening, joining, fuel sealing, and integration from piece part to completed airframe.
* BS or MS in mechanical engineering, or equivalent work experience.
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication skills.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in NX/Teamcenter.
* Experience with clean sheet aircraft configuration.
* Broad experience in leading tooling and manufacturing of composite and metallic airframes and parts.
* Experience in systems integration during airframe assembly.
* Experience in metrology verification methods and equipment used for aircraft assembly fixturing and part fabrication.
* Demonstrated passion for aviation, aerospace, or unmanned systems through hands-on projects, certifications, or hobbies.
* Outstanding leadership and interpersonal skills.
* Familiarity with running structural development testing.
* Experience with Formula SAE, Baja SAE, Design Build Fly, etc.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
