---
title: Chemical Processing Technician
status: archived
id: '5088086007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088086007?gh_jid=5088086007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T12:52:08-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T15:47:28-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Full Rate Production'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

*The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.*

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

As an Energetics & Final Assembly Technician, you will support Anduril’s solid rocket motor business line by mixing and casting solid rocket propellants and performing motor final assemblies. This position requires that you be comfortable handling potentially hazardous chemicals, can maintain exceptional attention to detail, and, above all else, have the courage to call a “Stop Work” if the situation calls for it. You will also be expected to quickly adapt to new designs and be able to provide significant, meaningful inputs to Manufacturing Engineering on topics like process development, continuous improvement, and work instruction revisions.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Weigh, Dose, and Mix Solid Rocket Fuel Ingredients.
* Perform nozzle and igniter assembly operations.
* Install igniter and/or nozzle assemblies onto multiple different types of solid rocket motors.
* Data collection and data entry.
* Clean and reset multiple types of tooling.
* Perform other job-related duties as assigned.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience building solid rocket motors OR industry experience and/or work on a mechanical OR chemical engineering degree also contributes to our assessment of this requirement
* Experience handling dangerous and/or toxic chemicals. Preferably while wearing a respirator.
* Basic familiarity with AS9100 requirements and the importance of your personal warranty when performing an operation “buy-off.”
* Proficiency with reading and using equipment such as calipers, scales, and gages.
* Rigid adherence to safety precautions when handling chemicals and/or performing energetic operations.
* Strong mechanical aptitude and experience working with hand-tools and standard industrial adhesives.
* Proficient with computer applications.
* Ability to work at a fast pace, medium to heavy duty assembly, technical environment.
* Fit enough to deal with regular stair climbing, frequent bending, stooping, kneeling, twisting, turning, and standing for extended periods.
* Capable of lifting at least 40 pounds and withstand frequent repetitive movement of hands with a variety of tooling.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export-controlled information or facilities.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in chemistry, manufacturing, or similar fields
* Experience with the aerospace and defense industries
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Experience in chemistry, manufacturing, or similar fields

US Salary Range

$46,000—$61,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
