---
title: Sr. Program Quality Engineer
status: archived
id: '5088032007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088032007?gh_jid=5088032007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-31T09:10:57-04:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States; McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Quality'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril’s Rocket Motor Systems group is seeking a Program Quality Engineer to join our team in McHenry Mississippi. The Rocket Motor Systems team designs, develops, and manufactures next-generation solid rocket motors for defense and space applications at Anduril.  
  
As a Sr. Program Quality Engineer, you will work inside and outside the organization to define and execute processes that deliver reliable products. The right person for this role has expert knowledge of manufacturing, quality assurance, and quality planning, with drive for continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, work hands-on in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead the implementation and management of specific customer quality flow down requirements throughout the contract lifecycle, including supplier flow down.
* Lead the creation of Program Quality Plans to support administration of customer and internal quality requirements to Anduril program teams and supply base.
* Lead the development of Product Control Plans (PCP) and Inspection Plans (IP) to support program-specific requirements.
* Support supplier, customer, and internal audit activities.
* Support cross-functional team using structured problem-solving Root Cause Analysis (RCA) methodologies to identify Corrective and Preventative Actions (CAPA) and drive continuous improvement.
* Support program-specific nonconformance management and material review board (MRB) activities.
* Support, conduct, and/or monitor product and process assessments.
* Support the review and administration of customer deliverable data package content to ensure As-Built Configuration List (ABCL) and other contract deliverable requirements are met.
* Support Qualification Testing and First Article Inspection (FAI) activities.
* Support supply base capability and risk assessments and monitoring supplier performance.
* Support Engineering Change Control Board (CCB) activities.
* Interface with program management, customers, suppliers, cross-functional leadership, and, when applicable, government representatives and Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA).
* Provide Quality and technical support for development of production readiness information, including component verification, test article acceptance testing surveillance, control of nonconforming material life cycle, utilizing measures and metrics to identify trends and drive continuous improvement.
* Provide quality inputs to support internal and external program reviews.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering (Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial, or Manufacturing), Quality Management, or a related technical field.
* 3+ years of progressive experience in Quality Engineering, with a significant portion in a Program Quality or Supplier Quality role within the aerospace, defense, automotive, or other highly regulated hardware development and manufacturing industries.
* Demonstrated expertise in interpreting and implementing industry quality standards (e.g., AS9100, ISO9001) and customer-specific flow-down requirements.
* Strong proficiency in quality tools and methodologies including Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Corrective and Preventative Actions (CAPA), Nonconformance management, FAI (AS9102), GD&T, Control Plans, and Inspection Plans.
* Experience with Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) or equivalent qualification methodologies.
* Ability to read and interpret complex engineering drawings, specifications, and contractual documents.
* Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills, with the ability to influence and collaborate effectively across all levels of an organization and with external stakeholders.
* Proven ability to lead, drive initiatives autonomously, and make sound decisions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
* Must be able to obtain a Federal Explosives License through the BATFE.
* Must be able to obtain and maintain a U.S. Security Clearance.
* Ability to travel up to 25%.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in engineering or related technical discipline or 7+ years of quality engineering experience.
* Relevant certifications (e.g., ASQ Certified Quality Engineer (CQE), ASQ Certified Quality Auditor (CQA), Lean Six Sigma Green (LSSGB) or Black Belt (LSSBB), Project Management Professional (PMP), AS9100 Certified Lead Auditor).
* Direct experience interfacing with government representatives such as DCMA (Defense Contract Management Agency) Quality Assurance Representatives.
* Proficiency with ERP/MRP systems (e.g., Oracle) and PLM software.
* Experience as a Project Manager.
* Experience with statistical process control (SPC) and advanced statistical analysis.
* Experience creating quality plans, product control plans (PCP), and inspection plans (IP) from internal and external requirements.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
