---
title: Machinist
status: archived
id: '5088094007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088094007?gh_jid=5088094007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T15:34:46-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T12:20:40-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Fabrication'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are seeking an experienced Machinist to join our team in McHenry, MS.  As a Machinist, you will play a crucial role in the production of precision components and parts for the programmatic and commissioning efforts at Anduril Rocket Motor Systems. Your primary responsibilities will include setting up and operating conventional and CNC machining equipment, building fixtures, ensuring the quality of finished products, and contributing to the overall efficiency of our manufacturing processes.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Set-up and operate conventional machining equipment including, but not limited to engine lathes, knee mills, bandsaws, drill presses, surface grinders, and routers.
* Set-up, and operate CNC machining equipment using guidance from the lead machinist and programmer
* Read and interpret blueprints and technical drawings.
* Design, build, and install fixtures to securely hold workpieces.
* Monitor machine performance, make necessary adjustments, and perform routine maintenance.
* Inspect finished parts to ensure they meet quality standards.
* Assist other members of the fabrication team as necessary.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Minimum of 5 years of experience as a machinist.
* Proficiency in CNC and conventional machining operations, including but not limited to milling, turning, and routing.
* Ability to read and interpret technical drawings and blueprints.
* Experience with work holding fixture design and fabrication.
* Proficiency with precision measuring instruments (calipers, micrometers, etc.).
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail are a must.
* Strong communication and teamwork abilities.
* The ability to work independently on multiple tasks.
* Ability to switch focus on jobs as priorities shift.
* A commitment to safety, quality, and productivity.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience with programming and operating Prototrak machines.
* Prior experience with different welding processes (GMAW/MIG, GTAW/TIG, SMAW, & FCAW)
* Prior work in a R&D or prototype shop.

US Salary Range

$60,000—$78,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
