---
title: 'PLM Administrator '
status: archived
id: '5088290007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088290007?gh_jid=5088290007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-24T12:48:52-04:00'
location: UK
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Business Systems : Business Systems'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM:**

ArsenalOS is the digital backbone of Anduril’s hardware enterprise. It connects the full lifecycle, from concept to build to field feedback, into one operating environment built for speed, traceability, autonomy, and continuous improvement. That environment includes not just the software used to design, plan, and execute work, but also the factory-facing infrastructure that connects operators, machines, test systems, and OT networks into the same adaptive Build Chain. It is not a support function, but rather a strategic investment by Anduril that the operating system of the hardware lifecycle is how we win. It will be one of the mechanisms by which Anduril out-builds, out-adapts, and out-scales the traditional defense industrial base.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**

We are seeking a highly skilled PLM Administrators to join our team. You will be responsible for helping product and program teams maximize the value they get out of the engineering systems they use on a daily basic (PLM, CAD, CAE, etc.). You will work across a broad set of stakeholders to design, develop, and implement improvements and optimizations to our engineering systems while helping steer future investments.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Collaborate with engineering partners to understand their requirements and translate them into functional and technical solutions alongside other EngOS (engineering software support) team members
* Provide training and support to users during and post-implementation to ensure adoption of new technology
* Lead the development and implementation of new features, including defining project scope, requirements, timelines, and budgets
* Collaborate with developers to identify and address issues, bugs, and enhancement requests from both PLM and any integration to other systems (CAD, etc.)
* Provide support for the installation and post go-live of upgrades and new modules within PLM
* Work with vendors and third-party service providers to implement upgrades and new modules
* Collect infrastructure and configuration questions for PLM and any integration to other systems (CAD, etc.)
* Collaborate with a global PLM team to ensure system alignment across regions, optimize processes, and maintain data integrity for effective product lifecycle management.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 5+ years of experience in installing, developing, implementing, upgrading, and maintaining engineering software tools (PLM, CAD, CAE, SysML, etc.)
* Understanding of CAD/CAM/CAE systems and their integration with PLM solutions
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to root cause end user and infrastructure related issues.
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
* Knowledge of both Windows and Linux systems, along with software installations (AWS Cloud/Azure nice but not required)
* Must be a UK citizen and eligible to obtain a UKS clearance.

UK Salary Range

€66.000—€88.000 EUR

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
