---
title: 'Head of Production, Edge Compute & Comms '
status: archived
id: '5090417007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5090417007?gh_jid=5090417007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-26T01:03:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : ECC-Voyager Production'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Bringing American manufactured capabilities to our warfighters is at the heart of Anduril’s Mission. The Head of Production for Compute and Comms will be responsible for scaling the production of Edge Compute and Command products to meet and exceed the demand of the warfighter. The Head of Production owns short to mid-term (1-3 years) strategic development and execution, operational direction, career pathing, and vision for ECC's suite of products.  Your job will be to provide consistent, on time, flawless execution for a variety of Product and Programs.

What You'll Do:

* Own production outcomes such as ramp plan, NPI, Headcount, etc
* Create and execute a long-term strategy to rapidly scale production volumes
* Lead cross-functional production teams to execute plans for production that meet customer timelines
* Partner with engineering to transition new products to production quickly
* Mature products from low rate prototypes to full rate production by driving processes and systems as needed throughout the product development lifecycle.
* Work across planning, supply chain, engineering, and operations teams to deliver manufacturing excellence
* Shape corporate tools and processes to support ECC production needs
* Triage production resources and focus to manage shifting priorities
* Apply appropriate production controls in line with product maturity
* Work with production teams to enable the business to ship a diversity of products quickly to confirm product market fit
* Serve as a rallying point for production teams through strong leadership, advocacy, and on-site presence.
* Drive workforce development in line with long-term production scaling.
* Strong stewardship of production outcomes, inventory, and costs.

Required Qualifications:

* 10+ years experience overseeing the production of multiple electro-mechanical assemblies with 100's of parts
* Ownership and successful execution of NPI for multiple complex hardware products.
* Strong leadership of (directly or indirectly) large (100+ person) teams.
* Proven ability to direct and lead cross-departmental teams in a matrix environment.
* Successful examples of scaling of production operations by at least 5x.
* Mastery of production fundamentals across production disciplines.
* Strong track record of independent execution of executive-level production goals.
* Involvement with building complex supply chains in automotive, aviation, space, or similar industries.
* Past success operating in low TRL/MRL and low volume, high product mix environments.

US Salary Range

$291,000—$350,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
