---
title: Electro-Mechanical Sustainment Engineer, EW
status: archived
id: '5093357007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5093357007?gh_jid=5093357007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T14:10:22-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : EW Electro-Mechanical'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**

We are seeking an Electro Mechanical Sustainment Engineer to join our team in Costa Mesa, CA. The Electro Mechanical Sustainment Engineer will support the development and implementation of product and process improvements to increase performance, reliability, and manufacturability of mature hardware products. The Electro Mechanical Sustainment Engineer will generate mechanical designs and drawings for parts and assemblies, maintain BOMs (Bill of Materials), and support operations to implement product improvements, new features or corrective changes. Candidates in this role must have a strong grasp of mechanical design and manufacturing principles, backed by hands-on experience and practical knowledge. They should be technically inclined with strong problem solving skills, and able to comfortably understand core engineering design and manufacturing principles. The ideal candidate has experience in the design, build, and manufacture of ruggedized electronics assemblies for military applications.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Own the mechanical design of a product that is in production or transitioning into production.
* Work with the manufacturing and R&D engineering teams to implement incremental product improvements to increase reliability and manufacturability, improve documentation, or adjust designs to facilitate sourcing, manufacturing, and integrating components.
* Lead investigations into manufacturing/design issues and present proposed corrective changes.
* Manage the complete mechanical engineering bill of materials for a product. Make changes and improvements to the bill of materials as needed.
* Generate parts, assemblies, and drawings in NX in order to document changes to designs.
* Develop and design fixtures, tooling, test processes to support hardware manufacturing processes.
* Work with vendors to address piece part manufacturability decisions.
* Verify the performance of new and existing mechanical designs through analysis, testing, and pilot builds.
* Develop strong product knowledge in electro mechanical systems, and contribute across multiple different programs.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 3+ years experience in a manufacturing or hands-on R&D engineering role
* A degree in mechanical engineering
* Strong CAD Modeling and drafting skills (any program)
* Rapid prototyping experience
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Organized and detail-oriented
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong CAD modeling and drafting skills in NX and Siemens design packages
* Experience with the design and manufacture of mechanical packaging of circuit card assemblies
* Experience with the design and manufacture of thermal management systems and heatsinks for electronics
* Experience with the design and manufacture of power, digital, coax, fiber optic cable harnessing and connector types
* Experience with the design, test, and manufacture of ruggedized electronics packages for military applications

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
