---
title: Supply Chain Analyst
status: archived
id: '5094414007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5094414007?gh_jid=5094414007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T06:36:26-04:00'
location: Dublin, Dublin, Ireland
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : ECC-Voyager Production'
offices:
- Dublin, Ireland
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About The Team**

The Voyager team at Anduril Industries is an engineering and design division with a vast experience in developing innovative computing and communications solutions for the network edge. The team specializes in integrating enterprise networking capabilities from global IT leaders with purpose-built hardware and software platforms designed to meet market demands for the most stringent of environmental requirements.

We are seeking a Supply Chain Analyst to join our Supply Chain team in Dublin. This role is heavily focussed on the materials management of the supply chain. There will be a requirement for someone who is extremely diligent with a high level of attention to detail and business acumen in inventory management.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Using SAP Business One for stock dispositions
* Monitors and analyzes information to ensure adequate inventory of components and
* initiate transfers or additional supply as needed
* Working with ERP system and Microsoft Excel to sanitize and build up BOM (Bill of Materials) including revision control
* Processes MRPs through to completion of Production Orders
* Assist with Master Scheduling
* Assist with the RMA process
* Utilize relevant IT systems such as SAP Business One, Salesforce, Slack, and emails for internal communication and record keeping regarding production activities and responding to queries
* Other tasks in support of the Production Team
* Working closely with contract manufacturers and aligning orders
* Reviewing and verifying manufacturers genealogy databases into Anduril finished goods

**Key Skills**

* Excellent Communication Skills
* Ability to create and present reports to all levels of management
* High level attention to detail and accuracy

**Required Qualifications**

* Relevant Qualification in Supply Chain
* Experienced working in multiple Supply Chain functions including at least 3 of the following areas stock management, production, MRP and purchasing
* Experienced SAP user using module functions above
* Strong competence in Microsoft Excel
* High level of accuracy
* Minimum 3 years relevant experience
* Ability to work on your own initiative with good organizational, planning and time management skills
* Previous experience of SAP Production Environment

US Salary Range

€46.000—€61.000 EUR

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
