---
title: Test & Evaluation Engineer, Maritime
status: archived
id: '5095156007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5095156007?gh_jid=5095156007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T06:14:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-01T12:23:54-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
As a Test & Evaluation Engineer you will have responsibility for the planning, execution and reporting of testing maritime and submersible products. You will work alongside a team of engineers, test specialists, and external partners assisting in the wider management and coordination of test and evaluation within the UK and Europe.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Work within a dynamic team of multidisciplinary engineers, specialists and technicians developing new submersible products
* Prepare for trial deployments by identifying, sourcing and kitting test and support equipment
* Coordinate and support deployment logistics
* Support risk assessments for test and related operations, identifying and implementing mitigations
* Install systems in surrogate field test assets
* Support development, review and trials of Standard Operating Procedures and user documentation for operational aspects
* Conduct daily inspections and system checks before and after operations
* Execute day-to-day test operations, following approved test procedures
* Perform maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and upgrades in the field
* Coordinate launch and recovery evolutions
* Author detailed daily operations and test reports
* Provide constructive feedback to design and manufacturing teams
* Be in the field 50%+ of the time, supporting nearshore and offshore testing

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience of product development or certification within a regulated industry such as maritime, aerospace, or energy
* Proficiency in interpreting technical documentation (mechanical drawings, work instructions, equipment schematics, electrical diagrams, etc.)
* Experience performing functional checkouts and tests, and diagnosing issues discovered during these processes
* Familiarity with Defence and Civil Maritime Regulations in the context of sub-surface test operations
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills
* Aptitude for building internal and external relationships, and utilizing these connections in the pursuit of product excellence and mission success
* Ability to own a variety of tasks in an autonomous environment
* Able to work extended hours as required
* Valid driver's license
* Ability to obtain a UK Security Check (SC) clearance or higher

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
