---
title: Technical Operations Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: archived
id: '5095630007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5095630007?gh_jid=5095630007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-31T20:02:48-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AIS : AIS Engineering : Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**   
  
Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

As a member of Anduril’s Technical Operations team, you will be responsible for deploying and supporting Anduril’s products all over the world. You will go forward with products early on in their lifecycle and work with engineering teams to iteratively improve them over time. The challenges you will encounter are innumerable and unpredictable, but you will be expected to take ownership of delivering the technical solution.  
  
You must be both a teacher and a student, able to coach teammates on systems that you’ve gained intimate familiarity with and then transition into mastering the next system. You’ll also guide users through product employment and troubleshooting, advise account managers on how to structure an operation to ensure technical success, and communicate specific recommendations for product refinement to engineering teams.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Support military defense projects by executing technical operations, conducting field maintenance, providing customer field support and training
* Tackle complex issues related to hardware, software, and networking in unstructured situations, driving them to resolution
* Communicate field issue status to internal and customer teams, keeping them informed.
* Support the development and implementation of comprehensive operational and logistical plans for various events
* Ensure high availability and performance of defense systems
* Maintain support plans for hardware and software
* Assist in event planning and resource allocation, keeping key stakeholders informed about Technical Operations requirements
* Incident response root-cause analyses (RCAs) for defense systems in the field
* Conduct post-incident reviews and implement preventive measures
* Maintain up-to-date documentation

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Ability to travel to both domestic and OCONUS regions (up to 75% of the year). Travel typically lasts between 30-45+ days at a time.
* 3+ years of experience of strong problem solving in unstructured environments at the interface of hardware, software, and networking.
* A strong aptitude for debugging and diagnosing faults in complex systems
* Network+ and Linux+ or equivalent experience
* Strong mechanical aptitude to troubleshoot and repair critical site product components and infrastructure.
* Demonstrated understanding of flight operations, aircraft systems, and sensors
* Willingness to work with energetic material (warheads).
* Ability to climb towers to install, maintain, and repair sensor equipment and components including cameras, radars, and Pan Tilt Units (PTU).
* Strong mechanical aptitude to troubleshoot and repair critical site infrastructure including generators, solar power systems, and hydraulic systems.
* Experience performing preventative maintenance on tower structure components including guy wires, anchors, lightning protection systems and other structural elements to ensure structural integrity and safety.
* Ability to meet health and medical requirements in advance of deployments in accordance with DFARS 252.225-7040, DoDI 3020.41, and/or any additional requirements outlined by region or supporting force, as applicable.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret/Secret clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* B.S. in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, computer science, or related technical field
* Ability to thrive and solve problems in an unstructured environment
* Prior tower climbing experience with relevant certifications (Tower Climbing, OSHA 10/30).
* Experience with Fiber and RF systems (PtP, PtMP, mesh), understanding basic antenna concepts & spectrum analysis.
* Terminating power cables with NEMA connectors or RJ45 connectors.
* Ability to lift 50-70 lbs.
* Experience operating specialized equipment including aerial lifts and forklifts.
* Valid Commercial Driver's License (CDL).
* Ability to develop complex operational and logistics plans to move people and things quickly, over long distances, in unfamiliar locations.
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$169,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
