---
title: Supplier Quality Engineer
status: archived
id: '5095099007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5095099007?gh_jid=5095099007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-15T15:25:46-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production : Production Operations'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Supplier Quality Engineer to join our new team in Quonset, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliablesub-sea components, including connectors, wet cables, mechanical parts, and batteries, for Anduril missions. This role focuses on collaborating and driving early engagement with our design teams and suppliers to meet our quality requirements the first time and to evaluate technologies to assist in the design for manufacturing assessment, supplier technology assessment/development, as well as supplier quality management. Everything comes down to clarity and action with our suppliers and partnering with them for world class results is essential across the supply chain. The right person for this role has knowledge of battery, sub-sea electronics, and wet cable manufacturing, supply management, supplier development, sub-system performance criteria and metrology, and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes with suppliers, work hands-on with engineering, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Partner with our design teams to support the design development process, provide design for manufacturability feedback, and help generate product data (drawings details, BOM information, layouts, test requirements, and part requirements) for battery cells, battery systems and power electronics that lead to supplier quality success. for electrical and mechanical sub-assembly systems
* Leverage your knowledge and expertise of electronics materials, processes, design for manufacturability (DFM), and inspection/measurement techniques to support the internal Anduril design process and ideation. Offer guidance in managing technical risks and oversee the progression from proof of concept and prototyping stages through to scaling up designs for high-volume production within the design development framework
* Drive the supplier quality development processes throughout the product development stages with appropriate engineering and production teams through design reviews, supplier process development, testing, and qualification for components and sub-assemblies for sub-sea components. Review supplier processes and capabilities to ensure alignment to electrical performance & sub-assembly requirements can be achieved, including driving supplier QC processes (i.e. cell compliance before assembly, welded cell block validation, and complete module/pack end-of-line outgoing quality processes match incoming quality checks)
* Partner with development engineering, product quality engineering, Product sourcing engineering, Global Strategic Sourcing and program management to deliver predictable supply to the development programs, production programs, and manage exceptions/containments/deviations for supplier technical performance, particularly in the development phases
* Drive supplier quality readiness by analyzing key and critical characteristics for drawings and supplier specification, develop measurement systems, and supplier qualification activities (PPAP, FAIR, Audit, inspection development, etc.)
* Partner with Global Strategic Sourcing and Product Sourcing Engineering to drive overall supplier performance for cost, quality, delivery and fulfillment of strategic goals for the programs that you will be supporting
* Own the elimination of supplier risk to improve quality & reliability across the product lifecycle. Utilize audits, readiness reviews, and training & documentation to ensure compliance
* Support Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities, while owning containments derived from purchased goods
* Review supplier effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team. Drive supplier corrective action and response (SCAR) process
* Audit the Quality Management System at our suppliers, as it pertains to supplier quality and performance. Define and improve required documentation and activities as needed to ensure Anduril’s compliance to flow-down requirements from customers
* Prepare, support, and lead supplier onsite audits and reviews for contract deliverables for quality management and compliance

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* 2+ years of Supplier Quality Engineering, Quality Engineering, or Manufacturing Engineering experience in sub-sea electronics, wet cable manufacturing, and battery manufacturing environments with strong problem solving skills
* Experience in Electronic Top Level Assembly (TLA) and PCBA manufacturing processes, test methods & concepts, High voltage systems & Power electronics is a plus
* Experience in scaling supplier capabilities and quality from prototype and proof of concept parts to low rate production to high rate production
* Experience flowing down Source Control requirements to Suppliers
* Experience performing First Article Inspection to AS9102 Industry Standard and ensuring suppliers have control plans and inspection processes that are capable of meeting product requirements. Experience with IPC-A-610/620, IPC-J-STD-001, and MIL-STD-810
* Experience with driving supplier performance and evaluation. Experience with Statement of Work (SOW), quality clauses, intellectual property (IP), and government regulations such as ITAR, etc
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), quality improvement techniques, and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be able to travel up to 25% of the time to suppliers, sourcing partners, and manufacturing locations
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* General understanding of engineering concepts, principles, and theory with technical experience demonstrating the application of those concepts while ensuring safety and regulatory compliance such as grounding and fault protection
* Understanding of low voltage and high voltage power electronics and control systems in order to capture system interconnect diagrams and drive cable harnessing designs with proper wire and connector selection
* Understand of Welding Specifications (AWS D1.2 etc.)
* Familiarity with common electrical bus interfaces (CAN, I2C, SPI, Ethernet, RS232/422, RS485, USB)
* Understanding of MIL-STD requirements such as MIL-STD-1275, MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-810, MIL-DTL-38999
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, thermal chambers, current-probes, and automation of tests
* Process Failure Modes Effects and Analysis (PFMEA) experience and developing source inspection plans and qualifying the inspection process capabilities

US Salary Range

$74,000—$99,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
