---
title: Division Operations Analyst, TRS
status: archived
id: '5099986007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5099986007?gh_jid=5099986007
lastmod: '2026-06-10T14:44:55-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T14:06:33-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Tactical Recon & Strike Engineering : Div Ops'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### About the Team

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.  
  
The Operations team is a small but mighty group of business generalists who ‘solve for scale’ the specific business problems that hamper efficiency or productivity. Our goal is to build businesses that last. One project may have you solving staffing inefficiencies across engineering teams, while another project may have you working across manufacturing, supply chain, and quality teams to help address capacity or production challenges.  
  
If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact and working on systems that directly contribute to achieving national strategic priorities, we want you to join TRS and help us build the future of defense capability.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own operational projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation. You will be handed ambiguous, messy problems with little prescription on how to solve them. If this does not *excite* you, this is not the role for you.
* Build out and run the headcount planning machine for TRS, enabling division leadership and recruiting to steer allocation of its most valuable resources as the organization scales from 100s to 1000s
* Proactively identify issues across workstreams and lead projects to directly and quickly strengthen the division’s financial or operational performance
* Regularly monitor and analyze recruiting, staffing, and financial progress against plans and provide recommendations to Division leadership for resource reallocation
* Run our division reporting battle rhythm by monitoring performance against goals across divisions verticals (growth, finance, engineering, production, people)
* Support internal TRS operations like recurring leadership business reviews, all-hands, and other division-wide events so that we maintain a culture of “punching above our weight class”
* Coordinate and prepare for executive leadership meetings, including setting agendas, tracking action items, and ensuring follow-through
* Execute on special projects across staffing, finance, real estate, and other business infrastructure as they arise
* Work across functions and learn TRS and Anduril top-to-bottom. You will interact with Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Engineering, HR, Recruiting, Growth, and more. DivOps is one of the most cross-functional teams at Anduril.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You have 5+ years of experience in consulting, operations, finance, or general business analysis.
* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time translating operational problems into data problems, and to then going and executing on them
* You’re discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* You’re tactical and don’t only sit at a 30,000 foot level
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$130,000—$173,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
