---
title: 'Manager, Shipping & Receiving '
status: archived
id: '5101317007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5101317007?gh_jid=5101317007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T12:37:27-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T10:39:28-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Launched Effects Production : LE Manufacturing - Avionics'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### 

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### 

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Manager over Shipping & Receiving, you will create a strategic plan to optimize warehouse operations, create a standard set of metrics to monitor team performance, set goals for improving performance, and identify areas to reduce cost while maintaining quality. The right person for this role has extensive supply chain knowledge, has developed SOPs and implemented them, has implemented or improved ERP/WMS, and has a track record of managing expensive inventory. If you are someone who can operate autonomously to keep a warehouse team motivated and enjoys process improvement this may be the role for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Develop and implement material management strategies, policies, and procedures to comply with regulations.

+ Hiring & training talent who can manage material flow per Anduril guidelines.
+ Develop processes that increase the efficiency (speed & elimination of waste) and effectiveness of Anduril materials management.
+ Implement necessary systems that match Anduril Federal policies on management of government property & inventory management.

* Implement End-to-End material management measures, including FIFO adherence, material variances, cycle time optimization, scrap/obsolescence management, cycle/physical counting, and audits, etc., to ensure inventory accuracy and to mitigate stockouts or overstocking. This includes the development & improvement of critical metrics.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including procurement, production, manufacturing engineering, logistics, and quality, to aid in accurate demand forecasting, procurement planning, and timely delivery of materials.
* Collaborate with production planning and manufacturing teams to align material availability with production schedules, minimize disruptions, and meet customer demand on time.
* Analyze material usage trends, identify opportunities for process improvements, and implement lean practices to optimize material handling, storage, and distribution.
* Utilize ERP & WMS software systems and tools to track inventory, generate reports, and provide data-driven insights to support decision-making and optimize material-related processes.
* Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, safety standards, and quality control protocols in all material management activities.
* Lead and develop a high-performing warehouse team, providing guidance, training, and performance feedback to foster a culture of excellence and continuous improvement.

#### QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in supply chain management, logistics, business administration, or equivalent work experience
* 5+ years of experience in material management, inventory control, or supply chain management roles in an aerospace and/or defense manufacturing environment
* 2+ years of experience managing a lead of supervisors, associates or technicians
* Ability to be onsite, local to Atlanta, GA

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, manufacturing or related operations field
* Strong understanding of production rate, critical path analysis, and key warehouse fundamentals
* Strong understanding for receiving and deployment documentation for domestic and international shipments
* Strong knowledge of AS9100 standards and OSHA laws
* Experience being hands-on and boots on the ground in the warehouse with proven skills in both process and equipment troubleshooting, and ability to adapt to constantly changing warehouse environments
* Ability to identify safety issues with warehouse vehicles to ensure safe operations
* Knowledge of 5S, lean manufacturing or 6-Sigma principles
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications) and ability to present data
* Reliable, organized and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Forklift certification

US Salary Range

$74,000—$99,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
