---
title: AI Sorcerer
status: archived
id: '5101597007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5101597007?gh_jid=5101597007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T16:28:31-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Autonomy Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is developing and deploying an integrated system to make UxVs **highly effective through the entire mission lifecycle.** From fleet management, to mission planning, live execution, and integrations into other DOD systems, Lattice is enabling the military to fight at scale with robots across all domains. Anduril is leveraging AI across all aspects of this lifecycle to reduce the barrier to entry for new operators, and increase the scale at which operators can leverage Lattice.   
  
Your Job is to design, implement, and evolve the means by which Agents interact with classical software systems. You will contribute to test and eval infrastructure, deployment software, agent tool calling, prompt engineering, and other agent techniques in order to achieve best-in-class performance with frontier and edge deployed models. You will increase the performance and quality of agentic interaction patterns, and you will expand the surface area by which Agents can interact with the overall Lattice system. - good to ship

#### Required Qualifications

* Demonstrated deep knowledge of the implementation and use of LLM’s
* Experience integrating agents into classical systems
* Strong programming skills in Python or other core languages (Java, Go etc)
* PhD or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Robotics, Machine Learning, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience with simulation or real-world validation for autonomous vehicles is highly desirable
* Novel application track record and experience including first author publications, participation in peer reviewed conferences, contribution to open source projects, and demonstrated contribution to the ML and AI community.
* Experience in multi-modal sensor data processing (e.g., cameras, LiDAR, radar).
* Familiarity with ML Ops best practices, including model versioning and reproducible research pipelines.
* Familiarity with C/C++ is a plus.
* General software engineering experience solving motion planning or related robotics problems.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
