---
title: Senior Systems Engineer, Maritime Theater Orchestration & Collaboration
status: archived
id: '5103897007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5103897007?gh_jid=5103897007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T14:59:44-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T13:10:14-04:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are seeking an experienced Systems Engineer to own the “Left Side of the V” for a true System of Systems (SoS) architecture. You are not a compliance checker or a downstream tester. You are the ambiguity killer. Your mission is not purely to design new platforms from a blank sheet of paper, but to force disparate, pre-existing or in-development assets to work together to operate at exactly the collision point between the customers high-level operational desires (e.g., “We need a swarm of autonomous submarines working with ground sensors to patrol the harbor for a month.“) and the rigorous mathematical reality of software and hardware engineering KPPs. You will write the System of Systems blueprint to make all of those systems work together. As the architect of these system of systems, you will translate CONOPS into precise, verifiable Systems Requirements Documents (SRDs) and lead Systems Requirements Reviews (SRRs). You will act as our trade space economist to manage complex SWaP-C budgets to ensure all physical and digital systems are aligned and can work together to achieve the customer’s intent. If you thrive on untangling complex multi-domain ecosystems and defining the boundaries of massive integration challenges, this is your arena.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Partner directly with customer stakeholders and internal product teams to translate high-level operational desires into rigorous Concepts of Operations for multi-domain, System of Systems missions.
* Lead the architectural design to integrate pre-existing, heterogenous hardware (legacy platforms, 3rd-party sensors, and Anduril products) into a cohesive, software-defined orchestration layer.
* Author, own, and ruthlessly enforce Inteface Control Documents (ICDs). You will help define the exact physical, electrical, and data boundaries required for external “black box” hardware to plug into our network.
* Reverse-engineer operational constraints to author Systems Requirements Documents (SRDs) for both new platforms and existing assets. You will translate the “what” into the rigorous “how.”
* Build and maintain the source-of-truth functional architecture. Map the data flows between disparate sensors, comms relays, and the autonomous robots as the software engineering is progressing.
* Conduct complex, multi-system trade studies and analyses of alternatives to balance SWaP-C budgets against the required system capabilities.
* Own and drive the engineering teams through critical upstream milestones, strictly owning the criteria and execution for System Requirements Reviews (SRRs), System Functional Reviews (SFRs) and Preliminary Design Reviews (PDRs).
* Ability to travel as required for program support, proposal support, and stakeholder meetings.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 8+ years of rigorous Systems Engineering experience, with heavy emphasis on Phase A/Phase B conceptual design, system architecture, and upstream requirements decomposition.
* A proven track record of architecting solutions that integrate disparate, legacy, and third-party hardware/software into a single unified system. You must know how to wrap a black box.
* Extensive experience authoring, negotiating, and enforcing complex Interface Control Documents (ICDs) across physical, electrical, and data boundaries
* Strong analytical ability to conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA) and manage SWaP-C across a system of systems to achieve customer intent.
* Ability to travel 20% with potential surges above 20%
* Must be authorized to work in the United States

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience operating, testing, documenting, and analyzing complex system performance in a maritime environment
* Deep familiarity with the Modular Open Systems Approach (MOSA) and specific defense open architecture standards.
* Experience integrating subsea acoustic sensors, underwater navigation, and communication systems
* Experience with subsea operational procedures and equipment
* Proficiency in data analysis tools: Python, MATLAB, R, SQL, JAMA, DOORs, or other requirements management software

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
