---
title: Staff Modeling and Simulation Engineer, Discovery
status: archived
id: '5107035007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5107035007?gh_jid=5107035007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T18:44:12-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Staff Modeling and Simulation Engineer, you will own the understanding and design of the mission solution which includes designing mission trajectories, building models to help craft mission solutions, and developing simulations to solve key mission needs. You will carefully listen to stakeholder needs and then design rigorous math and physics analyses leading to clear and compelling value propositions. You will work closely with related teams, including Systems Engineering, GNC, Software, Mission Operations, Hardware Engineering and others. You will lead physics-level modeling, mission design, constellation design, simulation and analysis for a wide variety of defense missions.

This role is directly tied to ongoing, funded programs within Anduril’s Discovery Business Line. The programs require building and fielding a resilient, software-defined spacecraft systems across numerous mission threads. We work with mission partners and customers to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop model-driven analysis (and often the models themselves)
* Develop a deep understanding of transformational value of Anduril platform, autonomy, simulation, and perception products
* Use our advanced internal M&S capabilities to give our analyses an asymmetric advantage over competitors
* Convey the value through life of AI-powered distributed systems over traditional industrial offerings
* Provide rigorous analytical products which will be used to guide hardware engineering and convince stakeholders of our value advantage

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Strong domain experience in fields like missile defense, Space, radar, sensor fusion, etc.
* Proven track record of independently owning and executing program deliverables with little to no management
* Outstanding communication skills to include visual presentation of complex data
* Proficiency with physics-math scripting (e.g., MATLAB, SIMULINK, Python+numpy, scipy)
* Strong engineering background, preferably in Astrodynamics, Aerospace Engineering, Dynamics and Controls Engineering, or other related engineering field

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years in a relevant Science/Engineering field
* Space Mission MS&A experience - for example, working knowledge of constellation design, space trajectory design, and physics-level modeling across a wide variety of space missions
* Spacecraft & Payload MS&A experience— ability to perform physics-based trade-space analyses for spacecraft propulsion, power, thermal management, and payloads such as RADAR, SATCOM, and/or EOIR
* Rendezvous Proximity Operations (RPO) Trajectory Design & Space Payloads experience
* Strong background in orbital mechanics and space environment
* Exceptional proficiency with physics-math scripting of your choice (e.g., MATLAB, SIMULINK, Python+numpy, scipy)
* Proficiency with STK and Astrogator
* Proficiency with AFSIM
* Experience with genetic algorithms, machine learning, AI, and reinforcement learning algorithms

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
