---
title: Accounts Payable Officer
status: archived
id: '5107162007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5107162007?gh_jid=5107162007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T23:26:21-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Accounting : Accounting'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Are you a highly motivated and experienced accounts payable professional ready to make a significant impact within a rapidly growing defense technology company? We're building a world-class finance team in Australia and are seeking an individual with a strong foundation in Accounts Payable. This role is primarily focused on ensuring the accurate, timely, and efficient processing of all account’s payable transactions for our Australia operations, maintaining strong vendor relationships, and optimizing our transactional processes.

The ideal candidate will be able to support the hyper growth of our business and will therefore need to be comfortable and experienced, moving at an incredibly fast pace. Come join us as we disrupt an entire industry and help take your career to the next level with a team that is charging towards changing the world of defense.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Ensure accurate and timely processing of all vendor invoices, ensuring proper coding, authorization, and compliance with company policies.
* Ensure timely and accurate payment disbursements to vendors, adhering to payment schedules and internal controls.
* Oversee the reconciliation of vendor statements and the resolution of discrepancies.
* Maintain strong relationships with external vendors, ensuring timely resolution of inquiries and disputes.
* Support the implementation, optimization, and ongoing management of AP-related technologies, including Oracle Fusion (ERP) systems and automation tools (e.g., OCR and IDP).
* Analyze AP aging, vendor spend, and key performance indicators to provide actionable insights to management.
* Partner with global AP, supply chain, and procurement teams to deliver a best-in-class AP function and vendor experience.

**REQUIRES QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 2+ years of progressive experience in an accounts payable or transactional accounting role, ideally within a fast-paced corporate environment
* Experience operating within a global organizational structure.
* Advanced Excel skills and demonstrated proficiency with large-scale ERP systems (Oracle Fusion preferred).
* Exceptional stakeholder management and interpersonal communication skills.
* Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities with a strong commitment to continuous improvement.
* A proactive approach to process optimization, identifying opportunities to enhance efficiency and streamline workflows within accounts payable and broader accounting functions.
* Demonstrated ability to effectively manage and prioritize multiple competing demands in a high-growth, dynamic setting.
* Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
