---
title: Counterintelligence Embedded Program Lead
status: archived
id: '5107085007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5107085007?gh_jid=5107085007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T19:07:39-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Counterintelligence'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Counterintelligence (CI) and Security Investigations Team’s safeguards Anduril’s workforce and supply chain by proactively identifying risk, mitigating threats and delivering actionable investigative insights*.*The team helps ensure our security environment remains vigilant and resilient so that our strategic interests are preserved. We are committed to anticipating and mitigating risks and threats enabling Anduril to innovate and operate confidently in a dynamic global environment.

### ABOUT THE POSITION

Anduril is seeking a professional to support the CI and Security Investigations team who is interested in a unique opportunity to help strategize, socialize and implement initiatives which require significant critical thinking, creativity, complex problem solving and interpersonal skills. The Embedded CI Program Lead is responsible for executing a variety of CI and Security Investigation team functions in support of a specific Anduril division. The role will provide direct support to one of Anduril divisions to enable the identification of potential nation state threats and risks associated with the Division’s assets, personnel, technologies and supply chain to enable rapid mitigation and informed decision making. The Embedded CI Program Lead will be responsible for collaborating with key stakeholders and USG partners on behalf of the Division. The Embedded CI Program Lead must be a self-starter that can operate independently and be responsive to fast paced and dynamic operational and threat environments. This role will need to stay aligned with the CI & Security Investigations team while working onsite responding to the Division’s requirements. The Embedded CI Program Lead must possess an understanding of CI, Insider Threat, people and entity risk vetting, CI support to the Supply Chain, the fundamentals of analysis, investigation, risk management and a demonstrated ability to analyze and communicate complex risks and threats and identify appropriate mitigation.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Provide embedded CI program support to an Anduril division.
* Support the development and execution of a variety of key CI & Security Investigation team initiatives tailored to the program’s unique threats and requirements.
* Coordinate with federal agencies, including the Department of Defense (DoD), Intelligence Community (IC), and Federal Law Enforcement, to access relevant threat information and stay current on evolving adversary tactics. techniques and procedures.
* Establish and leverage collaborative partnerships across internal stakeholders to identify data necessary to support robust research and analysis of threats from nation state adversaries to the program’s workforce and supply chain.
* Analyze data from various sources to identify threats, anomalous behaviors and other indicators.
* Produce tailored and strategic products to support the Division.
* Provide analytic support to suspected CI, Insider Threat and security incidents or issues involving supply chain security.
* Prepare detailed reports and presentations on threat findings, case studies, risk assessments, and recommended actions for multiple audiences.
* Provide relevant CI training and awareness.
* Inform and support program OPSEC plans.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Security or Intelligence Studies, Political Science, Criminal Justice or a related field.
* 7 years of relevant work experience in CI investigations or analysis, Insider threat, people/entity risk vetting, intelligence analysis, assessing complex threats from nation state actors and insider threats.
* Experience leveraging critical thinking skills to creatively solve complex problems and produce analysis and recommendations in a fast paced environment.
* Experience leveraging multiple data sets and tools to support complex research and analysis as well as developing risk assessments and risk mitigation recommendations.
* Experience providing CI support to classified programs.
* Demonstrated understanding of the intelligence threats facing the industry.
* Strong critical thinking, collaboration and interpersonal skills.
* Proven ability to effectively analyze and communicate complex risks.
* Must possess an active security clearance (Top Secret/SCI is required).

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity with relevant laws, regulations, and standards governing defense industry security.
* Experience conducting analysis of nation state related threats for government and private industry.
* Formal analytic training and/or certifications

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
