---
title: Flight Test Operator
status: archived
id: '5111843007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5111843007?gh_jid=5111843007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T11:18:43-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on building the next generation of autonomous capabilities by leveraging existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius, bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril's Lattice ecosystem, and developing breakthrough systems that will shape the future of the battlefield. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
As a Flight Test Operator you will be at the forefront of operating Anduril advanced fleet of Uncrewed Air Systems (UAS). This critical role demands not only exceptional piloting skills but also a deep technical understanding and a meticulous approach to regulatory compliance. You will be responsible for planning, executing, and certifying complex UAS missions, primarily within the Specific Category, and will be instrumental in pushing the boundaries of Beyond Visual Line of Sight (BVLOS) operations.  
  
Operating in an extremely innovative and fast-paced environment, your expertise in flight operations, technical systems, and risk management will directly impact the development and deployment of cutting-edge defense technology.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Plan, prepare, and execute UAS missions, including those within challenging VLOS and BVLOS scenarios, ensuring full compliance with mission objectives and regulatory requirements.
* Act as Safety Pilot, conducting manual flight operations with fixed wing and FW VTOL UAS in challenging and complex multi-UAS operations.
* Conduct pre-flight, in-flight, and post-flight checks and diagnostics on UAS platforms and associated ground control systems.
* Operate and troubleshoot various UAS systems, demonstrating advanced proficiency with Pixhawk and Cube Orange Flight Controllers, including configuration, firmware and parameter management, and mission planning using relevant ground control station software.
* Develop and implement mission-specific risk assessments, meticulously applying Department of Defense Standard Practice System Safety (MIL-STD-882E) principles to ensure the safe and compliant execution of operations.
* Maintain accurate and comprehensive flight logs, technical records, incident reports, and other required documentation in accordance with regulatory and company procedures.
* Collaborate closely with engineering, flight test, and project teams to provide feedback on UAS performance, identify areas for improvement, and integrate new technologies and operational procedures.
* Ensure strict adherence to all FAA regulations for UAS operations, particularly within the FAA Part 107 framework.
* Provide technical support and potentially undertake basic field maintenance or fault rectification on UAS platforms, ensuring operational readiness.
* Actively contribute to the development of safe systems of work for UAS operations, promoting a robust safety culture and identifying opportunities for continuous improvement.
* Mentor and potentially train less experienced operators, fostering a high standard of operational excellence and safety awareness.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Hold a valid Part 61 and Part 107 pilot license.
* Significant experience of manual UAS or RC aircraft operations on FW and FW VTOL airframes.
* Demonstrable and significant experience in planning and executing UAS operations.
* Thorough understanding and practical application of FAA Part 107 operations, including the development of Operational Safety Cases and the process for obtaining operational authorizations.
* Expert-level technical proficiency with Pixhawk and Cube Orange Flight Controllers, including hands-on experience in their integration, setup, configuration, advanced troubleshooting, and operation.
* An understanding of aviation paperwork and a meticulous approach to documentation and record-keeping.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to make critical decisions under pressure.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills, capable of working effectively within multidisciplinary teams.
* Willingness to work flexible hours, including weekends, and travel extensively to support field operations (potentially greater than 50% of the time).
* Valid driver's license.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Instrument and Commercial Rating.
* 5+ years of developmental test experience.
* 5+ years RC flying experience.
* Experience with Fixed Wing VTOL UAS Operations and with multiple-air vehicle operations.
* 5 years’ experience as Manual Safety Pilot for FW/MR UAS.
* Strong understanding of rotary and fixed wing UAS aerodynamics, flight dynamics, and system architectures.
* Experience with other UAS flight controllers, ground control stations, or payloads (e.g., LiDAR, advanced EO/IR sensors).
* Background in aviation maintenance, electronics, or robotics.
* Experience operating UAS in challenging environments (e.g., maritime, mountainous, urban).
* Technical qualification (e.g., HNC/HND, apprenticeship) in electronics, avionics, mechanical engineering, or a related field.

US Hourly Range

$41—$54 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
