---
title: Senior Legal Counsel, Supply Chain
status: archived
id: '5112960007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5112960007?gh_jid=5112960007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T11:09:35-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Legal : Legal'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Legal team is seeking a highly experienced and strategically-minded **Senior Legal Counsel, Supply Chain** to join our rapidly growing team. This is a pivotal role that goes beyond traditional procurement, focusing on forging strategic, long-term supply chain partnerships that are critical to Anduril’s innovative mission. You will be a key legal partner to our Corporate Development team, collaborating on novel and inventive ways to secure and ensure the robust supply of critical goods and components. Your efforts will be paramount in guaranteeing uncompromising quality, timely delivery, and proactive supply chain resilience and redundancy for our cutting-edge defense technologies.  
  
Anduril is a fast-growing company operating at an extraordinary pace. Consistent with this velocity, members of Anduril’s Legal team must be exceptionally resourceful, creative, and eager to take ownership of complex matters, demonstrating a relentless drive to move a high volume of projects forward at an aggressive pace. You will require outstanding negotiating, drafting, and project management skills to coordinate and efficiently close complex transactions on demanding timelines. This role demands a tech-savvy approach, leveraging legal tech and IT solutions to optimize workflows and drive maximum efficiency. You will play a crucial role in enabling Anduril to develop, procure, manufacture, and deliver its path-making products at unparalleled scale.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Serve as a key member of Anduril’s dynamic Legal team, providing specialized legal expertise in strategic supply chain.
* Partner closely with the Corporate Development and Supply Chain teams to structure, draft, review, and negotiate complex, long-term strategic supply agreements, joint development agreements, and critical vendor partnerships.
* Develop innovative legal frameworks and contractual approaches to secure supply, mitigate risks, and build resilience into Anduril’s critical supply chains, with an emphasis on quality, timely delivery, and robust contingency planning/redundancy.
* Advise on legal risks and business terms of various strategic supply chain arrangements, including indirect sourcing, logistics agreements, and supplier relationship management.
* Proactively identify legal risks associated with global supply chain disruptions, geopolitical factors, and emerging technologies, providing pragmatic and actionable mitigation strategies.
* Establish frameworks, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), templates, and process improvements to streamline legal review and accelerate transaction velocity, actively seeking out and implementing technological and IT solutions.
* Ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to global supply chain management, including commercial terms, intellectual property, data privacy, and relevant regulatory requirements.
* Engage with our compliance function to ensure adherence to customs, export controls, sanctions, and trade laws.
* Support the swift and effective resolution of disputes or litigations related to supply chain issues.
* Collaborate with internal stakeholders across engineering, operations, finance, and product teams to develop and implement proactive supply chain strategies and policies.
* Partner with and coach Supply Chain personnel on complex contract negotiations and risk management.
* Keep abreast of legislative changes, market dynamics, and technological advancements that may affect Anduril’s strategic supply chain and broader business.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Juris Doctor (JD) degree from a top-tier accredited law school.
* A minimum of 10 years of experience as a lawyer with a strong focus on strategic supply chain, complex commercial transactions, and long-term partnership agreements.
* Active membership in good standing with the bar in at least one U.S. state, with the ability to become authorized to practice in California (e.g., through California Bar membership or California Registered In-House Counsel status).
* Demonstrated expertise in structuring and negotiating sophisticated, multi-year supply agreements and strategic partnerships, often involving novel approaches to procurement.
* Proven ability to thrive in a high-volume, rapidly evolving environment, expertly juggling a substantial portfolio of diverse projects and driving them to completion with urgency and precision.
* Demonstrated capacity to go above and beyond, anticipating needs, proactively identifying solutions, and taking initiative to overcome obstacles to ensure project momentum and strategic outcomes.
* Exceptional negotiation, drafting, and verbal communication skills with meticulous attention to detail.
* High level of proficiency with legal research platforms, contract lifecycle management systems, and other collaboration/project management software. Adept at leveraging IT solutions for legal workflow optimization and efficiency, and quickly adapting to new technologies.
* Ability to provide clear, pragmatic, and business-focused risk analyses and recommendations to executive leadership in a fast-paced environment.
* Willing and able to work in Anduril’s Costa Mesa, California office full-time. Our team thrives on in-person collaboration so remote/hybrid is not available.
* Ability to travel as required to meet with strategic partners and suppliers.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience partnering with Corporate Development or M&A teams on supply chain integration or strategic sourcing initiatives.
* In-house legal experience, particularly within a high-growth technology, manufacturing, or defense company.
* Experience working at a start-up or ability to establish processes and SOPs from scratch in a rapidly scaling environment.
* A strong understanding of, or ability to quickly grasp, the legal implications of U.S. government contracting requirements (e.g., FAR/DFARs) as they pertain to the supply chain for defense articles.
* Experience with Defense companies, Robotics, Technology, or other manufacturing-heavy companies.
* Active security clearance (or ability to obtain one).

US Salary Range

$220,000—$286,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
