---
title: Electrical Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: archived
id: '5115117007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5115117007?gh_jid=5115117007
lastmod: '2026-06-03T11:24:55-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T10:31:15-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an Electrical Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Reston, Virginia. In this role you will be responsible for designing, developing, augmenting, adapting, troubleshooting, and managing fabrication of printed circuit boards (PCB) through to working electronic devices. The PCB designs you support will be complex, multilayer printed circuit boards that meet rigorous performance and reliability standards. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including AIS and program leadership, project managers, electrical & mechanical engineers, software engineers, vendors, suppliers, and manufacturers to develop and deliver innovative solutions and ensure seamless integration of completed electronics, firmware, and application software into final deliverable products. This position will require the ability to work on both existing and new designs, troubleshoot and reverse engineer existing PCB designs, and have a strong understanding of the manufacturing process. You will need to work within tight timelines and resource constraints.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Work directly with project managers to produce PCB designs supporting AIS programs
* Apply modern design standards and guidelines to create highly reliable, highly manufacturable assemblies
* Implement designs that can support reuse of existing System-on-Chip, System-on-Module cores, or all new designs, as needed, that focus on edge computation, FPGA, deployment, high precision sensors, RF, and both low and high-power designs
* Own the end-to-end design-to-manufacture pipeline and bill of material (BOM), coordinating external PCB design and manufacturing, and assembly, as needed, across multiple fabrication and assembly houses
* Work in a fast-paced environment, juggling multiple concurrent projects and customers
* Work well on your own and as part of interdisciplinary teams

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or similar and 5+ years of professional experience in PCB design
* Ability to read and interpret schematics and apply best practices appropriate for each design
* Expertise in PCB fabrication processes, limitations, design rules, and best practices
* Experience using Altium Designer CAD tools
* Experience developing component libraries and library management
* Experience reworking existing physical and soft PCB designs into different form factors
* Experience with a variety of board types, including high density and high layer count (greater than 16) digital designs, power electronics, flex circuits, and RF circuits
* Experience with high-density interconnect (HDI) and thicker boards (greater than 1.6mm)
* Experience with high-speed digital interfaces and controlled impedance routing requirements like USB, PCIe, Ethernet, SERDES, and DDR memory
* Strong communication skills
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance with Full Scope Polygraph

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of professional experience in PCB design
* Familiarity with other design tools such as OrCAD, Cadence, or Allegro
* Experience in applying relevant IPC standards, CID, CID+ certification
* Experience with high-pin count packages (FPGA fanout)
* Experience with signal and power integrity rules and their effect on layout

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
