---
title: Senior Electrical Test Engineer
status: archived
id: '5116777007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116777007?gh_jid=5116777007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T15:08:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Launched Effects Engineering : Electrical Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams.   
  
Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements.   
  
TRS hires engineers who are passionate about rapid prototyping and scalability to a full-fledged product line. We are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

## **ABOUT THE JOB**

Do you like designing things that fly fast, sometimes explode, and make a big (literal and figurative) impact on our world events? We are looking for an Electrical Component Engineer to join the team! TRS focuses on rapid prototyping and iterative development to enable fast deployment of products in support of defense for the US and our allies. Our team is growing with new product concept launches, scalability opportunities, and technology development advancements enabled by our rapid prototyping successes.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Work collaboratively with our design engineers to identify critical design and reliability issues and design vulnerabilities as it relates to functionality and manufacturing.
* Support design through concept to flight delivery for R&D/prototype design with a goal to transition to product line ramp up to production of new drones, rocket motor systems, and more.
* Work with test and manufacturing to aid in bringup reliability, tester design, breakout board design and configuration.
* Work to simplify designs, leveraging commonality across product lines, where applicable.
* Troubleshoot issues that span the electrical and software boundaries, with solid skills using both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and software debugging tools.
* Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products.
* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Lab-based prototyping / research and development experience.
* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Materials Sciences, or equivalent.
* 3+ years in test and validation role.
* Experience working on products used in extreme environments (aerospace, defense, etc.).
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Systems engineering and architectural trade experience with payloads or products.
* Proficiency with embedded software and firmware (C/Linux is a plus).
* Experience with developing for a safety-critical environment (human in the loop).
* Knowledge of software protocols for embedded development, including use of timers, interrupts, hardware peripherals such as SPI controllers and ADCs.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
