---
title: Actuator Test Engineer
status: archived
id: '5116721007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116721007?gh_jid=5116721007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T23:40:32-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Mechanical Engineering : Actuators'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **What You'll Do**

* Develop, implement, and execute comprehensive validation and qualification test plans for electromechanical rotary, linear, and geared actuators.
* Design, develop, and execute environmental test profiles and plans for actuators, including high/low temperature, thermal cycling, vibration, and shock testing, often adhering to MIL-STD-810 standards and developing custom test methods.
* Design robust test fixtures using NX CAD, considering manufacturability via processes like CNC machining, 3D printing, and waterjet cutting, and oversee their fabrication and assembly.
* Perform rigorous multi-level testing, ranging from component (electric motor, geartrain) and actuator levels, up to integrated system level testing.
* Analyze complex test data, generate clear and concise test reports, and present findings to cross-functional engineering teams.
* Collaborate closely with Design Engineers and cross-functional teams (e.g., manufacturing, quality, software) to validate and refine actuator designs, clearly communicating technical issues and recommendations to diverse audiences
* Investigate root cause of failures through detailed analysis of performance data and some destructive testing, applying a basic understanding of electrical components for troubleshooting, to drive actuator design improvements.
* Create and execute Design Validation Plans (DVPs) and test methods to rigorously validate performance requirements, including preparing for and conducting qualification testing.

## What You'll Bring

* Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
* 2+ years of hands-on experience with LabVIEW and other data acquisition (DAQ) systems for test automation and data collection.
* 2+ years of experience in physical testing and analysis of mechanical, electrical, and electromechanical systems, with at least 1 year specifically focused on electric motors or electromechanical actuators.
* Proficiency with dynamometer testing and associated instrumentation (e.g., torque transducers, oscilloscopes, etc.).
* Working understanding of servo control principles (torque, speed, and position control), and familiarity with motor controllers and embedded control systems.
* Familiarity with various communication protocols (e.g., CAN FD, RS232, RS485).
* Strong experience with environmental testing methodologies (e.g., high/low temperature, thermal cycling, vibration, shock) and familiarity with MIL-STD-810 standards.
* Proficiency in CAD software, specifically NX, for test fixture design, with an understanding of design for manufacturability for various methods (e.g., CNC, 3D printing).
* Proven ability to perform root cause analysis and apply a basic understanding of electrical components for troubleshooting.

## Nice to Have

* Experience with Python, MATLAB, C/C++, or other scripting languages for data analysis and test automation.
* Familiarity with project and documentation management tools like Jira and Confluence.
* Experience in the aerospace, defense, or robotics industry.
* A strong sense of urgency and adaptability in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$155,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
