---
title: Logistics Program Manager
status: archived
id: '5116427007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116427007?gh_jid=5116427007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T15:31:19-04:00'
location: Bellevue, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Logistics Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are seeking a Logistics Program Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Bellevue, WA. This is a critical integrated logistics support program manager role for our Eagle Eye program. This individual will lead all developmental logistics efforts, with a strong emphasis on the creation, management, and delivery of Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs). This includes, but is not limited to, deliverables such as Logistics Support Plans (LSP), Level of Repair Analysis (LORA), System Support Package Component Lists (SSPCL), IUID Plans, and various Logistics Product Data Summaries (e.g., PPL/LSA-036, RPSTL).   
  
A successful candidate will thrive at the intersection of acquisition logistics, technical operations, program management, and cross-functional projects. You will build collaborative relationships with internal and external stakeholders, and ensure on-time, successful deployments in support of critical missions around the world. This is a unique opportunity for a seasoned logistician with a passion for national security and cutting-edge technology.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Manage all aspects of logistics operations from initial acquisition through post-deployment sustainment, ensuring that all logistical elements are executed seamlessly.
* Coordinate across product, engineering, logistics, and program teams to integrate logistics considerations and best practices into design, development, and delivery.
* Drive the creation, management, and delivery of critical Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs), including LSPs, LORAs, SSPCLs, IUID Plans, and various Logistics Product Data Summaries.
* Engage with engineering to establish design concepts, criteria, and engineering efforts for product research, development, testing, and integration.
* Support and provide logistics expertise at program milestones (eg. Post Award Conferences, Provisioning Conference, Critical Design Reviews) and proposal efforts.
* Interact with internal and external representatives at various levels concerning resolution of technical and scheduling issues. Act as primary contact for Logistics/Sustainment program issues.
* Influence, and coordinate the preparation of proposals, business plans, proposal work statements and specifications, operating budgets, and financial terms/conditions of contract(s).
* Influence contract acquisitions, negotiations, and modifications.
* Act as the primary customer contact for Logistics/Sustainment program activities to lead program review sessions with customers to discuss cost, schedule, and technical performance.
* Manage the development of and ensure the security of proprietary technology and maintain the strict confidentiality of sensitive information.
* Develop and refine SOPs and processes that drive operational excellence, efficiency, and consistency across deployments.
* Ensure compliance with DoD regulations, customer policies, and DoD contract requirements.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering, science, business/operations, or a related technical field. Equivalent experience may be substituted in lieu of education. 10+ years of progressively complex operations and program management experience.
* Strong communication, leadership, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other departments, all levels of management, professional and support staff, customers, potential customers, and government representatives.
* Customer focused - must be able to work on a self-initiated basis and in a team environment and able to work extended hours and travel, as required.
* Expertise in DoD product support strategies and policies, CDRLs, and DoD regulations.
* Experience with LORA, SERD, LMI and/or spare analysis.
* Experience with business rules, TMCR, IETM and/or CSDB.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with direct US Government or Military program offices is desired.
* Government proposal experience is desired.
* Engineering experience is desired.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
