---
title: Projects to Close (PTC) Associate Product Manager
status: archived
id: '5119382007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5119382007?gh_jid=5119382007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T15:39:17-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : CorporateOS'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM:**

The Business Systems team is responsible for building and optimizing the many systems and internal technologies that enables Anduril to accomplish its mission. Anduril’s supply chain, accounting, sales & growth, field maintenance, manufacturing, and many more teams rely on the technology built and maintained by us. We call this system-of-systems “CorpOS”. Within CorpOS lies a suite of digital software solutions aimed at solving the problems for our growth, finance, people teams that interplays heavily with our ArsenalOS solutions that enable Anduril’s engineering, production and sustainment departments.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**  
We are seeking a highly skilled Projects to Close (PTC) Product Manager deep Oracle supply chain experience to join the team. If you are passionate about the many cross-functional integrated processes that are necessary for defense tech to operate at scale and deliver the advantage to our war fighters, then this may be the opportunity for you. You will own the product roadmap and collaborate with stakeholder teams spanning growth, finance, accounting, supply chain operations, and manufacturing to understand the business needs, design solutions, and ensure our digital tools are aligned with the company's goals and objectives.

**WHAT YOU"LL DO:**

* Maximize the value Anduril captures from its new ERP on all things PTC by addressing shortcomings and technical debt, extending functionality, and engineering workarounds optimizing our digital tools suite
* Partner with internal/external customers to provide guidance on Oracle Fusion capabilities and collaborate with architects to design or remediate ERP solutions as needed to meet dynamically changing business needs
* Optimize Projects to Close capabilities (Project Contracts, Direct and Indirect Projects, Revenue Recognition, Resource Management & Timekeeping, Labor Distribution, Project Costing & Billing, Reporting & Analytics, etc.) across the enterprise
* Uplevel the understanding of our ERP’s capabilities across other parts of CorpOS and work with teams responsible for the ArsenalOS (production and sustainment) to improve functionality of their tools
* Work with other product managers owning other core workstreams (Design to Build, Procure to Pay, Order to Cash, Record to Report, etc.) to address their integration needs and deliver low tech debt cross functional capabilities
* Act as a product evangelist and thought leader by understanding product capabilities across our ecosystem, aligning our business partners around best practices and delivering fit for purpose value stream solutions
* Partner with vendors and third-party service providers to integrate system tools and product solutions into the company's ecosystem
* Contribute to product or technical knowledge assets by documenting all existing/new features, capabilities of our value-stream solutions including upcoming Oracle releases
* Support and deliver enterprise model product training to SMEs as needed

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 7+ years of experience in designing, developing, and implementing Oracle solutions at manufacturing companies (Aerospace & Defense industry preferred). DCAA & CPFF contracting experience a plus.
* Expertise in the interplay of sales, supply chain, manufacturing and finance processes between CRM, MES and ERP, with hands on experience leading development of capabilities in Oracle or SAP
* Product Oriented, Outcome Driven - Above all else, you care about the business winning, not how well built a system or integration is
* First Principles Thinking - You approach problems and develop solutions not based on what a vendor recommends or because it’s how you did things at their last job, but from a deep appreciation of what is best for the company.
* Excellent business and technical communication skills, both written and oral, and the ability to convey messages in a persuasive manner and at the appropriate level of detail.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.
* Ability to be in-office full time and willingness to travel up to 25-50% to visit other sites.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
