---
title: Senior Manager, Operations (Taiwan)
status: archived
id: '5119730007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5119730007?gh_jid=5119730007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T22:46:04-04:00'
location: Taipei, Taiwan
departments:
- 'Programs : Global Defense Programs : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Taipei, Taiwan
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
The Taiwan Team at Anduril is responsible for capturing and expanding business in Taiwan. The team networks across the company and customers to orchestrate operations across business lines and functional areas to deliver technology to Taiwan. The team is comprised of Business Development, Program Management, Operations and Supply Chain professionals responsible for delivering capability at scale in a timely manner.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* **Strategic Leadership & Customer Engagement:** Partner with the Taiwan Country Lead to define and execute the country strategy, driving capture efforts, effective customer engagement, and ensuring clarity and focus across a broad portfolio of programs, recruiting, and regional initiatives.
* **Operational Excellence & Scaling:** Lead the resolution of complex business operations problems to ensure smooth scaling in Taiwan and the broader region. Facilitate cross-functional collaboration, overseeing program planning, budget management, import/export of technology, and overall operational efficiency.
* **Enable Business Lines & Cohesive Execution:** Unify and enable Anduril's Divisions and Business Lines operating in Taiwan, providing critical onboarding, customer expertise, planning support, and communications. Drive coherent cross-business line execution, converting pilot programs to programs of record, ensuring excellent sustainment, and representing product/engineering needs.
* **Localization & Industrial Base Development:** Spearhead effective localization efforts in close partnership with Supply Chain, Production, Deployments, and Sustainment teams. Develop local capacity and resilience, contribute to the industrial base, and establish strategic partnerships to shore up Anduril’s long-term success and longevity in-country.
* **Infrastructure, Facilities & Security:** Establish and scale the necessary physical and operational infrastructure across the region. This includes facilities management (upgrades, new developments, operational performance), and robust security measures (physical, personnel, and information systems) in collaboration with HQ SMEs.
* **Logistics & Hardware Oversight:** Direct logistics operations, including shipping, inventory management, and last-mile delivery of hardware assets, ensuring seamless support for in-country programs.
* **Export Control & Regulatory Compliance:** Ensure strict adherence to all export regulations (e.g., EAR, ITAR) and other local and international compliance requirements for hardware and knowledge transfers, working closely with Anduril’s legal and compliance teams.
* **Talent & Team Development:** Champion local hiring, conduct headcount analyses, and oversee talent development initiatives, including mentoring, performance measurement, and career progression, fostering a strong Anduril culture in the region.
* **Brand & External Representation:** Act as a key representative for Anduril to customers, partners, and the public, embodying our ethos and effectively communicating our innovative approach to next-generation defense technology. Work with Communications and USG agencies to develop Anduril's brand in-country.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You have 8+ years of varied experience in an operating role at a high-growth technology company, starting a venture, or in finance or consulting
* You have excellent written and communication skills, and have the ability to communicate in both English and Mandarin
* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You’re highly detail oriented and data-driven
* You’re discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* Ability to obtain and hold a Taiwanese government security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Previous military or government experience, or experience working with government and/or defense customers
* Previous experience working in the tech industry
* Experience managing technical projects
* Technical acumen and deep familiarity with AI and autonomous systems

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
