---
title: Senior Solutions Engineer (Strategic Growth)
status: archived
id: '5119548007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5119548007?gh_jid=5119548007
lastmod: '2026-06-10T02:09:57-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T23:08:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Anduril Labs'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Strategy Division is responsible for planning and executing the executive vision for Anduril's product and revenue roadmap, ensuring that Anduril's growth is coordinated and on track for Year over Year strategic growth targets.

### ABOUT THE JOB

You will support Anduril's strategic growth and business development process with the technical development of multi-domain autonomous and unmanned weapon systems from conceptual design through transition to Anduril Division ownership. You will work closely with strategic opportunity customers to develop these designs so that requirements are tied to customer inputs, and Anduril concepts shape program office technical decisions. Your spectrum of support will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build cross-functional teams, and rapidly drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience in programmatic level decision will play a key component in making sure the right design/analysis/ and test steps are being completed to ensure success. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience executing and successfully completing prior highly optimized multi-disciplinary projects.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead technical and programmatic multi-domain autonomous weapon system design in the initial shaping, capture, and design stage of a strategic growth opportunity, and support the end-to-end strategic growth process
* Develop and manage multi-business line collaborations to unlock use cases and markets for mature and emerging Anduril products with a focus on increased connectivity, containerization, and interoperability with customer command and control architectures
* Manage the detailed design of the system and subsystems including requirements development, systems and subsystem trades and optimization, risk management etc. to ensure the appropriate consideration of design key performance parameters, schedule, costs and risks in order to shape the growth opportunity
* Own the technical and programmatic success of strategic growth opportunities, establish technical and programmatic vision assemble cross-functional teams of internal and external subject matter experts within the Anduril Divisions, and communicate that vision to them.
* Set up trade analysis to enable the exploration of early conceptual designs while working closely with technical experts and strategic growth team to find the right solution to current and future gaps in the DoW capability to ensure the war-fighter has the best solution for current and future conflicts.
* Coordinate closely with manufacturing to ensure the fabrication of prototype and low-rate production articles are capable of expansion to full rate manufacturing
* Work with senior leadership to ensure resource plans are adequate for work scope.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical or Software engineering, or equivalent experience in a relevant field
* Minimum of 10 years experience or relevant systems engineering and growth support
* Travel 25% to Customer and Test Sites
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Master’s degree in STEM / engineering, or equivalent experience in a relevant field
* Understanding of multi-domain unmanned and autonomous weapon systems development and deployment
* Demonstrated engineering support to the growth and business development process
* Experience in a senior role leading autonomous and unmanned weapon system programs from initial concept design through transition to full development and test
* Strong understanding of the “why” behind Autonomous Platform and Systems design .
* Experience working on mission critical DoW systems
* Experience creating cross-functional teams and focusing them around a common vision

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
