---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Counter Intrusion
status: archived
id: '5122121007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5122121007?gh_jid=5122121007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-04-27T20:26:16-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Sentry Engineering team builds hardware products and systems that leverage artificial intelligence to provide highly accurate, persistent autonomous awareness across land, sea and air. The Maneuver Subdivision focuses on rapidly deployable platforms that must endure extreme environments. For example, Anduril’s Mobile Sentry, a ruggedized, mobile platform that uses artificial intelligence for highly accurate, persistent autonomous ground or air awareness through use of various sensors. This role will own rapidly developed, ruggedized product introduction in addition to scaling legacy design concepts to support full- rate production. The ideal candidate will possess a rapid prototyping, growth mindset while ensuring concepts can scale rapidly to production-ready designs capable of deployment throughout the world.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own ruggedized hardware design from concept generation to production realization under condensed timelines.
* Use first principles physics as a basis for every decision.
* Lead design reviews, run analysis, and define and execute hardware test plans to ensure product reliability in many of the harshest environments on earth.
* Build prototypes of complex electromechanical systems.
* Coordinate across Anduril internal departments to build prototypes, analyze failures, and transition successful design concepts into production.
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with internal and external customers as needed.
* Travel to test sites and vendors as needed.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in immersive technical projects (Formula SAE, Baja SAE, SAE Aero etc).
* Self starter with **3+ years** of mechanical/electromechanical design experience in a professional setting.
* 3D CAD proficiency (any platform) and ability to understand and apply GD&T to create high quality engineering drawings.
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication skills.
* BS in Mechanical Engineering or a related field.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in NX/Teamcenter.
* M.Eng, MS or PhD in Mechanical Engineering or a related field.
* Experience developing ruggedized electromechanical assemblies from concept to low-rate production for automotive, space, or military applications.
* Ability to integrate electronic components into mechanical designs (motors, controllers, sensors, radars etc.).
* Experience with production processes, including machining, sheet metal, injection molding, welding, wire harnessing and 3D printing to inform design for manufacturability.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
