---
title: Senior Recruiting Coordinator
status: archived
id: '5122481007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5122481007?gh_jid=5122481007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T10:12:47-04:00'
location: Columbus, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : Recruiting Coordination'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Recruiting Coordination Team is essential to our company’s growth and scalability. From managing daily recruiting operations to cultivating strong candidate relationships, your efforts directly impact the quality of our talent pipeline. You will play a crucial role in fueling Anduril’s future success by ensuring exceptional candidate experiences. Often, you will be the first point of contact for prospective candidates and new hires, shaping their initial impression of Anduril.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Senior Recruiting Coordinator at Anduril, you will manage the interview coordination process independently and work with your stakeholders (Recruiters, Sourcers, Hiring Managers, Interviewers) with a high degree of autonomy. You will be the first recruiting coordinator at our Arsenal-1 production facility in Ashville, OH, molding and refining our coordination processes while working closely with our foundational Arsenal-1 recruiting team.   
  
In addition to managing all interview scheduling, you will be the go-to point of contact for your specific division. This includes using data-driven insights to influence decisions, owning and executing our Interviewer Success Program, and working through bottlenecks to improve efficiency. You will be seen as a leader on our Recruiting Coordination team and will own new team member onboarding, mentor and develop team members, and resolve questions and issues that come up in our team Slack channels. For Senior Recruiting Coordinators on a Lead path, you may manage the time and attendance, performance, and engagement of direct reports.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage all logistics related to interview scheduling from receipt of scheduling request to conclusion of interview process
* Assist prospective candidates with travel and hotel accommodations through *Egencia*
* Update candidate records and manage interview coordination requests in *Greenhouse* (ATS) and *ModernLoop* (scheduling tool)
* Navigate interviewers' complex and dynamic schedules
* Correspond with candidates via phone, text, and email
* Find opportunities for interview process and system improvement, including identifying bottlenecks to improving candidate experience and scheduling efficiency
* Write and maintain playbooks, best practices, and communicate updates
* Greet candidates with poise and confidence, facilitate the onsite interview process, and ensure an excellent candidate experience
* Build strong relationships with key stakeholders (Recruiters, Sourcers, Hiring Managers, Interviewers, Recruiting Coordination team)
* Act as a Subject Matter Expert within your assigned division, working closely with Recruiting leadership to manage the performance and execution of your division's coordination efforts
* Participate in the development of our Recruiting Coordination team through leading new team member onboarding and mentoring/developing more junior coordinators
* Monitor our Recruiting Coordination team Slack Channels to resolve questions and issues as they arise
* Lead path: Manage the time and attendance, and performance of direct reports (contractors)

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience as a Recruiting Coordinator or in Recruiting (at a fast-paced, growing company)
* Candidate-first mentality
* Able to work efficiently and prioritize tasks in a dynamic environment
* Relentless attention to detail and accuracy
* Great team player but can also work well independently with little to no guidance
* Process-driven with strong habits and a proven track-record of process improvement and efficiency
* Strong verbal and written communication skills with an emphasis on providing good customer service and proven success building strong internal stakeholder relationships
* Ability to remain composed and detail-oriented in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
* Positive attitude with a growth mindset
* Willing to work in-person at Anduril's Arsenal-1 facility in Ashville, OH 3-5 days per week, with occasional support at our temporary office in downtown Columbus
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience using Greenhouse and/or ModernLoop
* Proven experience scheduling within Outlook
* Familiarity with Slack
* Experience working with asynchronous and geographically distributed teams

US Hourly Range

$25—$33 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
