---
title: Commercial Truck Driver, Local Class B
status: archived
id: '5123531007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5123531007?gh_jid=5123531007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T23:45:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for our first team of CDL Class B Drivers to operate dedicated milk run shuttle routes across our facilities in Orange County. This is a unique opportunity to help build and shape an internal transportation function from the ground up. You won’t just be driving - you’ll play a key role in establishing the standards, processes, and culture for what will become a critical part of our supply chain.   
  
In this role, you will safely operate 26’ box trucks to transport raw materials and finished goods between nearby production facilities on a consistent, repeatable route structure. You’ll work closely with Materials and Logistics teams to ensure timely, accurate, and secure movement of materials that directly support mission-critical programs.  
  
This position is ideal for professionals who take pride in safety, reliability, and ownership - and who are excited about being part of something new, where your feedback and experience will help shape how we operate.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Transport goods safely and efficiently to designated locations, adhering to all traffic laws and company policies.
* Ensure timely delivery of goods while minimizing delays and maintaining the quality of the cargo.
* Accurately maintain daily driver log-book, pre-check, and post-check of truck. Ability to maintain a clean driving record with a high level of safety awareness on the roadways.
* Utilize in-house systems and handheld scanners in support of material movement tracking updates.
* Load and unload trucks by hand or by use of mechanical devices such as forklifts and pallet jacks.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years driving experience with possession of a valid driver’s license with Class B CDL and current DOT Physical Examination medical card.
* Foundational knowledge of Department of Transportation (DOT) rules and regulations.
* Ability to lift and move heavy boxes (up to 50 pounds) and manually pallet jack heavy material on/off trucks.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
* Forklift Certification training a plus; will be required to operate on occasion.
* Experience in defense, aerospace, or manufacturing environments is a plus.

#### **BACKGROUND CHECK AND DRUG SCREENING**

* Offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion of a background check and drug screen.

US Hourly Range

$23—$30 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
