---
title: Senior Mechanical Design Engineer, Manufacturing
status: archived
id: '5123538007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5123538007?gh_jid=5123538007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T00:41:28-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Alexandria, Australia
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE ROLE:**  
As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.  
  
We are seeking a Mechanical Design Engineer to join our Manufacturing Engineer Team, working in a cutting-edge start-up environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in factory, equipment, and process execution. This is an ideal role for an individual with broad experience and passion for mechanical design and design for manufacturing. The ideal candidate will seek continuous improvement opportunities in both the physical and data space, gaining broad experience within an advanced production environment by designing production fixtures to help the technicians execute build processes efficiently as well as working closely with manufacturing and design engineers to improve product manufacturability.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Own the physical design, prototyping and fabrication of Production equipment.
* Develop novel tooling solutions for fabrication and assembly of structural parts.
* Perform detailed mechanical designs including 3D modelling and 2D drawing creation using NX whilst adhering to engineering standards.
* Select appropriate materials (metals, polymers, composites) based on mechanical properties, environmental conditions (including marine/corrosive environments), cost constraints, and manufacturing processes.
* Execute engineering calculations from first principles (example: lifting analysis, including beam/hook loading and center of gravity calculations).
* Perform FEA simulations to validate structural and dynamic performance of mechanical components before prototyping.
* Use FEA results to optimize designs for weight, cost, and manufacturability (DFM).
* Designing and developing mechanical test equipment including Factory Acceptance Testing in a submerged environment.
* Effectively coordinating your effort to support Production team with mechanical design of fixtures/equipment acting as a subject matter expert in DFM/DFA reviews.
* Select and manage suppliers, ensuring timelines and costs are met.
* Oversee physical assembly and commissioning of designed systems.
* Diagnose and resolve production issues promptly, including equipment malfunctions and process deviations.
* Support the broader Production team by creating and maintaining designs in our PLM (Teamcenter).
* Safety and compliance: Ensure all processes adhere to safety regulations and company policies.
* Designing manufacturing jigs and fixtures capturing design updates, modifications, and improvements to existing manufacturing equipment and aids (including load testing requirements and prescription).

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* BS, M.Eng or MS in Mechanical Engineering or a related field.
* Professional experience working as a Mechanical Engineer with one or more domains and/or technologies of expertise
* 5+ years of experience in a relevant engineering field, preferably mechanical design for manufacturing.
* Demonstrated ability to manage projects from concept to completion.
* Strong skills in NX for 3D modelling and 2D drawing creation.
* Proficiency with FEA in NX, FEMAP or ANSYS.
* Personal experience with physical assembly and commissioning.
* Proficiency in engineering calculations and material selection.
* Proficiency with engineering standards and GD&T.
* Ability to manage suppliers and project timelines effectively.
* Ability to obtain and maintain an Australian NV2 Security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience with NX/Teamcenter.
* Experience in the design and development of tooling, jigs, and fixtures.
* Experience in production support within an advanced manufacturing organization.
* Understanding of load testing and prescription for mechanical fixtures.
* Knowledge of corrosion prevention techniques.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
