---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Roadrunner
status: archived
id: '5124663007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5124663007?gh_jid=5124663007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T19:25:55-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Autonomous Airpower Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[**Roadrunner**](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner) product is at its leading edge. Roadrunner is a cutting-edge VTOL (Vertical Take-Off and Landing) counter-UAS interceptor, designed for autonomous air defense operations. It rapidly detects, tracks, and neutralizes hostile unmanned aircraft systems to protect critical assets and personnel. Our Roadrunner Manufacturing team is seeking a highly skilled Senior Manufacturing Engineer who is ready to take ownership of the production processes for this critical system, ensuring it can scale to meet urgent demands.  
  
This role is about much more than just processes; it's about orchestrating the industrialization of a vital product. You will own the entire manufacturing value-chain for Roadrunner, from current rate to high-volume deployment. Your responsibilities will span the spectrum: driving Design for Manufacturability (DFM) feedback into design, innovating tool design and selection, creating and optimizing high-rate production lines, fostering strategic vendor partnerships, embedding robust quality assurance throughout, and meticulously documenting build processes.   
  
If you thrive under the pressure of scaling a critical product with immediate, real-world impact, we want you to help us build the next generation of Roadrunner products.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own a portion or all of the manufacturing value chain for a certain product or set of products
* Develop novel tooling solutions for fabrication and assembly of structural parts
* Develop process flows, breaking down large, complex assemblies into a logical part flow of subassemblies and sub-processes
* Write documentation required for successfully manufacturing their hardware at scale, such as work instructions, quality plans, inspection requirements, etc.
* Work with contract manufacturers across various disciplines (PCBA fab, metallic manufacturing, assembly, etc.) to develop repeatable, sustained processes for quick-turn development as well as at-scale production
* Work with technicians and other engineers hands-on, building prototype hardware
* Contribute to end-customer hardware mechanical or electrical design, including interconnects, board fabrication and inspection, etc.
* Travel to suppliers to do initial sourcing work, solve ongoing production issues, and implement quality procedures

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field preferred such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 8+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing or design of electromechanical hardware
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment
* Demonstrated in-kind or direct team leadership skills, with backing examples
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.) Work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and thirst for learning
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities
* Candidates must demonstrate flexibility and dedication, being prepared to work extended hours and weekends when dictated by critical business priorities
* This role involves frequent and often routine business travel to various locations within Texas, as required to meet operational demands

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Hands-on experience with R/C and/or autonomous flight vehicles, flight controllers, or other related control systems
* Software scripting experience in any language
* Lean Six Sigma certification (Green Belt or higher) or equivalent experience
* Familiarity with J-STD-001, IPC-A-610, and IPC/WHMA-A-620 or equivalent standards

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
