---
title: 'Manufacturing Engineer - 2nd Shift '
status: archived
id: '5124471007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5124471007?gh_jid=5124471007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T17:42:08-04:00'
location: Hudson, New Hampshire, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - AIRS'
offices:
- ' Hudson, NH'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril AIRS provides high-performance cooled infrared imaging solutions, encompassing IDCAs, modules, and cameras. We achieve this through state-of-the-art technologies, advanced designs, and vertically integrated manufacturing processes. Our core strength lies in delivering customized, mission-critical imaging capabilities to system integrators and instrumentation manufacturers facing unique, challenging, and complex thermal imaging needs.  
  
***Note: Second shift hours are roughly 3:00PM - 11:00PM***

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Own the manufacturing value chain for a certain set of products both technical and commercial operations; ensuring the capability to produce at needed scale.
* Evaluate, plan, and prioritize long-term and short-term supply chain, production and test optimizations to ensure capability and reliability of value stream to meet business production output goals & business objectives.
* Effectively develop and communicate business cases to support vertical integration or value stream diversification opportunities where strategic supply partnerships will accelerate the scalability of production output and product development.
* Continuously evaluate make vs buy decisions for sub-assemblies in the value stream; break the system down into logical subassemblies and process flows resulting in a clear approach to maximize total cost of ownership and production capability & reliability (lead time & flexibility).
* Work with contract manufacturers within the critical product value stream to develop and execute repeatable, sustained processes for quick-turn development as well as at-scale production and testing.
* Be on site at current and future operations partners managing technical and commercial needs for the value stream, solve ongoing production issues, improve capacity and evaluating potential partners.
* Work with technicians and other engineers (SMEs) hands-on, building prototype and production product and supporting hardware for internal and external use.
* Create documentation required for successfully manufacturing hardware at scale.
* Reduce complexity: commonality optimization & component/supplier rationalization.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Degree in a technical field such as mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, systems engineering, math, or a hard science.
* 5+ years of Operations experience in areas: Process Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Strategic Sourcing or in design of electromechanical hardware.
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment.
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.) Work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus.
* A genuine interest in Operations and thirst for driving improvements.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience in the assembly and test of precision mechanisms.
* Exposure to ISO 9001/AS 9100 quality systems.
* Demonstrated familiarity with optical system integration and test.

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
