---
title: Program Assistant
status: archived
id: '5125919007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5125919007?gh_jid=5125919007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T20:14:33-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : Bowser Engineering'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Program Assistant you will provide administrative and operational support, ensuring the smooth execution of program objectives. You will oversee logistical aspects for front office staff, ensuring a well-organized and efficient environment. Key responsibilities include coordinating and prioritizing complex schedules, de-conflicting potential issues, and providing direct support to the Program Lead on various tasks. Beyond scheduling, you will manage calendars, coordinate meetings, assist with preparing meeting materials, and track action items. You'll also handle travel arrangements, process expense reports, and maintain organized program documentation. The ideal candidate will be highly independent, proactive, and possess exceptional communication skills, effectively liaising with internal and external stakeholders to support a fast-paced environment critical to national security.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Assist program leadership with planning and coordinating visits from Anduril’s customer and VIP USG visits
* Respond to customer requests for support with Anduril infrastructure (such as badging, IT, and visit requests)
* Coordinate program level reviews of engineering, finance, and schedule data
* Submits outgoing and incoming visit requests for external and internal engagements and tracks status
* Proactively manage program calendar and personal calendars
* Manage special projects for the Program Leadership Team as needed
* Respond to internal and external meeting requests
* Arrange travel, accommodations, itineraries, and all correspondence related to arrangements as needed
* Act as point of contact for external guests for coordination of meetings
* Work effectively with cross departmental teams

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A minimum of 2+ years administrative experience supporting programs or senior level executives in a corporate environment, or other relevant administrative or program coordination experience
* Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Approachable style and ability to effectively and professionally interface with high level executives, clients, employees and business associates both internal and external
* Strong organizational and time management skills. Proven experience in multi-tasking and working with multiple people and priorities, while delivering on high quality results and follow through
* Demonstrates curiosity and a desire to understand the company goals
* Able to handle constant change
* Proven ability to handle confidential and sensitive information in a professional manner
* Excellent attention to detail and accuracy
* Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills
* Proficient in scheduling meetings while managing multiple constraints
* This position is an in-office role based in DC
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Defense Contractor OR Tech Start-Up Experience preferred
* Active U.S. Secret security clearance (or higher)

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
