---
title: Senior Airworthiness Engineer, Air Dominance & Strike
status: archived
id: '5129568007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5129568007?gh_jid=5129568007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T15:25:00-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Remote
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Test & Evaluation : Airworthiness'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* You will work as an Airworthiness Engineer to develop and author Airworthiness certification and conformance plans for developmental and production aircraft, supporting Flight Releases, Type Certification, tailored airworthiness, and FAA general use airspace integration.
* You and your team will perform technical airworthiness (AW) planning, tracking and verification support within a digital environment. This includes the development and negotiation of airworthiness bases of certification, means of compliance, and other certification activities. You will be responsible for cultivating total-system Airworthiness relationships between engineers and other technical authorities, including our customer partners.
* Airworthiness engineering duties include guiding technical reviews with your airworthiness engineers and engineering disciplines across the total system design, development and test processes.
* You are expected to perform functional and process analyses, requirements allocation and definition studies with program engineers and customer representatives. You will facilitate all interactions which translate customer requirements into criteria and derived requirements.
* You will ensure the logical and systematic realization of customer airworthiness certification objectives, to include the tailoring of traditional Airworthiness processes, and continuously evaluate and update Airworthiness plans with new realized solutions to meet program needs throughout the product lifecycle.
* Faced with numerous Airworthiness assessments you will proactively support and guide all design development towards Airworthiness compliance and support all processes leading to a successful issuance of a Military Flight Release (MFR). Subsequent to this you will actively solicit all engineering and systems data required to support iterative and on-going Airworthiness Boards, technical interchange meetings, and risk assessments.
* You will develop, author and maintain all Airworthiness activities in a digital environment which is interconnected with system requirements, program schedules, flight test point matrix, and also risk assessments. Using this digital infrastructure you will demonstrate the ability to perform statistical analysis or program performance and leverage your digital tools to provide input to the flight test program execution schedule.
* Faced with technical and execution challenges, you will be expected to develop creative solutions to unique problems. You will be biased for action — you are empowered to engage your team to solve and fix any problem you encounter.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A bachelor's degree in Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering or aviation related engineering degree.
* 8+ years airworthiness engineering experience.
* Experience establishing and maintaining relationships with DoD and FAA airworthiness authorities.
* Experience with DoD Airworthiness Policy Directives, Instructions, and Airworthiness Bulletins
* Proven experience working DoD and FAA Airworthiness processes, including MIL-HDBK-516 series documents, throughout the life cycle of a developmental aircraft to achieve successful program completion.
* Experience developing and managing Airworthiness plans, tracking of Airworthiness criterions, and similar activities.
* Must have experience with manned or UAS developmental Military aircraft.
* Ability to develop and execute Airworthiness Certification process improvement initiatives.
* Must have strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills, with emphasis on technical subjects.
* Strong computer and technical software experience (MATLAB, JIRA, DOORS, MS Office, CATIA, 3DX)
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Masters in Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering or aviation related technical discipline
* 15+ years airworthiness engineering experience.
* Systems engineering and Airworthiness experience with large UAS airworthiness authorizations.
* Experience authoring and submitting FAA Certificates of Waiver or Authorization (COA)
* Previously held a position as Airworthiness Engineering Lead or Airworthiness Engineer
* Airworthiness experience on a team that executed first flight on a manned or large UAS developmental aircraft.
* Experience working with the Department of Defense (DoD) as a contractor.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
