---
title: Program Manager, Intelligence Systems
status: archived
id: '5130685007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130685007?gh_jid=5130685007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T14:37:50-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and next generation national security products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers and partners worldwide. We work with the IC and international partners to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are looking for an experienced analyst to support our growing team to develop and execute a strategy to expand AIS global business. The individual will collaborate and share substantive expertise across AIS to identify and assess new markets, technologies, and business opportunities for AIS capabilities and programs. In addition, the individual will also support AIS programs supporting the U.S. Intelligence Community as well as other business lines in the Frontier Systems Division, including Air Defense and Counter Intrusion.  
  
The ideal candidate will have deep substantive knowledge of defense systems and capabilities in key global markets, with extensive experience in applying that expertise to deliver actionable analysis and assessments.  
  
The ideal candidate will have experience working with senior foreign business or government officials and interest in directly supporting and enabling international business development and engagements with foreign partners.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Partner with customers to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints.
* Support development and execution of strategies to shape, capture, and close AIS strategic growth opportunities in new or existing markets.
* Research and understand existing and prospective markets for AIS, international defense and security needs, current or planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, resource allocations and opportunities, and the competitive landscape.
* Collaborate closely with stakeholders throughout the company including partner business lines and corporate functions to advance AIS growth initiatives.
* Develop AIS global business development content for corporate reviews and key planning products.
* Support the proposal process for AIS global opportunities.
* Schedule, attend, and publish notes from customer and partner calls.
* Support VIP visits and other customer engagements at Anduril locations.
* Foster a culture of trust, open communications, customer focus, innovation, and continuous improvement.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 8+ years of experience in program management, preferably in defense or government contracting
* Proven track record of managing large-scale, complex programs across the product development lifecycle
* Strong understanding of contracting processes and large scale program management
* Ability to navigate complex contractual landscapes and ensure compliance
* Strong financial management skills, including budget development and tracking
* Experience with development and management of program metrics and dashboard
* Demonstrated ability to actively develop and execute an effective program risk management plan
* Experience in developing and executing communication strategies for high-visibility programs
* Substantive experience with intelligence analysis tradecraft and methodologies.
* High ownership and initiative. Comfortable with ambiguity and capable of succeeding in a fast-paced, dynamic, and creative environment. A good teammate who works well with others.
* Ability to create and deliver presentations in technical and programmatic reports to key leadership and customers.
* Excellent written and verbal communication and briefing skills with experience presenting to executives and customers.
* Demonstrated success leading cross-functional teams and/or managing resources.
* Ability to interface with a wide range of US and international customers.
* This role is onsite 5 days a week at our Reston, VA office.
* Willingness to travel up to 40%.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Proven track record in designing and implementing best practices that drive operational efficiency and sustainable growth
* Experience with both hardware and software development lifecycles
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related field; Master's degree preferred
* PMP certification or equivalent preferred

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
