---
title: Manufacturing Operations Manager, Barracuda
status: archived
id: '5131487007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131487007?gh_jid=5131487007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T06:13:38-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyper-scale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.   
  
**ABOUT THE PRODUCT**  
  
The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda)product is at its leading edge. Barracuda is a family of air breathing autonomous air vehicles (AAVS) purpose-built for hyper-scale production and mass employment. The Barracuda family of AAVs consist of Barracuda-100, Barracuda-250, and Barracuda-500. Each increment offers increasing size, range and payload capacity, but all barracudas are compatible with a host of payloads and employment mechanisms, support a variety of different missions, and provide warfighters with an adaptable and upgradeable capability to counter evolving threats.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Barracuda Launch Team (BLT) will set the standard for building the future at **[Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1),** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are seeking a Manager of Manufacturing Operations to join our growing team in Ashville, OH supporting Arsenal-1. Here you will work on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible. The Manager of Manufacturing Operations will manage a team of highly talented technicians to produce multiple platforms of hardware for strategic military and commercial customers. This is a highly dynamic role that requires both frontline technical and people management skills. This role is at the forefront of delivering exceptional customer experiences, fostering team development, and overseeing day-to-day vehicle delivery operations. Success in this role demands consistent achievement across customer satisfaction, team management, operations, and financial goals.  
  
The ideal candidate has experience with New Product Introduction (NPI) and the technical acumen to communicate effectively. We are looking for a highly organized, self-motivated individual who is passionate about driving transformative change. While we value strong individual contributions, success here is a team effort.  
  
\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Costa Mesa for a 3-month training program. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage technician staff in the production and delivery of various hardware through factory acceptance. You will have the critical task of managing the priorities, equipment, and people associated with the production line.
* Set priorities and direct daily operations to include timely issuing and completion of work orders to the production floor.
* Ensure all operators are following safety procedures and their teams' safety training is current, documenting EHS incidents, correcting proactively workplace hazards in the areas, and empowering others to continuously improve operations.
* Manage, coach, mentor and support production technicians.
* Prioritize work activities for operators to achieve target on time delivery goals.
* Ensure quality standards are being met throughout the entire production process and support no defects from leaving a station or team area.
* Be able to provide high level reports out to Production Managers, Directors, and Head of Manufacturing as needed.
* Be an active participant in 5S and continuous improvement activities.
* Complete transactions in production systems (NetSuite / JIRA Anduril MES) on daily basis.
* Work cross functionally to ensure inventory levels are maintained and accurate in each work area.
* Provide weekly report out of production progress, blockers, risks, needs. Generate daily pass downs and weekly production reports for engineering and operations team.
* Lead daily communication with cross functional team such as engineering, technicians, supply chain, logistics, and quality as necessary.
* Build a positive and collaborative team culture that promotes product knowledge, skills development, and X-training.
* Show up every day with a high level of urgency and enthusiasm to get the job done.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years experience in production-oriented or electro-mechanical technician fields with at least 3+ years in a supervisor or production operations lead/manager role in a high volume production environment.
* Experience working with ERP and MES systems.
* A full understanding of the product life cycle (NPI to scaled production), LEAN manufacturing principals, and change management (ECOs).
* Can interpret technical documentation (mechanical drawings, work instructions, building plans, equipment specs, electrical schematics, etc.).
* Extremely reliable, organized and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills.
* You have a passion for employee development and enjoy the process of training and developing both new hires and veteran production staff.
* Have proven skills in both process and equipment troubleshooting, allowing you to easily adapt to constantly changing production environments.
* Experience supporting process development.
* Knowledge of 5S, lean manufacturing or 6-Sigma principles.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Proficient with MS office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project).
* U.S. Citizen Required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* New Product Introduction (NPI) experience.
* Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (engineering, business, or applied science).
* Lean six sigma green belt certified.
* Working knowledge of AS9100 standards and OSHA laws.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret Security Clearance.

US Salary Range

$99,000—$131,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
