---
title: Operational Technology (OT ) Security Administrator - Factory Systems
status: archived
id: '5131923007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131923007?gh_jid=5131923007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T14:12:38-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : ArsenalOS : Factory Systems'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Factory Systems team is looking for a Operational Technology (OT) Cybersecurity Specialist to focus on building world class defensive controls to protect the infrastructure around our advanced defense technology products. This is a role with a direct focus on securing Anduril's OT and ICS (Industrial Control Systems) environments. In this role, you will help design, implement, and operate foundational security solutions playing a critical role in Anduril's roll out of cutting edge factory systems.

## ABOUT THE JOB

## WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Support and/or lead greenfield/brownfield site surveys, risks assessments, and OT design planning efforts
* Support the deployment, configuration, operations, and maintenance of OT specific security tooling
* Utilize enterprise and OT specific security tooling to maintain visibility on systems and devices within the OT manufacturing environments
* Perform vulnerability and patch management for the OT networks and devices
* Serve as a technical liaison between OT, IT, manufacturing engineers, and vendors
* Work closely with the Information Assurance (IA) team for OT security compliance requirements and DoD/DoW assessments
* Work closely with factory production teams to review designs and use-cases, ensuring the manufacturing environments are defensible by design

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with routing, switching, and network design principles
* Familiarity with zero trust architecture and segmentation strategies when it comes to OT networks
* Experience conducting security architecture or design reviews for OT/ICS environments
* Experience with threat modeling frameworks and applying these concepts to the OT/ICS domain (e.g. MITRE ATT&CK for ICS)
* Experience utilizing IT and OT specific security tooling to defend OT environments
* Experience developing and implementing defensive controls in industrial production environments
* Ability to work autonomously and take ownership of complex projects
* Have participated in or supported incident response events
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. SECRET or TS clearance.

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated experience working in and defending manufacturing networks
* Familiarity with OT specific protocols and ICS environments
* Experience with ICS/SCADA vendor platforms and devices
* Experience building defensive solutions in high-growth high-complexity OT network environments
* Experience with Windows and Linux operating systems

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
