---
title: Flight Test Operator
status: archived
id: '5131080007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131080007?gh_jid=5131080007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T14:35:38-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position will be filled with a highly motivated Flight Test Operator with a passion for flying small uncrewed fixed wing aircraft in support of flight test operations. You will work heavily with test team members in a wide spectrum of cross-department Altius programs to help assist the team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. The role will be responsible for assisting program leads, planning, coordination, execution of flight test operations.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Assist with test, system checkouts, fly, and provide feedback on Altius for Test Engineering.
* Build, program, and maintain autonomous aircraft for flight.
* Work with Test Engineers on a variety of operational tasks that enable engineering, such as flight execution, material prep, or supporting test profiles by participating in our demonstrations.
* Assist with product installations at our test sites as needed
* Assist Site Manager and onsite team with maintenance, including managing office supplies, cleaning, inventory management and equipment maintenance
* Travel between test sites depending on testing requirements and team needs

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* RC, RPIC, or Pilot-operator (PIC) experience on fixed wing commercial and/or defense Group 2 aircraft.
* Ability to get and maintain a FAA part 107 certificate, and FAA Part 61 ground school completion (as required)
* Ability to travel on an as needed basis.
* Familiarity with flight controllers and autopilot logic.
* Significant knowledge and understanding of National Airspace regulations and operating restrictions
* Must have strong communication and interpersonal skills
* Ability to own a variety of tasks in an autonomous environment
* Able to work extended hours as required
* Strong customer service and organizational collaboration mentality
* Small UAS maintenance experience.
* Willingness to travel approximately 60% of the time.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* LiPO/LiON battery handling experience
* Bachelors degree in aerospace, electrical, software, or mechanical engineering.
* Experience with developmental and operational test.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
