---
title: Deployment Lead, Counter Intrusion
status: archived
id: '5132333007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5132333007?gh_jid=5132333007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T16:59:21-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (22M)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Counter-Intrusion Business Line works on products that enable operators to protect their people and assets from threats on land and sea. We are deployed in every major global operating theater and support a diversity of mission sets across both U.S. Government and allied partners.  
  
The Mission Operations team is responsible for managing the execution, growth, and success of our customer accounts. Working across product, engineering, sales, and logistics teams, our Mission Operations Engineers own the customer relationships and develop, plan, and deploy Anduril products in support of their missions. They work side-by-side with customers to understand their specific problem sets and then shape Anduril’s offerings alongside our engineering teams to fit the mission needs. Because the problems we solve are uniquely challenging, our Mission Operations Engineers naturally gravitate toward finding solutions and are adept at navigating organizational hurdles. They are ultimately responsible for customer and mission success and therefore play a critical role in the shaping and future of Anduril Industries.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Orchestrate the deployment of Anduril products.** Lead the planning and deployment of Anduril’s flagship hardware and software products in support of customer missions. Through collaboration with our engineering, logistics, and technical operations teams, Mission Operators are in charge of deploying our products to the field, training end users, and ensuring the high performance of our products. We are obsessed about engagement and keeping our finger on the pulse of how customers interact with our products. This helps us improve the user experience and evolve their operational tactics and techniques. And if something isn’t quite right, we work with product teams to quickly address the issue on behalf of our customer.
* **Grow your business through customer success.** In addition to the operational and executive relationships you own, you will be responsible for meeting commercial targets that drive top line growth. This requires establishing committed and trust-based partnerships with our customers to not only help them solve their immediate problems, but also to foresee future opportunities where Anduril’s technology can make them more effective. Understanding Anduril’s value proposition and articulating how we can have an impact on a customer’s problem set, from the executive level to the end user, is critical to positioning Anduril for the future.
* **Shape our products to meet mission needs.** Work side-by-side with our customers to understand their specific mission challenges and represent the customer as you work with Anduril engineers to shape products that solve critical national and international security challenges. Anduril engineers rely on Mission Operators to understand the lay of the land and bring a perspective that informs the product development process.
* **Collaborate across nearly every Anduril team.** Successfully deploying our complex hardware and software products requires collaborating with nearly every internal Anduril team - business development, engineering, product, logistics, finance, legal, contracting, technical operations, and many more. You’ll be responsible for ensuring each party is engaged and informed, and will therefore become well-versed in what it takes to really bring the best of Anduril to our customers.

### **WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR**

1. **Mission First Mindset.** We put the needs of the mission and our customers first and understand that the US and its allies have no preordained right to victory in any future conflict. We actively seek out opportunities to better understand our customers’ mission needs, with a goal to build the best possible products for the warfighter and radically evolve our national and international defense capabilities. We push ourselves and the limits of our capabilities in the pursuit of this goal.
2. **Ownership Mentality.** We’re looking for owners; those who have a natural bias to assume responsibility, a healthy dose of skepticism, and contribute to a culture of performance. We empower our Mission Operators to quickly assume high levels of responsibility and entrust them to actively own their account and shape its success. Our Mission Operators are just as comfortable helping to shape a proposal or pitch a new customer as they are working with engineers on new features or deploying products in the field.
3. **Technical Aptitude and Intellectual Curiosity.** We are first and foremost a technology company, working at the leading edge of capabilities like machine learning, autonomy, distributed networking, and multi-modal sensor fusion. Do you have a natural desire to see beyond simple cause and effect relationships to really understand how complex systems operate? Do you actively seek out opportunities to educate yourself? These capabilities form the foundation of our product offerings, so we are looking for those who are comfortable communicating technical concepts and can articulate them in the context of the customer’s mission.
4. **Structured Thinker and Problem Solver.** Leading technical programs requires clear communication and well thought-out plans. We are looking for assertive communicators who bring a thoughtful perspective and honest dialogue. A solution-driven approach, the ability to distill complexity into its essential, digestible components, and the ability to supervise execution are critical to ensure mission success.
5. **High Value Team Member.** Do you enjoy working as part of a team? At Anduril, the path to success weaves through the organization - account teams, engineering, logistics, technical operations, and more. It requires humility, an eagerness to learn, and empathy toward your fellow team member. We assume best intentions and empathize with customers just as we do with our colleagues. Can you develop rapport at both the user and executive levels? Do you enjoy sharing successes? We are a low ego group that promotes teamwork and collaboration to bring about success.
6. **360 Degree Leader.** We are a flat, non-hierarchical organization with a matrix structure that is dynamic and evolving. We expect you to be self-aware enough to recognize your position of unstated leadership within the company. You should have a demonstrated ability to lead and influence people through both formal and informal constructs and in situations where there is lack of clarity across teams. Finally, we need people who identify gaps and breakdowns and solve them immediately, rather than point them out and step back. You should also seek 360 feedback to help inform your growth trajectory as a leader.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* This role is directly tied to an ongoing, funded program within Anduril's Counter-Intrusion Business line.
* Candidates should be comfortable interacting and briefing all levels of government personnel from front line operators to GOFOs/SES on system capabilities and operational updates.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Willingness to travel up to 50%.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* PMP or similar certifications a plus.
* Border Security experience a plus.
* Prior military or contracting experience can be helpful.
* Experience with programming, scripting, or networking a plus.

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
