---
title: Quality Engineer
status: archived
id: '5134497007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5134497007?gh_jid=5134497007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T15:13:21-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Engineering'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (Denrose)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Our Quality Engineering team is a dedicated group of professionals committed to ensuring the highest standards of quality in our processes. We play a crucial role in maintaining the integrity and reliability of our products, working collaboratively to identify, analyze, and resolve quality issues. Our team thrives on a culture of continuous improvement and innovation, leveraging data-driven insights to enhance processes and outcomes.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a **Quality Engineer** to join our growing team in**Fort Collins, CO**. You will work inside and outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes to ensure the delivery of high quality, reliable and performant radar products to end customers.  You will help drive Anduril's internal quality management system to meet AS9100 requirements.  You will partner across the product development organization, production organization, and field operations organizations to continuously improve product quality at the various lifecycle phases of the product through the use of root cause analyses, corrective actions, and failure analyses.  This role will be dynamic and full of new engagement, challenges and opportunities.  If you are someone who has passion for the quality of their work, enjoys hands-on engagement with design engineering, production and vendors, possesses strong analytical skills and attention to detail, then this opportunity is for you! Your proactive problem-solving approach will be vital to our quality initiatives.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Own Calibration procedure and calibration of production assets along with dev. assets.
* Own 6S for the production and development areas.
* Reviewing Engineering drawings, manufacturing and inspection work instructions
* Verifying and inspecting incoming inspection of PCBAs, COTS and mechanical components.
* Ensuring non-conformance's and RCCA's are accurately controlled, documented and dispositioned
* Maintain quality records and support QMS requirements IAW AS9100
* Trending Quality metrics and performing/leading root cause analysis and corrective action
* Review PCB/PCBA schematics, layouts, assembly drawings, and create test documentation

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or similar technical field
* 2+ years of experience with PCBAs, electrical assemblies, or electronics manufacturing
* Experience working in AS9100 environment (Preferred)
* Ability to interpret PCB schematics, layouts, and BOMs along with Mechanical components drawings and BOMs.
* Familiarity with PCBA manufacturing processes and component-level troubleshooting
* Hands-on experience with test equipment (multimeter, oscilloscope, power supplies)
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Change Management, and Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)
* Working knowledge of electro-mechanical design and relevant manufacturing processes.
* Knowledge of ISO 9001 or AS9100 standard.
* Familiarity with IPC-A-600 & IPC-A-610 or standards is preferred.

#### 

US Salary Range

$98,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
