---
title: Talent Enablement Program Manager
status: archived
id: '5135969007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5135969007?gh_jid=5135969007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:26:24-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T17:13:00-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : TA Operations'
offices:
- Remote, Arizona
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

To empower Anduril's Talent Acquisition team, hiring managers, and interviewers with the essential knowledge, skills, and resources needed to consistently attract, assess, and hire top-tier talent. This role is critical for driving measurable improvements in recruiting effectiveness, hiring quality, and overall efficiency across the entire hiring lifecycle.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As **Talent Enablement Program Manager**, you will design, implement, and optimize critical programs and resources that empower our recruiters and hiring managers to scale talent efficiently, compliantly, and with high quality. The right person for this role has a strong background in learning & development, process optimization, thrives in a fast-paced environment and change management within a talent acquisition or HR context. If you are someone who can translate complex processes into clear, actionable playbooks, drive measurable increases in recruiter effectiveness and hiring manager confidence, and consistently reduce operational overhead through enablement strategies, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Enhanced Recruiter Proficiency:** Proactively identify training and resource gaps within the end-to-end applicant lifecycle through performance analysis and feedback. Then, design and deliver comprehensive training programs (e.g., advanced sourcing strategies, interviewing techniques, ATS proficiency, offer negotiation) that measurably enhance recruiter skills, efficiency, and their ability to successfully guide candidates through every stage of the hiring process.
* **Effective Hiring Manager & Interviewer Training:** Create and implement scalable learning paths, training and resources for hiring managers and interviewers, ensuring they are equipped with the skills for structured interviewing, effective assessment, and an outstanding candidate experience, leading to improved quality of hire.
* **Robust Knowledge Management:** Establish and maintain an easily accessible and up-to-date knowledge management system (e.g., playbooks, guides, templates, FAQs) that serves as a single source of truth for TA processes and best practices.
* **Continuous Learning & Development:** Foster a culture of continuous learning by facilitating workshops, brown bags, and other initiatives that keep the recruiting organization current on industry trends and best practices.
* **Seamless Tool Adoption:** Collaborate with the Systems Senior Manager to ensure effective training and smooth adoption of new TA tools and system updates, maximizing their utility and ROI.
* **Impact Measurement:** Define metrics and conduct evaluations to assess the effectiveness and impact of enablement programs, using feedback and data to drive continuous improvement and demonstrate value.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Organizational Development, Education, or a related field.
* 5+ years of experience in talent acquisition, HR training, or enablement roles, with a focus on adult learning principles and program management.
* Self-starter with proven ability to design, develop, and deliver engaging and effective training content for diverse audiences (recruiters, hiring managers).
* Strong understanding of UX/UI principles, HR as a Product, PMP, Six Sigma, and other program management areas.
* Strong project management skills, capable of managing multiple learning initiatives from conception to evaluation.
* Excellent communication, presentation, and facilitation skills.
* Experience with various learning methodologies, instructional design, and learning management systems (LMS).
* Analytical mindset with the ability to measure program effectiveness and derive insights for improvement.
* Experience working in a hyper growth, fast-paced, and outcomes focused environment.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Certification in Project Management (e.g., PMP, Agile), Instructional Design (e.g., CPTD), or HR (e.g., SHRM-CP, PHR).
* Experience with e-learning development tools and multimedia content creation.
* Background in a fast-paced technology or defense environment with high-volume recruiting.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
