---
title: Product Operations Technical Specialist, Bolt, Anvil and PES
status: archived
id: '5136570007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5136570007?gh_jid=5136570007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T00:39:41-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Product Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

#### **ABOUT THE ROLE**

As a Product Operations Technical Specialist, you will play a critical role in ensuring the reliability and mission readiness of Anduril’s autonomous Precision Engagement Systems: Anvil and Bolt. Anvil is a high-speed, autonomous interceptor designed to neutralize dangerous airborne threats with rapid fly-to-intercept and kinetic defeat capabilities, serving as a key component of layered Air Defense solutions. Bolt is a mid-sized, expeditionary loitering munition engineered to execute precision effects and ISR missions at the tactical edge, featuring modular payload architecture and seamless integration with the Lattice OS for unmatched mission adaptability. In this role, you will lead efforts to mitigate operational issues by resolving field failures, conducting root cause analysis, deploying fixes, and managing fleet-wide incidents. Combining strong operational experience with technical expertise, problem-solving acumen, and a passion for cutting-edge technology, you will collaborate across teams to optimize system reliability and empower end users with advanced autonomous capabilities critical to advancing national security.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead the sustainment of Anduril's Bolt and Anvil deployments by combining an understanding of our customers' missions with an operator's familiarity of our products and delivered capabilities.
* Triage, diagnose, and root cause product incidents, driving postmortem actions including providing status visibility through resolution. Then abstract incidents and optimize wider system and product reliability. This will include conducting log reviews and diagnostics, as well as utilizing Linux and command line tools for system management and issue resolution.
* Consistently assess and seek to improve the quality of the fleet's observability and health telemetry in partnership with multiple functions across the Precision Engagement Systems team.
* Collect, organize, and analyze system failure data to define trends, drive proactive sustainment processes, and support resource allocation.
* Support Anduril's global customers through proactive communications and detail-oriented execution. You will track and manage customer-facing incidents and concerns, ensuring timely response, mitigation, and communication of resolution.
* Support the evaluation and improvement of product capabilities, translating customer communication and feedback into actionable capability requirements, product performance indicators, and desired functionality.
* Maintain awareness of current product specifications and bridge the gap in understanding between technical and non-technical stakeholders, particularly between engineering teams and the warfighter.
* Communicate and coordinate technical and non-technical efforts across multiple business, engineering, and sustainment functions, influencing decision making and driving action to maximize capability availability for end users.
* Travel as required to support customer needs and operations.

#### Required Qualifications

* Demonstrated experience as a self-starter, able to find and resolve issues on your own.
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution.
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in operational environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the depth and breadth of a technical system.
* Daily practice of excellence and rigor - you execute the 100th rep of a process with the same focus and care as the first five reps.
* Proven leadership experience, with the ability to influence cross-functional teams and mentor junior personnel.
* Confident with navigating ambiguity and crafting new ways of doing things.
* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills.
* BA/BS with 5+ years of professional experience, or 8+ years of relevant operational experience in lieu of a degree.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret Security clearance; holding clearances or background investigations in the past is a plus.

#### Preferred Qualifications

* Prior combat arms, aviation, or ordnance-related military occupational specialty.
* Experience supporting and/or deploying UAS, especially as a DOD contractor or DOD end-user of Group 2/3 systems or loitering munitions.
* Direct experience with conventional ordnance systems, weaponeering, or employment of precision munitions.
* Familiarity with air defense principles, C-UAS kill chains, or joint air defense operations.
* Prior management or leadership experience in an operational or technical support environment.
* Experience defining and implementing sustainment and reliability processes for a defense-focused service or product.
* Experience supporting and/or performing incident driven workflows requiring analysis, triage, prioritization, and reporting.
* Experience in on-call support operations and working in limited risk tolerance environments.
* Experience leveraging data analytics to conduct trend analysis and inform business decisions.
* Experience with observability tooling such as Grafana and exposure to software development tooling such as Git and Jira.
* Willingness to work non-standard hours and weekends as needed.
* Defense and/or STEM background.

## 

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
