---
title: Manager, Development Testing (Drones)
status: archived
id: '5139009007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5139009007?gh_jid=5139009007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T09:09:52-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Dev Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced **Manager, Development Testing (Drones)** to lead all aspects of development test for Anduril’s drone programs. This critical leadership role encompasses managing personnel, projects, and advanced testing equipment to conduct comprehensive development, verification, and qualification testing of our drone platforms and subsystems. The Manager will be instrumental in defining testing strategies, ensuring compliance with aerospace and defense standards, mitigating risks, and upholding the highest standards of safety, reliability, and airworthiness throughout the product lifecycle.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Provide technical leadership and strategic oversight for the planning and execution of structural, dynamic, and environmental testing on drones.
* Direct and empower your team to lead complex test campaigns, including defining scope, allocating resources, approving test plans, overseeing test operations, facilitating data review, and guiding test equipment design/fabrication.
* Plan and schedule short- and long-term testing projects, ensuring efficient resource allocation, and risk capture aligned with product development milestones.
* Conduct final review and approval of all test documentation and reports, ensuring accuracy, integrity, and compliance with internal, client, and regulatory expectations.
* Provide technical guidance, conduct performance evaluations, and implement strategies for continuous improvement in team productivity, technical excellence, and professional growth.
* Manage team priorities, resource allocation, and project assignments to ensure alignment with organizational objectives.
* Serve as a primary point of contact for internal engineering (hardware, software, mechanical, avionics) and product teams, providing critical feedback on design for testability, reliability, and performance.
* Build strong relationships with external stakeholders, including vendors, partners, and regulatory bodies, ensuring clear communication and successful project outcomes.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years of experience in hardware development or test engineering, with at least 2+ years in a leadership or management capacity.
* Proven experience in hiring, mentoring, and developing high-performing engineering teams.
* Demonstrated ability to foster a safety-first culture in a demanding test environment.
* Expertise in engineering first principles and their application to complex system validation.
* Proficiency in at least one coding language (Python, Matlab, labview, etc.) for test automation and data analysis, with experience guiding team members in these tools.
* Familiarity with instrumentation and control components (accelerometers, load cells, thermocouples, pressure transducers, strain gauges, RTDs, and others) and experience guiding team members in their use and troubleshooting.
* Familiarity with industry-standard test guidance - MIL-STD-810, SMC-S-016, NASA GEVS, and experience driving compliance and best practices.
* BS, MS or PhD in an engineering discipline.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Deep understanding of drone architectures, avionics, flight control systems, propulsion, navigation, communications, and payload integration.
* Experience managing budgets, schedules, and resources for engineering projects.
* Demonstrated ability to strategically plan, manage, and deliver complex test programs from inception to completion.
* Experience with 3D modeling software and PLM (Siemens NX, Teamcenter, etc.) for reviewing test fixture designs and managing data.
* Experience in a fast-paced, high-growth R&D environment.
* Experience developing novel solutions to complex testing issues and advancing test capabilities.

US Salary Range

$132,000—$198,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
