---
title: Senior Systems Engineer, Battlespace
status: archived
id: '5143684007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5143684007?gh_jid=5143684007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T20:37:10-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T19:59:36-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness C2
  Systems'
offices:
- Broomfield, CO
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

At Anduril, our Battlespace Awareness Command and Control Software team specializes in solving complex, real-world problems through cutting-edge algorithms and intelligent software integrations. Operating in small, innovative teams, we push the boundaries of what's possible to deliver advanced technologies with mission-critical applications. Our commitment doesn't end with academic research or proof-of-concept experiments; we measure our success by the real-world impact of our deployed solutions. Inspired by Arthur C. Clarke's vision — "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" — we aim to achieve groundbreaking results in path planning, route optimization, and autonomous mission execution at the command and control layer. We are currently seeking highly talented technologists to join our mission and redefine the future of defense technology.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking to hire a Systems Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Waltham, MA. The Battlespace Awareness team develops tactical sense- and decision-making software that provides advanced capabilities for Anduril's command and control (C2) products. This software must work with various combinations of compute hardware, connected sensor/effector hardware, and supporting software services.  It must be effective, robust, and safe across various configurations, mission sets, and customer experiences. We need systems engineers who are capable of internalizing the nuances of these complex systems, and ensuring the technical success of an end-to-end solution.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

The Systems Engineer will support the design, development, and validation of advanced algorithmic capabilities including tracking, sensor/effector management, battlespace optimization, and threat forecasting.  This role bridges system design, requirements management, modeling and simulation (M&S), and verification & validation (V&V) activities.  You will integrate emerging capabilities into new products and system configurations.  You will lead requirements decomposition across cross-functional teams, defining success in the face of ambiguity. You will develop test plans, acceptance criteria, and analysis tools to evaluate system performance using both simulation and collected field data. You will use data-driven analysis to verify customer requirements are met, and create artifacts to trace performance as the system evolves  You will own systems end-to-end, bringing an ability to identify and solve problems between the seams and push through to reach an ultimate desired outcome.

* You will develop and implement sophisticated modeling and simulation frameworks to validate algorithmic performance, test system capabilities under various scenarios, and provide data-driven insights for continuous improvement
* Lead requirements decomposition across cross-functional teams, defining success in the face of ambiguity.
* Responsible for scoping ideal system laydown, scrutinizing system performance, and ensuring the deployed system is meeting customer requirements.
* Own systems end to end with the ability to identify and solve problems between the seams and push through to reach an ultimate outcome.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+years of hardware and software systems engineering experience. Degree in Engineering, Physics, Robotics, Mathematics, or a related field.
* Demonstrated use of model based systems engineering in program lifecycle. Experience with tools such as: JAMA, Cameo, Matlab, Simulink, AFSIM.
* Proficiency with programming languages such as Python for data parsing, modeling & simulation, data analysis, and visualization.
* Skilled in Statistics, AI/ML, Requirements, Testing, MBSE.
* Demonstrated proficiency in the application of engineering standards into engineering processes or requirements.
* Demonstrated experience collaborating across cross-functional teams.
* Ability to communicate complex technical findings clearly to developers, system leads, and customers.
* Comfortable working with ambiguity, evolving priorities, and challenging problems.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.
* Up to 25% travel to customer sites.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Familiarity with Linux OS.
* Familiarity with processes and constraints for real-time and safety-critical software.
* Working knowledge of C/C++ or Rust (coding full-time is not required but understanding is valuable)
* Understanding of the full software development lifecycle.
* Prior involvement in field exercises, test events, experimentation campaigns.
* Comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools.
* Previous experience in a defense, aerospace, or naval environment.
* Experience with any of the following: robotics, autonomous systems, radar, optics, computer vision, wireless communication, software defined radios, networking.
* Proficiency with Python and/or MATLAB for data parsing and data visualization.

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
