---
title: 'COMSEC Manager (People Manager), Intelligence Systems '
status: archived
id: '5143447007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5143447007?gh_jid=5143447007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T09:21:29-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

#### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking for a COMSEC Manager to join our rapidly growing ream in Santa Ana, CA. In this role, you will manage a team of COMSEC personal and provide strategic oversight and operational leadership across business functions ensuring seamless execution of company initiatives and alignment with overall business objectives. In addition to people management, you will be responsible for the day to day communications of classified environments at a variety of classification levels. Responsibilities include drafting policies, implement security procedures, review security practices, and evaluate the organization’s COMSEC program. A successful candidate will maintain and direct the receipt, custody, transfer, safeguarding, accounting, and destruction/disposition of the Communications Security key material. As the leader of a small but growing team, you will be expected to wholly own problem sets, develop solutions, and safeguard the communications security material for the organization as a whole.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

***People Management/Leadership Responsibilities***

* Lead day-to-day operations to ensure smooth and efficient business activities across departments.
* Develop and implement operational strategies that align with Anduril’s business objectives.
* Manage and mentor diverse teams, fostering a culture of collaboration and continuous improvement.
* Identify and build processes where none exist, and refine systems to enhance productivity.
* Build and maintain relationships with internal and external stakeholders.

***COMSEC Responsibilities***

* Conduct secure equipment (e.g., secure telephone and encryption devices) and classified keying material inventories, inspections and other COMSEC related support and oversight functions.
* Perform installation of secure telephone equipment (STE) and coordinate to deliver encryption device(s) and keying material to select Information Technology (IT) specialists maintaining classified networks.
* Administer a Top Secret inventory and document control program to account for COMSEC equipment and materials.
* Ensure proper physical security accreditation has been issued by designated Program Security Officers for supported facilities.
* Train personnel in COMSEC procedures and the use of related equipment.
* Oversee the secure handling, distribution, and destruction of COMSEC material.
* Courier classified information and author receipts for classified materials.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Leadership experience in general management or operations in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
* 5-7 years of experience in a Comsec Manager role.
* Familiar with COMSEC requirements and procedures to include the acquisition, maintenance, operations and disposition of COMSEC equipment.
* Completed the TRADOC-approved Key Management Infrastructure (KMI) course and the COMSEC Account Manager Course (CAMC).
* Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and the appropriate ICDs/JAFANs/DOD Manuals and other guiding policy documents.
* Experience with Modern Fill Devices (MFD) or Simple Key Loader (SKL).
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain at least an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.
* Eligibility for access to Special Access Programs.
* 20-40% Travel required to support multiple geographic locations.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with the Communications Security Logistics Activity (CSLA), Information System Security Program Application (ISSPA), and COMSEC Automated Registration System (CARS).
* Experience with crypto evaluation reports and maintaining matrices of crypto items / keys.
* Experience with KMI Operating Account (KOA) Agents (KOAAs).

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
