---
title: Security Business Partner, Frontier Systems
status: archived
id: '5143001007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5143001007?gh_jid=5143001007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T13:31:58-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'AFS : AIS Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Frontier Systems is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized hardware and software products for Department of War and Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the DoW and IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**

* The Security Business Partner for Anduril Frontier Systems Division will serve as the primary strategic security partner and embedded lead for the Frontiers Division, collaborating directly with the Division Head of Operations and leadership team to integrate security as a core enabler of mission objectives and business growth. Drive early security engagement in all new business pursuits, bid/no-bid decisions, and proposal development for the Frontiers Division, accurately interpreting complex customer and contractual security requirements.
* Provide strategic guidance, mentorship, and direct oversight to the dedicated security team supporting the Anduril Frontiers Division’s suite of programs by fostering professional development and ensuring consistent application of security policies and best practices across all assigned programs and initiatives. As this role provides security support to programs operating at multiple classification levels, it is essential that the candidate have a strong understanding of multiple security disciplines and requirements spanning from collateral to SAP/SCI. But most importantly, we are looking for candidates who excel at translating business goals and needs into a best-in-class security architecture and serving as a partner to the Division.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Partner with the Industrial/Special Programs security team, Classified IT, Facilities and other relevant stakeholders to integrate security best practices and procedures into all facets of program operations and initiatives.
* Must have the ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with multiple DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners.
* Translate ambiguous or complex security requirements into clear, actionable, and resourced plans for the division's programs, facilitating their efficient execution and ensuring strict adherence to all relevant regulations.
* Anticipate evolving government security policies, procedures, and threat landscapes to preempt security challenges and ensure continuous compliance and operational readiness for the division's advanced technological programs.
* Ensure the integration of security into system design, infrastructure planning, and product development from the outset (not as a downstream function).

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 12+ years of related Security experience.
* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent Industry experience.
* Security Fundamentals Professional Certification (SFPC), SAP Mid-Level or similar certification.
* Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Ability to navigate ambiguity, and work autonomously to solve problems.
* You are a forever learner and intellectually curious. You do not get stuck in ‘one way’ of doing things and are constantly evolving ways of execution that align to drive the best mission outcome.
* You are mission oriented and will work creatively to get the job done - even if that means coming up with new creative ways of executing and straying from ‘standard’.
* Solid understanding of DoDM 5205.07, ICD-705, 32 CFR Part 117, and IC related guidance.
* Experience working in a fast-moving, dynamic environment with multiple government customers and program management.
* Able to meet timelines and prioritize demands effectively.
* Be a self-starter possessing a high degree of originality, and initiative requiring minimal supervision.
* Willingness to travel in support of Business Unit initiatives.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
