---
title: Program Analyst
status: archived
id: '5147424007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147424007?gh_jid=5147424007
lastmod: '2026-06-23T11:13:19-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T09:09:52-04:00'
location: Broomfield, Colorado, United States; Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Radar'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (Denrose)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

#### Anduril is a fast paced, high-tech company with deep expertise in cutting-edge information science. We are seeking a Program Analyst to work with our technical Program Managers and Contracts Management Team. The Program Analyst will play a pivotal role in helping Anduril manage its wide variety of government defense contracts and other business and administrative contracts. Working with existing technical team managers, your goal is to ensure not only successful contractual planning, but to also ensure that contract deliverables are delivered correctly and on time.

### ABOUT THE JOB

#### This position will have exposure to a wide variety of program planning, organization, and compliance activities. Reporting to the technical Program Director, you will strengthen and develop your business knowledge and expertise by being a part of a fast-growing company that delivers technology solutions to government and industry customers. Preferred candidates will have a strong background in contract administration; project management; a willingness to learn; be a team player and be able to adapt to the changing needs of a fast-paced technology business.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Planning:** Developing project plans, timelines, and budgets to support compliance with customer contracts and any subcontracts. Track spending and any associated funding limitations.
* **Organizing:** Creating a plan for contract implementation, assigning tasks, and coordinating with team members on roles and responsibilities. Implement collaborative tools to allow team members to efficiently support contracts.
* **Guidance:** Ensuring team is complying with legal guidance in executing contract deliverables and milestones. Ensure deliverables and milestones are delivered in a timely manner consistent with legal guidance.
* **Monitoring and Controlling:** Tracking progress, monitoring compliance, and assisting in implementing corrective actions in contract performance. Maintain records of compliance with contract milestones and deliverables.
* **Communication:** Keeping internal stakeholders informed, managing expectations, and resolving issues.
* **Risk Management:** Identifying, assessing, and mitigating potential risks in contract performance in collaboration with legal and the program manager.
* **Contract Closure:** Ensuring the project is completed successfully, all deliverables are finalized, and necessary close-out activities completed.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration or related field with a record of academic accomplishment
* Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
* Strong analytical abilities, with a high detail orientation and commitment to quality
* Ability to operate well in a highly regulated business environment
* Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment
* Commitment to excellence and continuous improvement
* Willingness to learn and apply federal regulations and contract requirements (FAR, DFARS, CAS, ITAR, EAR, etc.)
* Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in project management, including proficiency with Microsoft Project and Adobe Pro
* Experience in federal government contracts, data requirements, and delivery forms
* Knowledge of federal procurement processes and practices, including FAR and DFARS

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
