---
title: Senior Power Electronics Engineer (10kW+)
status: archived
id: '5147753007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147753007?gh_jid=5147753007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T13:01:57-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services : Hardware Engineering Services'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking an experienced Electrical Engineering to lead electrical power subsystems development. Looking for a self-starter with technical experience in defense, aerospace, industrial or electrification industries to apply these skills in power conversion, especially DC/DC and DC/AC conversion. This individual will be responsible for electrical design, test and integration, from concept to production, while ensuring alignment with strategic business goals. The engineer could also be involved in managing key vendor relationships, and ensuring performance and reliability in our cutting-edge technologies.What You’ll Do

#### WHAT **YOU'LL DO:**

* Serve as a subject matter expert for power conversion activities within your program(s) work.
* Collaborate with mechanical engineers to optimize selection, design and integration of high power components and interconnection.
* Create organized and intuitive block diagrams and/or schematics for power electronic systems.
* Trade-off component selections against size, weight and power requirements.
* Collaborate with design team to achieve reliability goals at a system level in context of concepts of operation.

#### **REQUIRED** QUALIFICATIONS:

* BS in Electrical Engineering or related discipline.
* 5+ years of experience in electrical engineering specializing in power electronics, switch-mode topologies, and feedback controls.
* Proven capability to design, build & test high voltage, high power designs.
* Designing and developing power electronics, especially DC/DC converter and inverters in the tens of kW to MW range.
* Strong knowledge of control theory and implementation.
* Experience working in military or aerospace industries with a strong background in MIL-STD-461, 464, 810, DO-160 compliance, or similar industrial/automotive standards.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* MS/PhD in relevant discipline with a focus in power electronics
* Embedded software for control of inverters and/or other power electronics
* Experienced with Wide Bandgap Semiconductors
* Familiarity with Altium Designer
* Design-for-Reliability, including DFMEA
* Design/test for EMI compatibility

US Salary Range

$146,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
