---
title: Production Coordinator
status: archived
id: '5148403007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148403007?gh_jid=5148403007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T13:19:02-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Production Coordinatorto join our rapidly growing team in Quonset Point, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for organizing and coordinating all aspects within production. You will work on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible. The Production Coordinator is responsible resource planning, documentation, communicating with multiple stakeholders, problem solving and more! If you are a detail-oriented self starter interested in supporting a team in a fast paced startup environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Monitor, track, and move parts as required through the production flow to ensure timely delivery to the next production location
* Coordinate physical movement of parts through receiving inspection, stock rooms, purchasing, production resources or any applicable work center within Anduril
* Ensure parts are handled and protected properly and within Anduril specifications
* Work with the planning, procurement, engineering, and production teams to ensure MRP/ERP data is and remains clean and accurate
* Assist with resolution of incorrect system data which is driving inappropriate demand, schedules, or could result in general failure
* Analyze available data and develop metrics for the production team to drive optimal results
* Work with production personnel to ensure metric goals are understood
* Develop and maintain reports to highlight needs, deliverables, and constraints as required for internal and customer use
* Communicate part status and estimated completion dates to leadership weekly
* Communicate blockers and assist in root causing piece part shortages in the factory
* Support logistics process through innovative staging of workflow as required
* Assist production leadership and project teams with action item updates as required
* Support management of material certifications as required; prevent use of un-certified materials
* Work with production supervisors and managers to ensure all metrics driven action requirements are completed
* Support production and inventory personnel with "return to stock" and inventory purge actions
* Support purchase requisition creation for scheduled contract work as required
* Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 4+ years of experience in a manufacturing, shipping, or logistics environment
* 3+ years of experience supporting administrative processes
* Experience with MRP/ERP/MES (Netsuite, Oracle or equivalent systems)
* Strong computer skills, familiar with the full suite of MS Office products
* Able to lift 50 lbs. unassisted
* Able to stand for extended periods – 8 hours minimum
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience handling parts in a manufacturing setting
* Tableau, Confluence, SQL or any reporting feature experience
* Experience in aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic manufacturing environments.
* Inventory experience

US Hourly Range

$32—$42 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
