---
title: Senior Director of Talent Acquisition, Production
status: archived
id: '5148589007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148589007?gh_jid=5148589007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T14:28:12-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : MFG Recruiting'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **WHY WE'RE HERE:** Anduril’s Talent Acquisition Team works as an embedded partner with our major Divisions and Business Lines. We are looking for an experienced Talent Acquisition Leader to take ownership of the strategy and execution of production recruiting across the company. You will be asked to become an expert on the business' you support, responsible for overseeing the hiring roadmap and recruitment process for all production and production functions across Anduril's business lines. You will inherit and grow a distributed team of recruiters, identifying staffing needs to attract top-tier talent from all walks of life, while ensuring a smooth candidate experience. As a key member of Anduril's Recruiting Leadership team, you will work closely with Division Leaders, Department Heads and People Partners to ensure consistency across Talent Acquisition, while building effective and objective sourcing and selection methods to scale a workforce that is aligned with our company culture and mission. **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Partner with Talent Leadership to deliver timely updates to your division leads in customer-facing meetings - reporting on progress to plan, challenges and solutions for rapid iteration/mitigation where applicable
* Deliver a targeted talent map and associated sourcing strategy that defines the relevant talent profiles within your division and translates them into external target packages for sourcing and recruiting pipelines to drive long-term talent cultivation for Anduril
* Refine our current interview process for production teams within the division, iterating from our baseline and incorporating appropriate nuance, while maintaining the core attributes that have enabled us to get to where we are today
* Effectively Manage a team of recruiting leads and managers, setting appropriate goals, standards and culture to deliver division-wide hiring plan on time and in budget
* Take 100% ownership of production hiring by proactively partnering with key leaders to design and build recruiting strategy and reporting necessary to inform and execute your teams goals
* Engage in a high level of partnership with People/HRBPs and Staffing Ops as it relates to headcount planning, management and retention - including acting as the primary owner for systems inputs and accurate timelines against additional headcount adds throughout the year
* Partner with the executive recruiting team on leadership positions within production

## **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A minimum of 12+ years of experience in talent acquisition with at least 5 years in a leadership role in a fast-paced, high-growth production environment
* Experience managing teams of 20+ recruiters focused on the delivery of time-sensitive candidate pipelines (both technical, non-technical, and production operations)
* Proven track record of developing and executing successful talent acquisition strategies within the production sector
* Strong understanding of recruitment processes and candidate selection methods tailored to production and corporate roles
* Excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills
* Familiarity with Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) and HR databases (Greenhouse + Gem preferred)
* Knowledge of employment laws and regulations (experience with production labor standards and international hiring is a plus)
* Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic production environment
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think analytically while breaking down complex problems into simple solutions
* Experience analyzing recruitment metrics and data to assess performance, identify trends, and make data-driven decisions for continuous improvement
* Ensure compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations related to hiring and recruiting
* Must be a U.S. Person because of required access to U.S. export-controlled information.

## **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience working with government contractors, DOD agencies, and IC agencies
* Experience hiring candidates with U.S. security clearances
* Experience managing geographically distributed teams

US Salary Range

$253,000—$336,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
