---
title: Director Business Development - Advanced Effects NAVSEA
status: archived
id: '5148552007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148552007?gh_jid=5148552007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T14:56:56-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T13:08:43-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Air Dominance & Strike Capture'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Business Development (BD) team, with the Air Dominance and Strike Division, is responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing new opportunities and capabilities for the company. BD team members serve as the bridge between clients and the broader Anduril team; they convey client perspectives to other teams across the enterprise while also serving as the Anduril brand ambassador externally. They partner extensively with the broader division team, to include engineering and program management, to ensure that Anduril products exceed client expectations and mission demands, and to drive continuous product improvements in response to client needs.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Advanced Effects Business Line is looking for a high initiative, collaborative individual to join the team as the NAVSEA Advanced Effects lead for the Air Dominance and Strike Division. This person will have ownership and responsibility for shaping and capturing air launched advanced effects primarily with the US Navy, NAVSEA, and International Partners.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Generate and capture NAVSEA Advanced Effects opportunities. The BD team is ultimately responsible for growing revenue. Specifically, this role will focus on building business for Anduril’s Advanced Effects business line. Success will be achieved by developing a deep understanding of the existing and prospective customer base, knowing the current or planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, and being cognizant of the competitive landscape. This expertise will inform capture strategies, revenue forecasts, and aid in technology development plans. Tactically, you will manage continuous engagements with current and future clients, generate growth strategies, and monitor buying cycles for opportunities, and lead specific proposal and capture efforts.
* Develop capture strategies. Provide cohesive business plans and execution models that outline acquisition plans, create clear alignment to investment strategies, and drive towards program of record execution. Success will be achieved by engaging key stakeholders to shape requirements, identifying and securing relevant funding, and developing compelling win themes and supplier strategies for competitive captures.
* Drive product development and program transition. Anduril thrives by developing new technologies for our clients’ pressing operational challenges. This demands delivering nascent concepts to clients shaping early design of experiment, study, and collaborative research and development that enable the road map toward ACAT 1 programs. Internally, you are charged with translating client problem sets back into our engineering organization, identifying key milestones, and proactively providing clear communications to appropriate levels of the company. Your assessment of clients’ needs will inform new product decisions, and your ongoing engagement with clients will yield crucial input that helps Anduril ensure our product suite is best-in-class.
* Grow existing business. While the primary role will be shaping and capturing new business, a successful candidate will represent the entire Advanced Effects business line. You will partner with execution teams and product engineers to grow business with current clients. This does not simply include expanding upon current work, but also leveraging existing partnerships to explore new areas of work or opportunities by sustaining and building upon the strong foundation of those client relationships.
* Communicate our value to clients. BD team members represent Anduril to a broad audience: clients, partners, competitors, and the interested public. You must project the company’s ethos, conveying insights that illustrate our approach to building next-generation defense technology and our competitive edges in doing so.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum 10 years experience in leading or supporting creation, requirements definition, acquisition strategy, and/or shaping and capture of Navy weapons programs
* Prior experience working with US Navy program offices / customers. Deep understanding of the NAVSEA customer community, requirements process, and operational needs.
* Prior experience working with technical partners / engineering teams.
* Strong understanding with missile systems within Naval surface domain, across a variety of roles and missions.
* Excellent writing and communication skills with experience presenting to senior executives and government stakeholders,
* Ability to travel 50% – 75% required.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong technical background, including STEM degree.
* High sense of personal ownership and is able to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Demonstrated ability to lead and influence people through both formal and informal constructs and in situations where there is lack of clarity across teams
* Currently possesses an active U.S. Secret or Top Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
