---
title: Head of Production, Imaging
status: archived
id: '5149220007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5149220007?gh_jid=5149220007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T10:39:03-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Manufacturing Leadership'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
The Imaging Business Line, within Mission Systems Division, is responsible for tackling the most difficult problems involving computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data. The team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software. Imaging products are deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Imaging team is based in Lexington and Waltham, Massachusetts.  
  
We are seeking a Senior Director to coordinate all of our production operations across a variety of objectives and locations. The Head of Production owns short to mid-term strategic development and execution, operational direction, career pathing, and vision for a product or suite of Anduril products. Your job will be to provide consistent, flawless execution for a variety of products and programs.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Own all Production outcomes such as, ramp plan, NPI, Headcount, etc.
* Drive all people and resources to drive all production outcomes.
* Serve as both a strategic leader and tactical do-er for Anduril’s rapidly growing production operations for a product or suite of products.
* Hold cross functional teams accountable to meeting demands, deadlines and goals to deliver the production on time and within budget.
* Drive Production, Supply Chain, and Quality, teams to build and execute upon Anduril’s 5-year strategic vision to become a next-generation aerospace and defense manufacturer, capable of full rate production.
* Deliver production outcomes as the products mature from production development to full rate production.
* Build strong partnerships with Engineering, Deployment Operations, and Program Management to execute success.
* Mature products from low rate prototypes to full rate production by driving processes and systems as needed throughout the product development lifecycle.
* Establish and manage team to financial, quality, and on-time delivery KPIs to understand how our manufacturing operations are impacting our business.
* Advise on development and oversee implementation of digital technologies, from PLM and ERP to our custom MES and QMS systems, that enable our production operations to efficiently scale while meeting customer requirements.
* Be accountable to AS9100D guidelines.
* Be a partner to Anduril’s SVP of Manufacturing for Manufacturing strategy.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Minimum 10 years in a Production leadership role within the hardware development industry with a track record of successfully scaling products from prototype to full rate production on the order of 1000s.
* Strong ability to work cross-functionally in an unstructured, ambiguous environment. Startup experience strongly preferred.
* Experience with discrete production operations in a deeply technical industry such as aerospace, consumer electronics, medical, or automotive. Process manufacturing experience also a plus.
* Must have owned a new product ramp through full rate production.
* 10 + years of experience managing a P&L in a Production environment.
* Experience managing workforce of at least 120 employees across quality, supply chain, manufacturing engineering and technicians.
* Relentless drive for continuous improvement and solving high impact business problems through highly leveraged process, business systems, and data.
* Strong outcome orientation with the ability to drive initiatives from inception to implementation and adoption. Willing and able to dive into tactical execution mode when needed to move the effort forward.
* Ability to work with engineering on a highly technical level.
* Positive and inspirational leader with the demonstrated ability to assess, attract and retain high-quality talent and build high-performing teams.
* Sophisticated interpersonal ability to earn credibility, influence others, change minds, and advise across diverse environments and personalities.
* Demonstrated strategic thinking abilities and the ability to see around corners.
* Strong problem solving and analytic skills with the ability to understand how problems and their solutions fit with the wider organization and its operations.
* Bachelor of Science or higher degree in a technical discipline preferred, not required.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$292,000—$386,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
