---
title: Technical Security Systems Architecture Manager
status: archived
id: '5150568007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5150568007?gh_jid=5150568007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T17:24:21-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T19:42:10-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Security'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Technical Security (TechSec) team at Anduril leads the charge in protecting our people, assets, and innovations. We design and implement cutting-edge security solutions that integrate physical and digital measures, leveraging AI and autonomous systems to stay ahead of evolving threats. Our mission is to create a secure environment that enables Anduril's transformative work in defense technology. We're not just responding to security challenges – we're anticipating and solving them, ensuring Anduril's continued growth and innovation in a complex global landscape.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Manager of Technical Security Systems Architecture will play a crucial role in designing, implementing, and maintaining cutting-edge security systems for Anduril's facilities and operations. Reporting to the Director of Corporate Security, this position requires a highly skilled professional with a strong background in security technology, IT, project management, and system integration. The ideal candidate will have the ability to bridge the gap between security requirements and technological solutions, ensuring the highest level of protection for Anduril's assets and personnel. Your expertise will ensure the integrity, efficiency, and continuous improvement of our security systems to protect company assets and personnel.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead the strategic planning and operational management of all physical security hardware and systems, including access control, CCTV, and visitor management.
* Develop and implement policies and procedures for the installation, configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of security infrastructure.
* Conduct regular system audits and risk assessments to identify potential vulnerabilities and implement corrective actions.
* Collaborate with IT and cybersecurity teams to ensure a cohesive approach to physical and information security.
* Stay current with industry trends and emerging technologies, recommending enhancements to our security infrastructure.
* Provide leadership and direction to the security systems team, including team leadership, project oversight, and performance management.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Electrical Engineering, Security Management, or a related technical field; or equivalent practical experience.
* Minimum of 8 years of progressive experience in security systems infrastructure, with at least 5 years in a lead technical or supervisory role focused on design, implementation, and management of complex physical security systems (ACS, VMS, IDS).
* Demonstrated expertise with major security system platforms (i.e., Genetec, LenelS2, Milestone, CCure 9000, Hirsch/Identiv, Bosch).
* Deep understanding of network infrastructure principles (TCP/IP, VLANs, ACLs) as they apply to security systems.
* Understanding of scalable hybrid Windows architecture
* Understanding of IT security principles and identity management

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with cloud-based and on-prem access control and VMS solutions
* Experience in defense, aerospace, or other secured facilities
* Knowledge of NISPOM, and other relevant security regulations
* Proven experience ensuring compliance with government regulations and standards such as 32 CFR Part 117 (NISPOM) and ICD-705.
* Familiarity with biometric authentication systems

US Salary Range

$166,000—$200,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
