---
title: Workplace Manager
status: archived
id: '5154917007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5154917007?gh_jid=5154917007
lastmod: '2026-07-15T12:19:17-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T18:55:27-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Workplace Operations team is seeking an Associate Workplace Manager to join us. The Workplace Operations team is responsible for overseeing and maintaining the operational aspects of a work environment to ensure efficiency, productivity, and a positive work experience and reports through the Director of Facilities.   
  
As an Associate Workplace Manager, you will assist in developing and managing the operations of a world class facilities program. The right candidate will have strong analytical ability, exceptional communication skills, ability to build business partnerships with third party providers and ability to resolve challenging problems with minimal oversight.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is a rapidly growing company seeking an experienced and dynamic individual to join our team as an Associate Workplace Manager. As a key player in our organization, you will be responsible for supporting our facilities in Quonset, RI focusing on internal office operation functions that contribute to the overall success of Anduril. The job can range widely in duties and responsibilities like managing vendors, owning the floor plan, and management of the facility and employee population. No two days will look alike and no task is too small, as you hold the highest bar for execution. You play a pivotal role in creating an efficient, productive, and employee-friendly work environment, contributing to the overall success of Anduril.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Direct and manage the comprehensive operations strategy for the office, including by guiding Production, R&D, Business Development, IT, and senior leadership support functions.
* Analyze and resolve complex office-related challenges by determining and implementing solutions that align with organizational objectives and budget parameters, while fostering a positive and productive work environment.
* Develop and execute space utilization strategies and office planning initiatives by determining workspace configurations, departmental allocations, and expansion requirements based on current operations and projected growth trajectories.
* Manage all office maintenance requests, repair requests, and preventative maintenance schedules, ensuring issues are resolved swiftly.
* Supervise vendor relationships for all office-related services by selecting vendors, negotiating contract terms, and evaluating vendor performance.
* Supervise and deliver workplace-related projects, ensuring alignment with scope, budget, and timelines.
* Design and implement employee engagement programs and external client events, ensuring alignment with budget and business objectives.
* Design and implement office supply and equipment management programs by determining inventory parameters and approving purchasing decisions consistent with operational needs.
* Develop and deliver clear communication to employees about workplace updates, changes, and improvements, ensuring transparency and alignment.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years of related experience supporting startup or aerospace.
* You have strong organizational and time management skills.
* You work through moderately complex or routine challenges that require evaluating different factors.
* You use sound judgement to decide on next steps, and apply existing knowledge to support problem-solving and analysis, with minimal direction needed for new assignments.
* Your communication skills are strong both verbally and written.
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility.
* You’re an independent worker who can work with ambiguity and drive to outcomes with minimal oversight.
* You have a strong attention to detail and an attitude of 100% compliance with all company and regulatory requirements.
* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way.
* Up to 25% travel to New England offices.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Previously worked at a fast-paced tech company or rapidly growing manufacturer.
* Experience managing day-to-day operations and projects.

If you are a proactive, detail-oriented individual with a passion for creating efficient and employee-friendly work environments, we invite you to apply for this exciting opportunity to contribute to the success of Anduril. Join us on our mission transforming the future of defense.

US Salary Range

$74,000—$99,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
