---
title: 'Supply Planner '
status: archived
id: '5155416007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155416007?gh_jid=5155416007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T09:18:23-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T09:18:22-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Supply Chain'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM:**

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The team is heavily involved in utilizing computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data to give our war fighters and allies an advantage.

### **ABOUT THE JOB:**

Anduril’s Supply Chain team is seeking a Supply Planner to join our team. The Supply Chain team is responsible for planning and sourcing of materials to support rapidly iterating and building of cutting-edge defense hardware. The Material Planner will have material flow responsibility spanning the entire value chain from raw materials through finished goods shipped to customers. They will have full ownership of certain assemblies and product lines, and will be ultimately responsible for sending the correct signals to Purchasing and Manufacturing on what and when to buy or build. This hire will be instrumental in signaling and forecasting accurate supply, planning inventory levels, and ensuring that Anduril supports its hardware requirements via Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software and other associated tools. The right person for this role can demonstrate past holistic ownership on solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built and shipped under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you. 

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Work alongside the Demand Planning team to develop supply plans which solve wholistic material supply needs for the business.
* Manage execution to the supply plan with Procurement which ensures stock level targets are maintained
* Collaborate with Procurement to ensure component availability and production scheduling aligns with availability
* Proactively identify and escalate material shortages to purchasing and production teams (in clear-to-build)
* Partner with cross-functional teams to prioritize supply allocations
* Work cross-functionally with the Engineering team to provide visibility into material coverage on component changes
* Manage Consumables Inventory and ensure stocked to support Production
* Develop and maintain processes for working within MRP and the associated master data

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 5+ years past experience in a fast-paced manufacturing environment in either a supply chain or production-type role where complex mechanical and/or electrical assemblies were built
* 3+ years' experience in Supply Planning
* Demonstrated ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, coordinating among multiple different internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
* Prior knowledge of Oracle or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Ability to demonstrate a willingness to take on substantial responsibility across supply chain, logistics, engineering, and material planning functions with a bias towards speed and accuracy
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree or higher in Supply Chain Management, Logistics, Operations Management, Business Administration, Industrial Engineering, or a closely related field
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing and/or Continuous Improvement and Six Sigma principles in action

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
