---
title: Software Engineer, Second Shift
status: archived
id: '5155567007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155567007?gh_jid=5155567007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T15:00:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T14:59:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : ArsenalOS'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are looking for a Full Stack Senior Software Engineer to join the ArsenalOS team. As a Full Stack Senior Software Engineer on ArsenalOS you will be architecting and implementing mission-critical solutions that enforce lean business process, add multiplicative leverage to Anduril employees, and scale Anduril into a next-generation defense prime.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

As a member of ArsenalOS you will be an integral part of building out Forge, Anduril’s custom supply chain, manufacturing, and deployment mission execution software. We spend time on the factory floor, then provide solutions for the issues the factory faces.

The ideal candidate will have expertise in developing custom software solutions that optimize production processes, analyze manufacturing data, and drive industry-changing improvements. They should be proficient in programming languages relevant to web development and industrial applications, have experience with data analytics and visualization, and understand the principles of modern manufacturing. The ability to translate complex manufacturing challenges into elegant software solutions is crucial, as is a passion for pushing the boundaries of what's possible in industrial technology. This role requires a mix of technical prowess, creative problem-solving, and the vision to see how software can reshape manufacturing practices across the industry.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Own and deliver features for Forge, Anduril’s production platform.
* Level up our team’s applications through quality code contribution and writing tests.
* Leverage frontier AI tooling for development, and contribute to our local Forge harness.
* Partner with the factory floor to enable high rate build of Roadrunner, Fury, and other Anduril products.
* Join an on-call rotation for Forge support of the production floor.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with systems architecture, software product and design, factory systems, and production digital tools.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience in a software engineering role building products, ideally in a fast-paced environment.
* Ability to work second shift
* Have an area of deep expertise in one or more portions of full stack web development (i.e. backend, frontend, integration).
* Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree.
* Experience working with large enterprise applications and platforms with high availability requirements.
* Proficiency with web-based technologies such as Javascript, React, Typescript, and web frameworks such as React or NextJS.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in hyper growth startup-like environments, with demonstrated successes in scaling and maturing software development processes, team culture and methods, and ability to balance short-term and long-term trade offs.
* Understanding of three letter acronyms such as ERP, MES, WMS, CRM, etc.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret Security clearance.
* Experience in manufacturing industries with hands on experience on assembly lines.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
