---
title: R&D Engineering Technician
status: archived
id: '5155341007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155341007?gh_jid=5155341007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T14:20:51-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T12:35:45-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Engineering Technicians'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

In this role, you will collaborate closely with development and test engineers to create and evaluate innovative optical systems for various platforms, including airborne, maritime, and space applications. You will be responsible for fabricating high-quality electro-mechanical assemblies and managing the rapid prototyping process, ensuring all projects are executed efficiently and effectively. Additionally, your expertise in troubleshooting and assembly will be crucial as you oversee internal prototyping resources and support external testing initiatives.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Work closely with development and test engineers to build and test new optical systems for airborne, maritime and space platforms
* Fabricate and assemble high quality, high reliability and electro-mechanical assemblies.
* Develop and implement integration and test fixtures; setup and use existing test equipment, monitor, and report the results.
* Own internal prototyping resources, including mechanical and electrical fabrication equipment
* Manage R+D space from a facilities and organizational standpoint
* Travel to external laboratories and test sites as needed.

#### **QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Minimum 4 years experience as a technician working on complex electro-mechanical assemblies
* Ability to work through R&D tasks with limited oversight (evaluate, design, order materials, execute)
* Experience with building and troubleshooting cables and wiring harnesses.
* Familiar and comfortable with soldering, crimping, assembling cables and connectors
* Basic electrical understanding (able to calculate voltage drop, size wire based on amperage, Ohm's Law, etc.)
* Ability to take ownership of entire rapid prototyping process from start to finish
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience with the alignment and characterization of optical systems
* Experience with 3D printing for prototyping a plus
* Experience operating manual machine tools (milling machine, lathe)
* Experience with test and measurement equipment (Instron, CMM, optical comparator, etc.)
* Familiarity with Mechanical and Electrical Software tools (Solidworks, Altium) and scripting/automation languages (Matlab, Python, Labview)

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
