---
title: Senior Manager, Army Mission Operations
status: archived
id: '5157968007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5157968007?gh_jid=5157968007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T16:26:01-04:00'
location: Fort Bragg, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for time sensitive decisions, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.  
  
The Mission Operations (MOPs) team is responsible for managing the execution, growth, and success of our customer accounts. Working across product, engineering, sales, and logistics teams, our Mission Operations Engineers own the customer relationships and develop, plan, and deploy Anduril products in support of their missions. They work side-by-side with customers to understand their specific problem sets and then shape Anduril’s offerings alongside our engineering teams to fit the mission needs. Because the problems we solve are uniquely challenging, our Mission Operations Engineers naturally gravitate toward finding solutions and are adept at navigating organizational hurdles. They are ultimately responsible for customer and mission success and therefore play a critical role in the shaping and future of Anduril Industries.  
  
**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
  
You will lead a team of Mission Operations Engineers, engaging directly with Corps and Division Commanders and supporting staff for the Army’s Next Generation Command & Control (NGC2) program and associated Army programs and Anduril products. You’ll be tasked with designing and delivering customer solutions, and need to be capable of objectively translating complex technical principles into compelling operational outcomes. Your team will orchestrate deployments, train end-users, and shape products by representing critical mission needs to engineering teams.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive NGC2 engagement from the bottom-up
* Lead ongoing fielding and delivery of NGC2 for Army formations. Establish relationships with action officer and staff leaders at each customer site responsible for operationalizing NGC2 across unit
* Represent voice of the customer to inform Mission Command product priorities
* Manage near-term (<6-month) NGC2 product roadmap based on exercise requirements and operational opportunities
* Surface user feedback, use cases, or feature improvements and populate product roadmap/backlog with those deliverables
* Continuously validate delivered solutions via operational exercises and day-to-day end-user acceptance testing
* Enforce sub-contractor and partner accountability for technical delivery across NGC2 customers
* Serve as delivery leadership for major exercise events, leading coordination across broader Delivery/Engineering team when additional support is required
* Identify, triage, and contextualize opportunities for other Anduril products through on-the-ground engagement and understanding of customer problems
* Develop and maintain metrics of performance for Anduril products and how those products improve soldier effectiveness

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Proven leadership managing complex programs and teams, preferably in the defense or tech space
* Understanding of U.S. and allied military operations, doctrines, and multi-domain environments
* Strong strategic, tactical, and program oversight skills with a demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams
* Exceptional interpersonal and stakeholder management skills
* Experience translating and decomposing highly technical concepts into operational requirements and performance specifications
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Must be willing to travel as necessary (25-50%)
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in Defense Technology Product/Program Management, Solutions Architect, or Customer Success type roles
* Experience and familiarity with Army intelligence, operational planning, targeting, and fires systems and workflows
* Familiarity with doctrinal, functional, and technical command and control concepts, processes, and principles
* Secret Clearance and above strongly preferred

US Salary Range

$165,000—$218,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
