---
title: Quality Control Supervisor
status: archived
id: '5158923007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5158923007?gh_jid=5158923007
lastmod: '2026-06-11T19:38:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T17:22:44-04:00'
location: Tustin, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Quality Control : Production Operations'
offices:
- Tustin, CA (OC-55)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a Quality Supervisor, you will be instrumental in supporting the Quality Inspection Manager by leading and developing a team of quality control inspectors whose performance meets and exceeds the execution requirements. Your focus will be on the tactical execution of inspection processes, including receiving and in-process inspections, to ensure the delivery of safe, high-quality, and reliable products. This role requires a strong understanding of quality control standards, geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T), calibrated measurement equipment, data systems utilization, and advanced product quality planning (APQP). If you are passionate about building robust quality processes, developing talent, and driving accountability for results, this position is for you.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead and mentor a team of quality inspectors, ensuring the consistent delivery of quality performance for various product lines.
* Train team members on work instructions, procedures, and hands-on inspection techniques, maintaining accurate training records.
* Develop and maintain quality control standards, ensuring their consistent application through effective staff training.
* Author and update standard operating procedures (SOPs) related to inspection and quality control processes.
* Drive through ambiguities and uncertainties in inspection methods, inspection order execution, and planning to provide inspectors with tactical guidance and direction for execution.
* Collect and statistically analyze data to inform decision-making and identify areas for improvement.
* Manage and align resources to support various inspection operations, including Incoming/Receiving Material Inspection, In-process inspection, End-of-line Inspection, material containment/ad-hoc inspections.
* Continuously monitor processes to identify opportunities for enhancement and efficiency gains.
* Collaborate with cross functional leaders and departments to ensure timely product delivery while maintaining quality standards.
* Ensure all inspection areas adhere to established processes, best practices, and utilize appropriate work instructions, procedures, and tools.
* Partner with Quality Engineering to contribute to Quality roadmap initiatives.
* Provide readiness for internal auditing and compliance reviews.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of progressive Quality and/or Regulatory experience within the Aerospace, Defense, or Automotive industries.
* 3+ years of experience in a Management or supervisory role.
* Strong understanding of Quality Management Systems & AS9100 requirements.
* Prior exposure to the manufacture of electronic components for Aerospace applications.
* Strong attention to detail, observation, organizational, and leadership skills.
* In-depth knowledge of Quality Improvement and Lean Manufacturing methodologies.
* Excellent organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
* Strong leadership and decision-making abilities in a production environment.
* U.S. Person Status is required as this position needs to access controlled data.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Technical degree in a related quality/mechanical/aerospace engineering field.
* ASQ Certified Quality Engineer, Quality Improvement Associate, or equivalent. IPC-A-610 or IPC-A-620 Certification.
* Knowledge of 6 Sigma, TQM, TPS, Lean, and Low Rate Production methodologies.
* Experience with inspection of Electrical and Electronic Components (Power Supplies, PCBs, wire-harnesses).
* Experience with data systems, QMS software, automated data collection tools, and generating reports, data visualization, and data queries.
* Experience in drafting and revising standard operating procedures and quality troubleshooting guides for inspection and quality control processes.
* Experience with Manufacturing processes and their related systems (Jira, MES, ERP, Teamcenter, CAD).
* Experience with auditing processes and procedures in a manufacturing environment.
* Experience with validation and testing sub-assemblies and components.
* Experience with selecting, buying, qualifying, and implementing inspection equipment.
* Experience working with suppliers along with Sourcing and Supplier Quality Engineering teams.
* Detail-oriented self-starter with the ability to work with minimal oversight and communicate effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Proficiency with computer-aided design (CAD) software and inspection data management software.

**TRAVEL**

* 50% travel required to local manufacturing sites and HQ in Orange County
* 5% travel to other Anduril sites out of state.

**PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS**

* Ability to lift up to 35 pounds
* Work in clean room environments
* Use of precision optical tools and equipment
* Visual acuity and color discrimination required for inspection
* Adherence to laser safety and contamination control protocols

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
