---
title: Production Manager, MRO
status: archived
id: '5160297007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5160297007?gh_jid=5160297007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:40:54-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T19:12:23-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Manufacturing Leadership'
offices:
- Waltham, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### JOB DESCRIPTION

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Our Deployments Team oversees the critical delivery of defense hardware to challenging field environments. They meticulously plan, coordinate, and execute every step of the deployment process, ensuring mission readiness. This involves managing complex logistics, rigorous testing, and secure system integration under demanding conditions. We seek dedicated professionals committed to ensuring flawless functionality of vital national security assets.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the Production Manager, MRO, you will contribute to the strategy to scale Maintenance, Repair and Operations (MRO), ensure tight management of repair execution to meet business commitments, as well as develop and drive improvements in production and product designs.  This role demands strong leadership skillset to build out a team, problem-solving skills to diagnose and resolve complex hardware issues, requiring seamless collaboration with field teams and logistics. Key duties include comprehensive asset tracking, from meticulous receipt and identification to thorough documentation of all inventory. We seek a highly organized, detail-oriented professional dedicated to maintaining peak operational readiness for vital equipment.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Support the development of Maintenance, Repair and Operations (MRO) strategy which scales to the overall business growth vision.
* Build a team and overall capability to support the MRO strategy.
* Own Execution to the plan of record for both scaling the MRO as well as owning execution to the customer commitments.
* Develop and own MRO KPIs and effectively communicate MRO health across the business.
* Based on performance data and field quality data, drive improvement in both the production and product design.
* Oversee the receipt, initial inspection, and detailed identification of critical defense hardware returning from field deployments.
* Maintain precise inventory records and update asset tracking systems with current status, location, and repair history for all incoming and outgoing hardware.
* Lead a team in-depth diagnostic testing, troubleshooting, and hands-on repair of complex hardware issues, ensuring all equipment meets operational specifications.
* Manage thorough post-repair testing and quality assurance checks to verify full functionality and readiness for redeployment or return to stock.
* Act as the primary customer-facing support for all hardware repair inquiries, communicating effectively with Field Operations, Logistics, Engineering, and leadership to provide clear status updates on repairs, manage expectations, and resolve issues promptly.
* Proactively solicit and analyze field performance data and customer feedback to identify systemic hardware issues and drive recommendations for product design and production process improvements, directly enhancing overall field quality and reliability for end-users.
* Identify and recommend improvements to repair processes, diagnostic techniques, and documentation practices to enhance efficiency and effectiveness.
* Operate in strict adherence to all safety protocols, quality standards, and regulatory requirements pertinent to the handling and repair of defense hardware.
* Manage the budget for repair operations, tracking costs across different customer and sustainment pools, ensuring proper allocation and fiscal responsibility.
* Enable accurate calculation of repair cost models, ensuring transparency and accountability for labor, parts, and overhead.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 7+ years of experience in Production, Quality Standards, Manufacturing Operations, or a related field.
* Demonstrated experience with ERP systems.
* Demonstrated experience in building/scaling teams or production infrastructure
* Hands-on attitude and strong written and verbal communication skills.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
* Ability to lift up to 50 pounds for short periods.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Failure analysis experience
* Experience resolving high-visibility issues with Legal and Customer Care

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
