---
title: Flight Test Operator - Advanced Effects
status: archived
id: '5165959007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5165959007?gh_jid=5165959007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T17:48:02-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T17:47:43-04:00'
location: Fort Stockton, Texas, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Fort Stockton, TX (ATTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position will be filled a highly motivated Flight Test Operator with a passion for multiple UAS. You will work heavily with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments to help assist the team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. The role will be responsible for assisting on planning, coordination, execution and reporting on all facets of the flight test program.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Maintain standard of a high degree of professionalism including punctuality and culpability.
* RC, RPIC, or Pilot-operator (PIC) experience on fixed wing commercial and/or defense Group 1-3 aircraft.
* Ability to obtain and maintain FAA Part 107 certificate
* Prepare and brief missions and flight cards while assisting in planning the flight missions to meet Engineering requirements.
* Act as a safety pilot, observing or directing flight or ground crew in their positions and actions taken to maintain a safe posture at all times.
* Perform duties as Internal Pilot in Command during flight operations and manage the responsibilities associated with that position (Lattice/GCS).
* Support flight operations on an agile team, showcasing your ability to prioritize and overcome technical challenges.
* Maintain all required training and certifications required to perform your job, both internal and external such as FAA certifications.
* Document procedures, techniques, and best practices for flight crew operations.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years experience flying Group 1-3 UAS.
* Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.
* Proficient with computer use (Linux familiarity, standard browser, word processing applications).
* Willing to be multi-capable, including some electronics troubleshooting and repair.
* Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to rapidly change roles/responsibilities while working in a fast paced, challenging work environment.
* Willing to travel as required.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Part 61 Pilots license
* 5 years of developmental test experience.
* 5 years turbine experience

US Hourly Range

$41.35—$54.81 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
