---
title: Space Special Projects, Mechanical Engineer
status: archived
id: '5169867007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5169867007?gh_jid=5169867007
lastmod: '2026-06-23T16:47:53-04:00'
date: '2026-06-19T17:11:23-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- AFS
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is at the forefront of advancing national security capabilities in the space domain. Our mission is twofold: 1) develop autonomous satellite systems and space-based platforms, and 2) deliver critical ground and orbital software infrastructure at scale. We transform products and capabilities across space command and control (C2), mission management, and space operations from early concepts into fully operational systems by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our integrated approach, we design and deploy space software systems using advanced algorithms, distributed architectures, and resilient infrastructure—delivering reliable, mission-critical capabilities that support operators across orbital and ground-based assets. Space Systems hires software engineers and systems engineers who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from satellite operations software to space domain awareness platforms. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous space systems and ground software products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environments, supporting the DOD and IC in defending our national interests in space.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is hiring Mechanical Engineers for the Space team across multiple levels of seniority, including both individual contributor and people management roles. Across all of these roles, you will design, build, and qualify space hardware destined for orbit. Scope and ownership scale with experience: earlier-career engineers will own components and subsystems under the guidance of more senior engineers, while more senior candidates will own subsystem-to-system architecture, technical direction, and (for those in management roles) the team itself.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own hardware design (CAD, hand calculations, prototypes, etc) from concept generation to launch. Intelligently pace design maturity with an holistic view of the program.
* Use first principles as a basis for every decision. Continuously look for opportunities to simplify designs.
* Communicate pros/cons of system architecture with respect to design and packaging considerations.
* Strong focus on good architecture to ensure designs are robust in nature.
* Lead subsystem design reviews, present structures status to other team members, provide clear understanding of timelines and technical status.
* Act as the Responsible Engineer for your subsystem: Run analysis, visit vendors, define and execute hardware test plans.
* Build prototypes, analyze failures, and transition successful prototype designs to flight hardware and low rate production.
* Travel to test sites and vendors as needed.
* Create excellent technical documentation – slide packages, test plans and reports, procedures, assembly instructions, part and assembly drawings, vendor specifications and statements of work, etc.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Active U.S. Top Secret or TS/SCI clearance
* Prior experience supporting DoD or IC customers
* BS or higher degree in engineering or a hard science.
* Experience in an immersive hands-on technical project (collegiate project teams and/or professional settings).
* CAD skills (any platform) and ability to make high quality engineering drawings that meet common industry standards.
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication and assembly skills. Experience working with hand tools, mill, lathe, etc.
* Strong understanding of engineering fundamentals: heat transfer, statics, solid mechanics, materials.
* Excellent attention to detail
* Highly motivated, self-starting, and able to perform duties autonomously without supervision.
* Very organized and willing to establish scope and requirements for ill-defined problems.
* Passion for defending the United States and her allies.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 2+ years of mechanical design experience in a professional setting with space hardware or industry of equivalent complexity.
* Experience in NX/Teamcenter.
* Experience in an immersive hands-on technical project in college or in free time.
* Ability to integrate electronic components (PCBAs, motors, sensors etc.) into mechanical designs.
* Experience working with (integrating in designs) optical or RF systems.
* Experience developing code in higher-level languages (e.g. Python, MATLAB, C++) for developing analytical models and data acquisition and automation
* Structural or thermal testing experience – sensor selection, data acquisition, data post- processing (Python preferred)

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
