---
title: Space Special Projects, Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '5169861007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5169861007?gh_jid=5169861007
lastmod: '2026-06-19T17:11:26-04:00'
date: '2026-06-19T17:11:26-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- AFS
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is at the forefront of advancing national security capabilities in the space domain. Our mission is twofold: 1) develop autonomous satellite systems and space-based platforms, and 2) deliver critical ground and orbital software infrastructure at scale. We transform products and capabilities across space command and control (C2), mission management, and space operations from early concepts into fully operational systems by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our integrated approach, we design and deploy space software systems using advanced algorithms, distributed architectures, and resilient infrastructure—delivering reliable, mission-critical capabilities that support operators across orbital and ground-based assets. Space Systems hires software engineers and systems engineers who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from satellite operations software to space domain awareness platforms. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous space systems and ground software products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environments, supporting the DOD and IC in defending our national interests in space.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Software Engineer on the Space Business Line you will own the architecture and deployment of software solutions that support customer missions for space operations and mission management. As a senior software engineer, you will develop modular capabilities to support the DoD and IC customers across the space domain. This will involve the architecture of the Space C2 system based on top of the Anduril Lattice software platform, to include infrastructure, algorithms, and integrations to support both orbital and ground systems. The Anduril Space C2 capability development will involve integration with legacy systems that have been part of our nation’s critical defense for decades as well as new space systems being added to the cache of orbital and ground-based capabilities.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Build and own software solutions deployed to customers — code, tests, docs, and operational health
* Develop Space C2 and Mission Management capabilities to enable end-to-end mission systems
* Integrate with legacy systems to unlock 21st-century capabilities
* Write code to improve products and scale mission capability to more users and customers
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality
* Create and analyze metrics for debugging and monitoring
* Triage issues, root-cause failures, and coordinate next steps
* Partner with end-users to turn needs into features, balancing user experience with engineering constraints
* More senior candidates will own the architecture of services or subsystems, lead technical direction across multiple engineers, and mentor across the team

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Active U.S. Top Secret or TS/SCI clearance
* Prior experience supporting DoD or IC customers
* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight
* Clear communication and organizational skills including documentation and training material
* 5+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Rust, Go, JavaScript, etc.
* Experience with Space C2 software systems and spacecraft operations
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with Go, Rust, or C++
* Experience with deployment tooling such as Kubernetes, OpenShift, or Helm
* Previous exposure to space ground hardware like sensors, radars, telescopes
* Previous exposure to space-related simulation and hardware integration
* A desire to work on critical software in the space domain
* Experience with existing space software standards and modular software services development

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
