---
title: Administrative Assistant
status: archived
id: '5169020007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5169020007?gh_jid=5169020007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T15:48:18-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T17:24:40-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Operations : Administration : Administration'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking an organized, proactive, and detail-oriented Administrative Assistant to join our team. In this role, you will serve as the operational backbone of our daily functions, managing core logistical elements andproviding critical support to our broader Admin Team.

This is a tactical role focused on defined goals where you will use your foundational skills to complete daily tasks. You will own a set of tasks within predefined processes, working under the guidance of the Admin/EA team and requiring instructions primarily on new assignments. We are looking for someone who takes high accountability for their work, is eager to learn administrative best practices, and is excited to collaborate with and learn from our team.

This role offers the opportunity to work alongside experienced Executive Assistants who are invested in your professional growth, ability to transition from tactical task execution to strategic administrative partnership, and the potential to grow into higher-scoped administrative and executive support roles as you demonstrate mastery of core competencies.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

**Support to Executive Assistant Team**

* Partner closely with the team to assist with administrative overflow, meeting preparation, and logistics.
* Take direction from the team on complex calendar management and scheduling priorities.
* Act as a reliable resource for the team helping to execute day-to-day tactical tasks so the broader administrative team runs smoothly.
* Learn best practices directly from the team and managers to grow your administrative skillset.

**Calendar & Meeting Management**

* Support calendar management based on direction from the EA team and other stakeholders.
* Back up support for the broader Executive Assistant team.
* Bring order to scheduling chaos by ensuring minimal to zero overlaps in meetings.
* Ensure virtual meeting links are always functioning and physical meeting rooms are reserved and available.
* Ensure the correct attendees are invited to and confirmed for scheduled meetings.

**Operations, Logistics & Visitor Experience**

* Provide the operational backbone for the team by managing core logistical elements.
* Coordinate travel arrangements and handle timely expense reconciliation.
* Create a smooth and welcoming experience for visitors to our offices.
* Manage foundational office aspects, including visitor registration and passing security clearances.
* Follow established procedures for semi-routine tasks, with the ability to occasionally deviate from accepted practice when the situation requires.

**Communication & Team Dynamics**

* Deliver clear, concise, and professional verbal and written communication across all channels (e.g, slack, emails, meeting agendas, calendar invites).
* Handle sensitive and confidential information with the utmost discretion.
* Support team morale and actively contribute to building positive team dynamics.
* Collaborate internally with EA’s and other administrative professionals to build strong working relationships.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 1–2 years of demonstrated experience in an administrative support, coordinator, or office assistant role.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

US Hourly Range

$37.02—$49.04 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
