---
title: Senior Site Reliability Engineer, TS Clearance
status: archived
id: '5170617007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5170617007?gh_jid=5170617007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T16:38:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering : Software Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

For this unique opportunity, you'll be supporting both the **Counter Intrusion** team and the **Air Defense** team.  
  
The **Counter Intrusion** team creates robotic systems that provide force protection capabilities by monitoring the perimeter of secure areas for approaching people, vehicles, and vessels. Leveraging advanced sensor fusion and autonomy, our products seamlessly render activity in the environment to Lattice's common operating picture.  
  
The **Air Defense** team fields Anduril's most complex capabilities, deploying unique combinations of hardware and software tailored to different mission requirements and customer expectations. Our systems integration engineers internalize the nuances of each deployment, ensuring the technical success of the end-to-end solutions we ship.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) to join AGD, our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA or Washington DC. SREs work with external stakeholders to determine the technical direction of cloud deployments and deliver with speed through analysis, design and code. They are comfortable leading large, focused projects. They lead in the development of Kubernetes cloud infrastructure, DevOps, CI/CD and improving the developer experience. You will be managing cloud deployments in AWS, Azure and on premise. This role emphasizes the continuous innovation in improving our cloud computing environments.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Architect, deploy and maintain infrastructure with cloud providers and Kubernetes (EKS)
* Collaborate with multi-disciplined teams to define and execute on internal and external deployments
* Promote SRE best practices in system resilience, performance monitoring and high availability
* Design, develop, and deliver solutions using infrastructure as code with tools like Terraform and Python
* Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines for automated deployment
* Build strong relationships with internal and external customers to identify technical solutions to their problems
* Improve Anduril’s operational capabilities by improving our core product offering through root cause analysis and creating tooling capable of managing large scale deployments
* Lead the organization in building scalable, sustainable mechanisms to continue delivering to customers at the pace the business is scaling

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* **Holding active U.S. TOP SECRET security clearance**
* 6+ years of engineering experience
* Technical expertise and demonstrated performance in one or more of the following areas: networking, cloud technologies, application development and/or cybersecurity
* Deep knowledge of the Kubernetes ecosystem (Docker, Helm, ArgoCD, Terraform)
* Experience with cloud services (AWS/Azure)
* Experience in software languages such as Go, Python, Rust, or C++
* Experience performing data-driven root cause analysis on complex systems
* Demonstrated ability to train peers or customers on the operation of a product
* Computer Science degree or equivalent

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with managing Kubernetes clusters of hundreds of nodes
* Knowledge of performance improvement techniques, metrics and alerting
* Experience with KubeVirt, qemu, virtualization and hypervisor technologies
* Experience with low-level frameworks, Linux and databases
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills

US Salary Range

$191,000—$287,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
