---
title: Financial Accountant
status: archived
id: '5171214007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5171214007?gh_jid=5171214007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T10:23:30-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T10:23:30-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Accounting : Accounting'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

Are you a highly motivated and experienced financial accountant ready to make a significant impact within a rapidly growing defense technology company? We're seeking an individual with a strong accounting foundation to enhance our UK & EMEA operations, ensuring financial accuracy, compliance, and efficiency as we scale our presence across the region. The ideal candidate will thrive at an incredibly fast pace and be ready to support the hyper growth of our business. Come join us as we disrupt an entire industry and help take your career to the next level while changing the world of defense.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

We're building a world-class International Accounting team in the United Kingdom. As a Financial Accountant, you will be a core member of this team, supporting day-to-day accounting functions, month end close, financial reporting, and strategic initiatives. You will partner cross functionally to help build and improve the processes, controls, and systems that allow Anduril to efficiently operate and scale across the region as our international presence grows.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Prepare and assist with review of monthly management accounts and annual financial statements in accordance with UK GAAP (FRS102).
* Reconcile balance sheet accounts, including but not limited to bank reconciliations, accounts payable, fixed assets, prepayments, accruals, and multi-currency intercompany balances, ensuring adherence to fast-paced internal reporting deadlines.
* Assist with the prompt month-end close process, including preparing and posting journals, accruals, and prepayments, under the direction of the International Accounting Manager.
* Manage the general ledger, ensuring accuracy and completeness of all financial transactions.
* Support the annual audit process by providing robust audit evidence, preparing schedules, providing explanations, and collaborating with external auditors.
* Identify opportunities to streamline accounting processes, implement best practices, and improve system efficiencies in our new ERP (Oracle Fusion).
* Collaborate effectively with internal stakeholders across various departments both locally in the UK and across Anduril's head office and other global offices.

**WHO YOU ARE:**

* 2+ years of progressive accounting experience, ideally within a fast-paced corporate environment.
* Experience operating within a global organizational structure.
* ACA, CPA or equivalent certification preferred.
* An understanding of UK GAAP (FRS102) is essential, whilst IFRS and US GAAP is preferential to aid collaboration globally.
* Advanced Excel skills and proficiency with ERP systems (Oracle Fusion or another large ERP system preferred).
* Excellent stakeholder management and interpersonal skills.
* Proven analytical and problem-solving skills with a mindset for continuous improvement.
* Experience with process improvement with an eye for enhancing efficiency, streamlining workflows, and implementing best practices within accounting operations.
* Proven ability to manage competing priorities in a high growth organization.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
