---
title: Manager, Material Planning
status: archived
id: '5172414007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5172414007?gh_jid=5172414007
lastmod: '2026-06-23T19:51:21-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T19:51:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Demand & Supply Planning : Demand & Supply Planning'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Planning team is seeking a Material Planning Manager to join our team. The Planning team is responsible for planning material and builds to support rapidly iterating and building of cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, mobile ground equipment, and flight vehicles. This Material Planning Manager will be at the forefront of managing a team and ensuring strategic and efficient flow of materials to support our production lines and overall business objectives. The Material Planning Manager will be responsible for managing all aspects of material planning, from forecasting and procurement to inventory control and supplier management. This strategic hire will work closely with Procurement, Manufacturing, Logistics, and various other departments to develop robust material plans that align with production demands and financial targets. This role requires a keen understanding of manufacturing processes, strong analytical skills, and the ability to manage complex data to ensure material availability, optimize inventory investment, and minimize excess.  
  
The right person for this role has demonstrated ownership and experience solving complex operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built and shipped under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you!

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Develop and implement material planning strategies to ensure continuous supply and optimal inventory levels
* Oversee the Material Requirements Plan (MRP) processes and adjust plans as necessary to address production needs
* Coordinate with Procurement, Manufacturing, and Logistics to ensure timely delivery and availability of materials
* Analyze and forecast material needs based on production schedules, historical usage patterns, and future demand projections
* Lead cross-functional efforts to resolve material shortages, expediting when necessary to prevent production delays
* Implement process improvements to increase efficiency and accuracy within the material planning function
* Monitor inventory levels and take corrective actions to address discrepancies and avoid excess or obsolete stock
* Provide regular reporting on material status, risks, and performance metrics to key stakeholders and management
* Support new product introductions by ensuring material availability in line with project timelines
* Collaborate with the Supply Chain team to optimize overall planning processes and contribute to achieving the company's financial and operational goals

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (i.e. manufacturing, engineering, analytics, computer science, etc.) or business field (i.e. finance, economics, supply chain management, business administration, marketing, etc.)
* 8+ years of experience in a supply chain or production role within a fast-paced manufacturing environment with complex mechanical and/or electrical assemblies
* 1+ years of experience managing a direct team
* Demonstrated ability to completely own complex value chains from start to finish, coordinating between multiple internal and internal parties to ensure on-time deliveries and adherence to quality standards
* Experience with ERP systems such as Oracle, Netsuite, and CRM systems like Salesforce
* Ability to demonstrate a willingness to take on substantial responsibility across supply chain, logistics, engineering, and supply planning functions with a bias towards speed and accuracy
* Strong technical expertise including ability to read technical documentation, drawings, and CAD data, understanding of a variety of hardware manufacturing processes for both electronics (PCBAs, sensor hardware, etc.) and structures/mechanisms
* Ability to travel up to 50% of the time to our Arsenal-1 facility in Ashville, OH
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree or other higher education
* Ability to demonstrate a willingness to take on substantial responsibility across supply chain, logistics, engineering, and supply planning functions with a bias towards speed and accuracy
* Strong experience with SQL databases, including building custom queries for production and inventory metrics
* Proficiency in data analysis and reporting tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or Qlikview
* Knowledge of supply chain planning systems like Blue Yonder and best practices in demand planning, inventory management, and S&OP
* Experience with lean manufacturing, continuous improvement, six sigma principles, and big data evaluation techniques
* Proactive, able to take substantial responsibility across various functions, with a focus on speed and accuracy
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
