---
title: Technical Director, Intelligence Systems
status: archived
id: '5173656007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5173656007?gh_jid=5173656007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T10:50:08-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T10:50:08-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
The Technical Director will provide technical expertise across the portfolio covering two flagship contracts. The Technical Director will set the technical vision for each new effort, identify new efforts that can be translated into tasks, work with the portfolio lead to manage new capture efforts, and spend equal time coordinating the technical effort within Anduril across the business. The Technical Director will identify and help architect new Intellectual Property and help shape new product offerings that can be leveraged back into the portfolio and back into the Anduril ecosystem.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead inter-disciplinary team (e.g., Software, Hardware, Robotics, T&E) to develop and deliver integrated systems for multi-purpose missions.
* Set technical vision and define system architecture to guide overarching development efforts
* Establish and maintain best practices for system development, including software standards, code reviews, configuration management, build processes, testing, etc.
* Triage issues, conduct root cause analysis of failures, and coordinate next steps with engineering teams
* Mentor junior engineers and ensure technical team is professionally developing at tenure-appropriate levels
* Support local engagements with the local customer as the technical SME
* Work with Portfolio Lead to manage new capture efforts
* Travel up to 25% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities at Anduril test ranges and customer-directed sites

**CORE REQUIREMENTS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret Clearance
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical field
* A minimum of 15 years of experience in autonomous systems, robotics, and defense applications within the intelligence or defense communities
* Experience in a technical management/engineering role, leading teams to integrate software and hardware solutions.
* Experience developing and executing complex technical programs to include

+ Payload, sensor integration
+ Navigation / Autonomy
+ Networking / Communications
+ Optical sensing, radar, RF, EW
+ UAS Systems

* Systems Architecture - Payload integration level (Delivered the systems specifically)
* Rapid integration timeline and field testing/field deployment

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with SITL and HITL simulation environments and the execution of comprehensive testing programs
* Experience deploying technical solutions in the field both foreign and domestic

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
