---
title: Wire bonding Technician
status: archived
id: '5178968007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5178968007?gh_jid=5178968007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T08:52:07-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T08:52:07-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Microelectronics'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

---

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The hardware team is responsible for the development and production support of hardware used in infrared imaging products. The microelectronics technician is responsible for integrating, testing, and troubleshooting microelectronics that are used inside the infrared camera systems. They will also be responsible for maintaining and operating the test equipment used inside of a clean room space and cryogenic operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Wire Bonding Technician to join our team, focusing on the packaging and assembly of custom infrared image sensors. In this role, you will collaborate with engineers in a clean room environment to handle and test silicon wafers, wire bond image sensors into ceramic packages, and perform visual and electrical inspections of sensor chip assemblies. Your expertise will be essential in operating custom test equipment to collect image data. If you have a strong background in microelectronics and precision measurement, we invite you to apply and contribute to our innovative imaging solutions. 

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Work with engineers to package, test and wire bond custom infrared image sensors in a clean room environment
* Handle and test silicon wafers in automated probe test station
* Handle, mount, and wire bond image sensors into custom ceramic packages using a wire ball bonder
* Visual and electrical inspection of fully packaged sensor chip assemblies (SCAs)
* SCA installation into liquid nitrogen high vacuum test station
* Majority of the tasks will be done inside our cleanroom
* Operate custom test equipment to collect image data using automated tools

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years experience working with precision test and measurement equipment for development or production hardware
* Experience collecting data from devices under test (DUTs) using test and inspection equipment
* Experience working with delicate hardware such as microelectronics assemblies and performing ultra fine motor skill tasks
* Willingness to work a 7:00 AM - 3:00 PM standard shift
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Prior experience working within a clean room environment
* Experience with microelectronics packaging such as wirebonders and custom imprints
* Experience with electrical cabling assemblies, soldering, crimping and debug
* Proficiency with SolidWorks and scripting/automation languages (MATLAB, Python, LabVIEW)

US Hourly Range

$41.35—$54.81 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
