---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Realtime Imaging
status: archived
id: '5183318007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5183318007?gh_jid=5183318007
lastmod: '2026-07-09T11:08:56-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T11:08:56-04:00'
location: Boulder, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Realtime Processing Software'
offices:
- Boulder, CO (Range)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. We are interested in candidates that are excited to build Anduril's next generation of imaging products from the ground up.

### ABOUT THE JOB

You will implement and deploy the core real-time image processing software of our infrared imaging systems. Your work will be essential to ensuring we can quickly field new technologies to embedded and SWAP-limited hardware, scale quickly, and securely integrate into the complex defense systems.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Apply your experience configuration Linux based operating systems and developing terminal-based software
* Become an expert in Nix and NixOS and help define and implement NixOS based embedded systems
* Gain a deep understanding of our unique infrared sensor systems and our existing image processing software
* Contribute to the development of real-time, high-bandwidth processing pipelines in C++ and/or CUDA
* Define and implement test and simulation environments, incorporating both software- and hardware-in-the-loop methodologies
* Support end-to-end system delivery, from initial design to manufacturing, deployment, and sustainment
* Work with a multi-disciplinary team on challenging problems in a fast-paced environment

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of professional C++ software development experience and using development tools such as GIT, JIRA, and CI/CD systems
* Experience developing low-latency, high-throughput software on Linux based systems, including knowledge of system utilities and basic configuration
* Experience testing and debugging firmware on hardware platforms
* Experience with software infrastructure fundamentals including networking, security, and distributed systems
* Ability to quickly learn and implement new technologies and frameworks
* Ability to communicate ideas clearly and produce detailed technical documentation
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with configuration Linux operating systems and Linux kernel development
* Experience working with a variety of programming languages such as C, Rust, Python, etc.
* Familiarity in graphics programming or image processing
* Experience in connectivity and high-performance networking software development
* Any experience in Nix/NixOS is a big plus
* Active Secret U.S. security clearance

US Salary Range

$165,000—$218,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
