---
title: RFML Engineer, EW
status: archived
id: '5187241007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5187241007?gh_jid=5187241007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T20:03:20-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T20:03:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a visionary and technically proficient Radio Frequency Machine Learning (RFML) Operations Lead to lead our advanced research and development initiatives. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in one or more of the following areas: RF Sensing, Statistical Signal Processing, Wireless Systems (particularly 5G), and Time/Frequency Analysis of Signals. In this role, you will drive the creation and implementation of innovative RFML models and solutions that advance our capabilities in these cutting-edge domains.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead and inspire a team of RFML engineers. Develop and execute the strategic vision for integrating machine learning into RF sensing, signal processing, and wireless communication systems.
* Spearhead the design and development of advanced RFML models for wireless communication applications like RF spectrum sensing, channel equalization and estimation, channel modeling. Innovate and push the boundaries of what’s possible in these fields.
* Provide deep technical expertise in wireless systems, particularly 5G technologies, to inform the development of algorithms and models that enhance system performance maintaining latency and compute budget.
* Identify and tackle complex challenges in the areas of signal processing and wireless systems using advanced RFML techniques. Lead initiatives to explore and implement novel solutions.
* Oversee multiple concurrent projects, ensuring they are completed on time and within scope. Allocate resources effectively and manage project risks to achieve desired outcomes.
* Mentor and develop team members, fostering a culture of continuous learning and technical excellence. Stay up to date with the latest advancements in RFML and related fields to guide the team effectively.

**REQUIREMENTS**

* PhD. or master’s degree in electrical engineering, Computer Science, or a related field with a focus on RFML, signal processing, or wireless systems.
* A minimum of 5+ years of experience in the related field.
* Strong background in wireless communications and digital signal processing.
* Demonstrated ability to lead and manage a team of engineers, with a track record of successful project delivery.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
* Deep understanding of current trends and advancements in RF sensing, statistical signal processing, and wireless systems, particularly 5G.
* Experience with Electronic Warfare systems.
* Some travel required.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Prior experience in managing entire RFML engineering lifecycle – from data capture to model development to model training to system testing and optimization.
* Experience with real-time signal processing, DSP platforms, or mixed-signal embedded systems.
* Experience with DeepSig/OmniSig platforms.
* Ability to write and / or review production level code (Python, C++) is strongly preferred.
* Experience with Software Defined Radios.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
