---
title: 'Lead Vulnerability Researcher   '
status: active
id: '5659613004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5659613004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2025-09-26T09:35:20-04:00'
location: Laurel, Maryland
departments:
- TE2 - Trusted Electronics
offices:
- Customer Site - Fort Meade, MD
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

**Join the Trusted Electronics & Effects business unit  of Two Six Technologies**—where you’ll lead vulnerability research across hardware, software, and operational systems. Working side by side with engineers and security researchers, you’ll guide investigations, identify critical vulnerabilities, and develop countermeasures with operational impact. Our fast-growing roster of government customers relies on us to deliver advanced security solutions, and we’re looking for a **Lead Vulnerability Researcher** to provide technical leadership and mentorship.

**This role requires regular on-site support at the Laurel, Maryland customer site.**

**What you will do:**

* Lead the identification of vulnerabilities and attacks across hardware, software, personnel, logistics, procedures, and physical security.
* Develop proof of concept (PoC) code for identified vulnerabilities
* Reverse-engineer targeted embedded systems to identify vulnerabilities
* Review source code looking for risks and vulnerabilities
* Analyze the effects of vulnerabilities on mission outcomes and operational effectiveness.
* Compare system attack techniques and propose operationally effective countermeasures
* Produce reports, briefings, and perspectives on actual and potential attacks
* Provide technical leadership on research efforts, prioritizing investigations, reviewing methodologies, and overseeing proof-of-concepts.
* Mentor and guide junior engineers and researchers, reviewing technical approaches and fostering skill development.

**What you will need (Basic Qualifications):**

* Doctorate in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, or a related field and 4 years of relevant experience, OR Master’s degree and 6 years of relevant experience, OR Bachelor’s degree and 8 years of relevant experience, OR Associate’s degree and 10 years of relevant experience.

+ Relevant experience: computer/information systems design/development, programming, information/cyber/network security, reverse-engineering, vulnerability analysis, penetration testing, computer forensics, information assurance, or systems engineering

* Proficiency in C/C++, Python, and at least one ISA (e.g. x86/ARM/MIPS)
* Proficiency in Linux command-line environments
* Experience using a decompiler such as IDA Pro, Binary Ninja, or Ghidra
* Experience using vulnerability research tools such as emulators or fuzzers
* Experience using a software debugger such as GDB or WinDbg
* Ability to work on-site at Laurel, Maryland customer site regularly.

**Nice If You Have (Preferred):**

* Experience translating vulnerabilities into operationally relevant impact assessments and countermeasures.
* Experience producing client-facing technical briefings for operational stakeholders
* Experience using a hardware debugger
* Experience with UART, SPI, I2C
* Experience with common secure communications such as TLS or SSH
* Familiarity with embedded firmware, RTOS, or networked systems
* Familiarity with high-side environments

**Security Clearance:**

* Active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph required

#LI-JK1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$168,197—$252,295 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
