---
title: Hardware Reverse Engineer
status: active
id: '5742909004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5742909004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2025-12-22T14:33:43-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- TE2 Effects - Embedded Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Join the **Trusted Electronics & Effects business unit** of Two Six Technologies—a team of innovative engineers and reverse engineers in Arlington, Virginia—where you’ll dive into groundbreaking research on advanced embedded systems and architectures. Working with technologies like processor modules, digital boards, and high-speed signals, you’ll deconstruct physical hardware, extract firmware, identify vulnerabilities, and push the boundaries of what’s possible in embedded system security. Collaborating closely with top-tier hardware engineers and security researchers, you’ll help tackle some of the toughest challenges in the field.

Our growing roster of government customers depends on us to deliver cutting-edge security solutions. We’re looking for a skilled Hardware Reverse Engineer to help drive our mission forward. If you’re passionate about solving complex challenges and making a tangible impact on national security, we want you on our team.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Reverse engineer and analyze complex embedded systems designs to identify functional behaviors and facilitate deeper vulnerability analysis.
* Identify and exploit key system components, including communication channels and firmware memory.
* Conduct vulnerability research on hardened systems and architectures.
* Draft technical reports related to the function, characteristics, and any potential vulnerabilities of the assessed hardware and firmware.
* Rapidly prototype innovative technologies to analyze and exploit target systems.
* Reconstruct schematics from physical boards and develop hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) environments to test and emulate device behavior
* Conduct protocol and signals analysis utilizing oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, and logic analyzers.
* Contribute to a diverse range of research and development projects focused on embedded system security.
* Isolate areas of interest in complex systems with precision and efficiency.

**What you will have(Basic Qualifications):**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical discipline. Equivalent practical experience in security research, reverse engineering, vulnerability research, or exploit development may substitute for a degree.
* Extensive hands on experience with the following:

+ Experience developing on embedded systems such as high speed data devices, or system-on-modules.
+ Experience analyzing and reverse engineering binaries (x86/ARM/AVR)
+ Debugging embedded systems using tools such as JTAG, UART, oscilloscopes, and logic analyzers.
+ Developing and integrating bootloaders for embedded systems.
+ Creating wiring diagrams and schematics.
+ Programming in C, C++, and Python.
+ Development targeting AMD/Xilinx, Altera, or Microsemi FPGA devices.

**Nice if you Have (Preferred):**

* Advanced degree (Master’s or Ph.D.) in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, or a related scientific field.
* Experience as part of small R&D teams composed of researchers, engineers, and scientists.
* Custom PCB development experience with tools such as Altium.
* Knowledge of RF protocols and systems.
* Experience with Layer 1 and Layer 2 wired and wireless protocols, such as USB, SPI/I2C/1-Wire, Ethernet, PCI-Express, 802.11, and Bluetooth/ZigBee.
* Hacking experience on IoT products.
* Demonstrated experience managing and leading technical employees and engineering teams.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active U.S. security clearance at the **Top Secret** level, with the ability to obtain and maintain **TS/SCI** clearance.

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$134,731—$202,096 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
