---
title: Principal Cybersecurity Researcher
status: active
id: '5782760004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5782760004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T12:44:35-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- TE2 - Trusted Electronics
offices:
- TST Main Office (13865 Sunrise Valley Dr) - Herndon, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

**Join the Trusted Electronics & Effects team of Two Six Technologies,** a team of dedicated hackers in Arlington, Virginia, where you’ll immerse yourself in cutting-edge vulnerability research on a wide range of unique embedded systems. Working side by side with top-tier CNO developers and hardware engineers, you’ll discover vulnerabilities and create proof of concepts on embedded systems. Our fast-growing roster of government customers relies on us to deliver advanced security solutions, and we’re looking for a **Principal Software Reverse Engineer** to help us continue pushing boundaries. If you’re passionate about building tools that make a tangible impact on national security, we want you on our team.

**Responsibilities Include**

* Perform vulnerability research on complex embedded systems
* Take on complex technical problems for which there is often no known answer
* Develop tools and techniques to assist/automate tasks that traditionally require significant manual reverse engineering effort
* Follow-on development to productize results/PoCs or handoff to developers for productization
* Provide technical leadership and direction on novel research projects, and interface directly with clients/key stakeholders to present findings and determine program direction
* Mentor and develop junior team members through knowledge-sharing, code reviews, and hands-on guidance, fostering their growth

**Minimum Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical discipline. Equivalent practical experience in security research, reverse engineering, vulnerability research, or exploit development may substitute for a degree.
* Extensive experience developing, debugging, and scripting in C/C++ and Python within Linux command-line environments, with a strong emphasis on low-level programming, memory management, and system interaction for reverse engineering and vulnerability research.
* Experience with reverse engineering and vulnerability research, using tools such as IDA Pro, Binary Ninja, or Ghidra.
* Expertise in one or more of the following:

+ Firmware analysis (ARM, MIPS, PowerPC, RTOS).
+ Firmware rehosting using emulation tools such as QEMU
+ Fuzzing and exploit development.
+ Binary obfuscation and anti-analysis techniques.
+ Wireless protocols and radio signal analysis.
+ File system forensics and fault injection frameworks.

* Experience leading a team of engineers and researchers

**Nice If You Have**

* Experience in a client-facing technical role
* Experience reverse engineering binary payloads from multiple architectures (ARM, MIPS, TI, x86, x64)
* Experience reverse engineering data payloads at rest (custom file formats) and in flight (live data captures)
* Experience with invasive and non-invasive hardware analysis, including PCB/component identification and hardware manipulation
* Hands-on experience debugging embedded systems using JTAG, UART, oscilloscopes, and logic analyzers

**Clearance Requirements:**

* Active Top Secret clearance with eligibility/willingness to obtain a Top Secret/SCI clearance. Prefer active TS/SCI with Poly

#LI-JK1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$180,779—$271,168 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
