---
title: 'Project Manager '
status: active
id: '5831539004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5831539004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T13:30:35-04:00'
location: Herndon, Virginia
departments:
- Product DA Engineering - Pulse
offices:
- TST Main Office (13865 Sunrise Valley Dr) - Herndon, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Project Manager, Information Security**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a Project Manager experienced with the U.S. government’s processes for on-boarding, operating, and maintaining software systems on classified networks. This work will include development of artifacts to support relevant Authority to Operate (ATO) processes for operating software in classified systems for the Pulse Suite.

Known for being the technology that delivers in times of crisis, conflict, and competition, the Pulse Suite includes technology for:

* Outreach to target audiences around the world on the devices they already use
* Planning tools that transform opportunity into action
* Identifying opportunities to take control of the message when adversaries are attempting to control the narrative space

You’ll own the end-to-end process for getting our software authorized for deployment onto DoD and IC systems, and then manage continuous and ongoing certification, accreditation, risk assessment, and security requirements. You’ll be the expert in the certification and continuous authorization process, ensure compliance with government requirements and policies, apply DevSecOps, coordinate security requirements with the product and engineering teams, and create artifacts supporting a secure software development life cycle.

This is a hybrid position with flexibility to manage your day around collaboration with your team. Arlington or Herndon location is required for easy access to secure spaces to address classified security requirements. Some travel (10-20%) will be required to interface with our customers and Two Six employees collaborating on cleared programs.

**We want to hear from you if you are:**

* Experienced with running ATO certification processes from end-to-end for IC, DoW, or both
* Experienced with collaborating with tech leads and product managers to define and prioritize security outcomes
* High initiative, with the ability to create momentum in a complex environment
* Highly collaborative and able to collaborate with diverse stakeholders across the company and within our customer base to create buy-in for your process
* Focused on doing what’s best for the product, with a team mentality

**What you will do:**

* Understand the multiple company products involved in achieving an ATO
* Work with stakeholders inside and outside the company to define a clear list of requirements and actions to achieve ATO certification
* Define the process for collaborating across the company to achieve this outcome
* Work with existing customers in the IC and DoW to identify additional requirements to gain approval for reciprocal ATOs
* Steward a DevSecOps approach with teams building features so that security is designed in
* Support continuous improvements to the system to maintain certification and accreditation status
* Support additional hardware and cybersecurity certification processes from a project management perspective

**What you will need (basic qualifications):**

* Experience certifying software in both DoW and IC networks
* Experience with products involving advanced analytics, natural language processing, large language models and generative AI
* Experience certifying commercial technologies in addition to government-owned technologies
* Experience with hardware certifications including cybersecurity like FIPS validation
* Interest in supporting US government missions for information operations, intelligence, and targeting

**Clearance Requirement:**

Active TS/SCI with Polygraph

#LI-JB1

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$118,000—$214,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
