---
title: 'Data Scientist '
status: active
id: '5841779004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5841779004
lastmod: '2026-05-22T08:24:52-04:00'
date: '2026-04-01T10:00:09-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- Product DA Engineering - Pulse
offices:
- 100% Remote
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

We’re looking for an experienced **Data Scientist** or **Senior Data Scientist** to join one of our cross-functional product development teams here at Two Six Technologies. Our teams are building capabilities to identify, plan, and deliver effects in the information operations space, and aim to provide a complete end-to-end solution to customers wishing to detect, analyze, and respond to events in real time. We combine signal-rich proprietary data, novel AI-powered technology, and world-class expertise to deliver valuable insights to our US government and Fortune 50 clients.

We’re seeking a curious and passionate **Data Scientist** who will help our customers discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data to sense, make sense, and act in the Information Environment. In this role, you will work autonomously to find creative solutions and tackle challenging problems with cutting-edge technology, with a current focus on Agentic AI. The role is a great fit if you’re motivated by autonomy, innovation, and mission-focused data problems in uncharted territory to advance missions of national security.

As a part of the Data Science team you’ll have opportunities to work on projects that expand your skills, learn from peer mentors, and iterate internal research and development. We regularly experiment with a range of data science techniques to build tools and produce insights. Our team works with agentic and generative AI, machine learning, network analysis, sampling methodologies, multi-language NLP, data visualization, and more.

**Responsibilities**

* Work with our product and customer support teams to turn abstract customer needs into concrete data science and/or engineering problems
* Experiment with and evaluate potential solutions to develop high quality prototypes
* Work with our engineering team to turn prototypes into scalable production-level software
* Work on agentic systems – designing prototypes, adding tools, evaluating effectiveness
* Be responsible for projects that span statistical and mathematical reasoning, business communications and leadership, and software development
* Contribute to the product roadmap both near-term tactical and  longer-term strategic levels
* Experiment with a range of data science techniques to produce insight, including machine learning, deep learning, network analysis, sampling methodologies, text analytics in multiple languages and data visualization
* Design and execute experiments to evaluate the integrity of our data sampling and data collection strategies
* Work on ad-hoc analyses or build prototype tools to support our subject matter expert and customer support teams
* Participate in strategic discussions about the direction data science should be taking the company

**Here are some of the skills and experience that will help you thrive in this role:**

* **Background**
  + Strong quantitative background with Bachelor’s degree in Physics, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, or similar field. Higher degrees preferred
  + You have 3+ years experience in a Data Science role (or 1+ with a PhD), including 2+ years experience with Python programming language (Intermediate-level or higher)
* **Technical**
  + Experience with agentic and generative AI. Examples include
    - Building agentic systems
    - Building tools for agentic systems
    - Evaluating agentic systems and/or generative AI solutions
    - LangChain and/or LangGraph frameworks
    - Model Context Protocol and Agent2Agent Protocol
    - Prompt engineering
    - Leveraging LLMs within analytical pipelines
    - Training or fine-tuning LLMs
  + Experience with Machine Learning, including
    - * Feature selection/engineering
      * Model training
      * Model evaluation
      * Supervised and Unsupervised ML
      * Simulation
      * Anomaly detection
  + A good understanding of statistics, including familiarity with statistical tests, distributions, and maximum likelihood estimators
  + Previous experience with code version control
  + Familiarity with software development processes and tools like the Agile methodology and Jira
* **Project Ownership**
  + You’ve scoped and planned data science projects and have the ability to creatively navigate technical limitations, iterate to solve hard questions, and learn quickly and independently.
  + You are comfortable leading solutions for ambiguous tasks and complex problems, and are capable of independently providing solutions that fit within the business strategy.
  + You propose pragmatic solutions that are as simple as possible and can be iterated upon
  + You're comfortable working remotely on a distributed data science team with a diverse set of skills and life experiences, while embedded in a product team as owner of data science innovations to the product.
* **Communication**
  + You have strong written and verbal communication skills to both technical and non-technical customers. You have experience participating in meetings with a multitude of stakeholders (e.g., Product, Engineering, Operations, Management) and can communicate in a crisp manner. Mastery of English is required for this role, including communication at all levels of technical expertise.

**Clearance:** Must be eligible and willing to obtain a clearance.

**Travel:** Up to 10% Travel  
  
#LI-MS1

#Remote

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$100,000—$150,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
