---
title: Senior Principal Cybersecurity Researcher
status: active
id: '5892477004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5892477004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T12:52:25-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- TE2 Effects - Embedded Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is actively seeking a **Senior Principal Cybersecurity Researcher** to join our Trusted Electronics & Effects team. The team comprises intellectual individuals passionate about reverse engineering, vulnerability research, and low-level programming. The team is growing and looking for someone with an advanced technical background who has an understanding of how to solve complex challenges and inspire creativity to address a wide range of difficult problems. If you have a passion for uncovering deep-seated software flaws and developing innovative mitigation strategies, our team wants to talk to you!

**What you will do**

* Direct the planning and execution of high-visibility, mission-critical programs, providing expert technical leadership and innovation in reverse engineering (RE) and vulnerability research (VR).
* Tackle complex problems with no known solutions, demonstrating a high degree of creativity while mentoring a team of technical experts to foster growth and knowledge-sharing.
* Author authoritative technical reports, white papers, and proposals that clearly convey research findings and cybersecurity solutions to both technical and business stakeholders.
* Exert a leadership presence across the company, contributing to strategy development and ensuring customer satisfaction by delivering cutting-edge solutions aligned with national security requirements.

**What you will need (basic qualifications)**

* Demonstrated expertise in advanced cybersecurity research concepts typically acquired in a similar technical role.
* Expert-level proficiency in two or more of the following: low-level programming (C/C++, Assembly) and the use of industry-standard disassemblers and decompilers, binary re-hosting frameworks to enable dynamic analysis, and building custom greybox/blackbox fuzzing harnesses.
* Proven experience in vulnerability research (VR), including attack surface triage, identifying vulnerabilities, and developing proof-of-concept exploits to demonstrate security impact.
* Extensive experience in technical mentorship and training, with a history of providing thorough solutions to complex problems and guiding less experienced team members.
* Experience leading complex technical projects in reverse engineering/vulnerability research (RE/VR) or R&D for National Security customers.
* Experience delivering high‑quality technical documentation—such as vulnerability research and findings, industry white papers, and competitive proposals—that distills complex cybersecurity concepts for diverse audiences.
* Experience in a client-facing technical role, demonstrating strong communication and stakeholder management skills.
* Active Top Secret clearance and willingness to obtain and maintain an SCI clearance.

**Nice to have (preferred)**

* Master’s or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
* Familiarity with embedded systems binary reverse engineering (e.g., ARM/MIPS/PPC arch, RTOS, Linux, Baremetal) or cryptographic design principles.
* Experience in trusted computing design and implementation principles.
* Experience with digital signals (e.g., UART, JTAG, SPI, I2C) or network protocol analysis.
* Experience with accelerated RE/VR tools that speed up discovery, analysis, and validation.
* Recognized standing within the external technical community, including experience in publishing articles or speaking at external engagements.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret clearance and willingness to obtain and maintain an SCI clearance.

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$207,598—$311,397 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
