---
title: Senior Security Manager - CPSO
status: active
id: '5987751004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5987751004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T09:36:26-04:00'
location: Herndon, Virginia
departments:
- 'Security '
offices:
- TST Main Office (13865 Sunrise Valley Dr) - Herndon, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is growing and we are looking for a **Senior Security Manager - CPSO with solid personnel security** to join our team. You will play a key role in administering and overseeing the Security program for one of our IC customers at our new Herndon facility, to include implementing policies and programs to ensure government compliance and managing day-to-day operations.

You will work out of our **Herndon, VA** office with local travel as needed.  
  
**What you will do**:

* Perform the duties of Contractor Program Security Officer (CPSO) in support of our Intelligence Community (IC) customers.
* Utilize your knowledge and experience supporting IC agencies in personnel, information and physical security while establishing site procedures and successfully carrying out the mission.
* Process and maintain employee clearances, access, visit certifications, badges, document control, briefings, debriefing, security database records, and on-boarding.
* Work with our Government customers to obtain accreditation and approval. Be familiar with the process of submitting Fixed Facility Checklists, Construction Security Plans and Tempest Checklists.
* Ensure the implementation of security measures and the safeguarding of personnel, facilities, and information through the implementation of security procedures in compliance with the 32 CFR Part 117, National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) Rule, Intelligence Community Directives (ICDs), Security Executive Agent Directives (SEADs), applicable executive orders, laws, and contractual requirements.
* Establish and maintain strong working relationships with our government customers and well as our internal Two Six teams. Work closely with the Headquarters Security Team in Arlington, VA to ensure consistent policies and procedures across the organization.
* Responsible for the successful preparation and completion of security inspections and audits by our government customers.
* Coordinate and monitor highly sensitive aspects of the special security programs, ensuring compliance with government and company security policies and procedures.
* Provide agency-level technical expertise concerning physical security, industrial security and contractor clearance processes.
* Work with the customer on establishing classified network connectivity.

**What you will need:**

* Bachelor's degree or additional related experience
* 5+ years of related Security Management work experience with IC
* Solid experience with **Personnel Security** and one or more of the additional security disciplines - Physical, Technical, Cyber, and/or Operational, and the willingness to become proficient in all disciplines
* Practical knowledge of Security Databases such as DISS, e-QUIP and Scattered Castles
* Working knowledge of Intelligence Community Directives (ICD’s) and the ability to integrate the ICD requirements into a successful security program
* Working knowledge of NISPOM 32 CFR Part 117 and ICDs
* Knowledge in management of SCIFs/SAPFs across various government agencies
* Experience writing SOP manuals, procedures and OPSEC plans
* Working knowledge of COMSEC account procedures and in the keying of encryption devices

**Clearance Requirements:**

* Candidate must have an active TS/SCI w/Poly

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$167,675—$201,210 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
