---
title: Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '5988555004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5988555004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T13:03:11-04:00'
location: Chantilly, Virginia
departments:
- DA Advanced Analytics - Mission Analytics
offices:
- Customer Site - Chantilly, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is actively seeking a skilled and proactive Principal Systems Engineer to join our team. The successful candidate is responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure.

This individual participates in the whole process lifecycle from technical research to enable continuing innovation within the infrastructure through to application/product delivery. This individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational values, enabling staff, volunteers, and Partners. The successful candidate will be managing the functionality and efficiency of multiple Domains of computers running Windows operating systems. They will manage a Windows domain, using Active Directory, Group Policy, SCCM, PowerShell, VMWare, and Centrify.

**Location:** Chantilly, VA.

**What you will do:**

* Lead the Windows team in performing their duties, design/architect projects and future tech
* Continually keep abreast of new and emerging technology and evaluate for bringing into domain
* Manages the configuration and compliance of several Windows domains
* Maintains the integrity and security of servers and systems through approval and processing of patches
* Evaluate what systems, services and processes can be moved to the cloud and build automated scripts to perform those functions
* Interact with users and evaluate vendor products
* Research and recommends hardware and software, coordinates installation and provides backup recovery
* Monitors policies and standards for allocation related to the use of computing resources
* Automate and perform standard Windows tasks in PowerShell
* Leverage system automation tools and enhance the efficiency of the team with automation
* Oversees implementation of testing strategies, development environments and documentation of results
* Provides advice and training to end-users
* Uses VMWare to build and maintain virtual machines and present desktops to Users
* Responsibilities sometimes require working evenings and weekends, sometimes with little advanced notice

**What you will need:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other related technical disciplines.
* Minimum of 10 years of related network engineering experience, or equivalent combination of education, technical certifications/training, and/or work experience.
* Expertise in Active Directory architecture, management, and deep Group Policy deployment.
* Proficiency in PowerShell scripting for task automation and software packaging/deployment using SCCM.
* Experience with VMWare ESXi, VMWare Horizon, and Citrix Virtual Desktop and Applications.
* Knowledge of PKI and certificate management for domains.
* AWS and Azure Cloud experience.

**Nice If You Have:**

* Centrify (Delinea) Server Suite and Privileged Access Server
* Avamar backup software
* Linux knowledge
* Knowledge of iSCSI and storage arrays
* Networking Skills

**Clearance Requirement:**  
• Active TS/SCI with Polygraph

#LI-JS

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$146,400—$263,800 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
