---
title: Full Stack Developer
status: active
id: '5989809004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5989809004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T15:25:45-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T15:39:38-04:00'
location: Colorado Springs, Colorado
departments:
- DA Mission Systems - Mission Ops
offices:
- TST Office (1975 Research Parkway) - Colorado Springs, CO
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Full-Stack Developer** to support the development of web-based infrastructure and applications powering critical cybersecurity and national security research programs. In this role, you’ll contribute to high-impact platforms that ingest, analyze, and contextualize complex data to support decision-making and operational agility.

You’ll work side-by-side with product teams, DevOps engineers, and operators to design scalable software systems, integrate advanced backend services, and enhance overall system performance, usability, and transition readiness. This position is ideal for an engineer who thrives in fast-moving, mission-driven environments and enjoys working at the intersection of backend systems, cloud infrastructure, and user-facing capabilities.

The work is hybrid and the selected candidate will work up to 3 days a week in our Colorado Springs, CO office.

#### **What You’ll Do**

* Develop, test, and maintain scalable full-stack web applications supporting mission-critical operational systems
* Build user interfaces, REST APIs, backend logic, and data workflows to support analytics pipelines
* Participate in infrastructure modernization efforts including containerization, cloud deployment (AWS), and automated CI/CD integration
* Support integration of new data sources and back-end capabilities to improve mission-driven analytics
* Conduct code reviews, contribute to design discussions, and champion best practices across development and deployment workflows
* Be responsible for developing complete functionality of features from the front-end to the back-end given broad requirements
* Define and implement user interfaces, working closely with other team members including program management, engineering, and design

#### **What you will need (Basic Qualifications):**

* Bachelor’s degree with 5+ years of software development experience OR Master’s degree with 2+ years of experience
* Strong experience with modern frontend frameworks (Vue.js preferred)
* Proficient in Python and Golang, with experience managing packaging, testing, and virtual environments (where applicable).
* Comfortable working in Linux-based environments with tools like Git
* Exposure to infrastructure technologies such as Docker, container registries, and CI/CD tools (e.g., GitLab, Jenkins)
* Strong understanding of API development and data integration, with experience working with database technologies such as PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, Neo4j, etc.
* Experience leading or mentoring junior engineers
* Ensure the successful completion of program deliverables through sound technical judgment

#### **Nice to Have (Preferred):**

* An active DoD clearance (Secret or above)
* Experience deploying applications in cloud environments (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.)
* Familiarity with Infrastructure-as-Code practices and tools (e.g., Terraform, Ansible)
* Prior work on DoD or national security projects, including operational transition to end users
* Experience working in agile, cross-functional development teams

#### **Security Clearance:**

* Eligibility and willingness to obtain a U.S. security clearance of Top Secret level

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$125,000—$175,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
