---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer '
status: active
id: '5990878004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5990878004
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:59:19-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T08:48:29-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- DA - Mission Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

As a Two Six Technologies **Senior Software Engineer** for web hosted services, you will work with the product team to develop and implement new features with developers and operators to help shape program functionality and usability. You will be a core developer inclusive of APIs, external integrations, and associated data management. You will help scale-up our data pipeline services that extract, transform, and load data into a web service to contextualize networks. You will play a key role in our successful research and delivering solutions for our transition partners.

**Job Responsibilities Include**:

* Development, versioning, and maintenance of our application and management of the code base
* Shape the operationalization and transition to government and industry users
* Develop new features per emerging user needs
* Collaborate in the creation and integration of new data sources, user workflows, and long-term solutions for scaling and other software concerns
* Collaborate in the evaluation and implementation of cutting-edge libraries and technologies
* Partner with other developers on cloudification, containerization, and productization of their applications
* Engage with peers to review solutions and help ensure our team delivers maintainable and extensible solutions

**Minimum Qualifications**

* Advanced degree with 4+ years of experience or Bachelor’s degree with 6+ years of experience.
* Minimum of 5-7 years of experience working with backend technologies
* Minimum of 2 years of experience with API development and data pipeline development
* Golang fluency including packaging, testing, and requirements management or similar

**Nice-to-haves:**

* Knowledge of ETL tools/frameworks
* Open source project development experience
* Experience with Linux, git
* Docker and container registry experience
* AWS S3 or EC2 familiarity
* Familiarity with team collaboration

**Clearance Requirements:**

* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a government security clearance up to TS/SCI level

#LI-MS1

#hybrid

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$125,000—$187,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
