---
title: 'Senior Network Infrastructure Engineer '
status: active
id: '5991880004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5991880004
lastmod: '2026-05-20T11:25:36-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T15:11:53-04:00'
location: Laurel, Maryland
departments:
- Special Mission Services (SM)
offices:
- TST Office (9435 Washington Blvd N) - Laurel, MD
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Senior Network Infrastructure Engineer** who will be responsible for designing, maintaining, and implementing technical solutions for complex problems. The candidate will provide technical oversight of a project solution, including requirement interpretation and allocation of requirements to technical components. He or she will define processes to support the implementation of requirements and ensure that technical solutions leverage industry best practices, designing for security and excellence while minimizing the total cost of ownership. You will need to be able to define internal and external customer IT infrastructure architecture needs and then design solutions to meet those needs to include: capacity planning, systems configuration and tuning, monitoring backups, and installations of hardware and software.

The work will be hybrid, based out of our Laurel, Maryland office.

**What you will do:**

* Manage and direct internal IT systems and personnel
* Lead efforts to ensure that complex systems are ready for use and quick reaction requests are met as needed
* Participates in the development and implementation of the network infrastructure in field offices, including physical and logical design of network and telecom infrastructure, analyzing existing network platforms and systems, and recommending solutions.
* Provides technical input in the design, installation, maintenance, and support of network infrastructure
* Support tight-looped development and integration production cycles
* Support large virtualized environment in a Linux environment
* Support an Elasticsearch cluster
* Process and testing automation
* Continual learning, particularly with respect to cybersecurity principles
* Collaboration and communication across teams and projects

**What you will need to be successful:**

* Experience with Linux system administration
* 5+ years of experience configuring, designing, maintaining, and troubleshooting LAN/WAN devices
* Thorough understanding of network routing concepts (BGP, IP)
* 5+ years of experience configuring/maintaining Cisco switches (focus on Nexus)
* 5+ years of experience in Networking, Security, Design implementation, and Operational support
* Experience designing and implementing Routers, Switches, Firewalls, and Security Software
* Experience with Layer 2 and Layer 3 switching, routing and VLANs.
* Experience configuring/maintaining other (non-Cisco) hardware firewall devices such as VyOS
* Experience with network monitoring technologies
* Experience with virtualization environments such as ProxMox and/or VMware
* Ability to take ambiguous requirements or problems and convert them into technical solutions
* Ability to partner with systems administrators, storage administrators, and application developers to solve complex problems
* Complex problem management research and issue resolution
* Ability to mentor junior network engineers
* Reviewing and identifying security vulnerabilities and applying remediation
* Command of scripting languages such as Python and Bash
* Experience with infrastructure automation tools such as Ansible and Docker
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance

**Nice to Haves:**

* Experience with classified lab networks and requirements (SCIF or SAPF)
* Experience with LDAP/Kerberos authentication protocols
* Understanding of modern software languages and command line interface
* Experience with Elasticsearch node setup, configuration and troubleshooting
* Cloud experience (AWS, Azure, etc.)
* Security best practices and implementing firewalls and perimeter security measures including VPN technologies
* Continuous integration, test automation and/or SecDevOps on iterative development projects

**Security Clearance**:

* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance

**#LI-MS1**

**#hybrid**

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$110,000—$170,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
