---
title: 'China Subject Matter Expert '
status: active
id: '5996349004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5996349004
lastmod: '2026-05-15T14:01:08-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T13:54:17-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- DA IO - OPSTC
offices:
- 100% Remote
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

China Subject Matter Expert, Mission Support Team

At Two Six Technologies, we strive to solve problems collaboratively, innovate and respond to feedback, and include, thank, celebrate, and be kind to our team members. As an analyst on our team, you will be surrounded by and expected to embody these values, working on your own and with your team to find creative solutions and tackle challenging problems with cutting-edge technology.

This position is fully remote, just like the rest of the Mission Support Team. Our normal business hours tend to align with the East Coast but are flexible. We require new TST employees, even in remote roles, to maintain a US-based residence.

Overview of Opportunity

We're looking for someone to join the Mission Support Team as we decipher operations in the information environment (OIE) for discerning US government clients. We decode the Chinese government’s manipulation of the global information space, and we are looking for an analyst to join our team of China subject matter experts (SMEs) to help us curate and analyze signal-rich data to extract actionable insights about Chinese government OIE.

What you’ll do

As a China subject matter expert (SME) at Two Six Technologies, you will bring your Mandarin skills, China cultural expertise, knowledge of the regional social media landscape, data analytics techniques, and creative thinking to help solve some of the most important foreign policy questions facing the US Government today.

You'll work with the rest of the Mission Support Team to:

• Use our internal data tool suite to identify trends and anomalous events.  
• Work with colleagues to interpret these findings for our clients in short- and long-form analytic reports.  
• Work with our data scientists and engineers to develop methods to improve our capacity to turn curated, open-source data collection into actionable insights.  
• Maintain, augment, and analyze our current data feeds, involving research of both Mandarin- and English-language content.  
• Identify and explore new online data sources in English and Mandarin.

We are especially interested in and will prioritize candidates with experience in both qualitative and quantitative analysis. However, we do not expect our new SME team members to be data scientists. We train all SMEs in quantitative methods and AI/ML tools and create space for them to hone their ability to work with complex technical systems. If you are a curious and motivated China expert who is not intimidated by data analysis—we want, you to work with us.

What you will need (basic qualifications):

• Professional fluency in Mandarin required (level comparable to HSK V, TOCFL 5, or DLPT/ILR 3).  
• Experience living, working, and/or studying in China.  
• Deep knowledge of Chinese culture, including modern history and society.  
• Familiarity with the Chinese social media landscape and language used on these platforms.  
• Knowledge of international relations and/or the Asia-Pacific region (China in particular).  
• Strong writing skills, especially with crafting concise, data-oriented reports.  
• Demonstrated initiative and problem-solving skills.  
• Great organization, attention to detail, ability to work within and meet deadlines.  
• Proficiency in office technology, including Google Drive, Google Docs, Microsoft Office, Slack, and video call software.

Nice if you Have:

• Skills that will allow you to also support Russia analysis, including Russian language, degree in Russian studies or related field, time living in or near Russia, or past professional experience.  
• Secret or Top-Secret Security clearance  
• Past experience working for the US government or with US government customers.  
• Coding skills and experience with process automation, such as familiarity with scripting languages (e.g., Python, SQL)

What you can gain from this job:

• The opportunity to use your China expertise as a core function of your work.  
• Experience working on a team of intelligent, innovative, collaborative experts on regions around the world, as well as interacting with operators, data scientists, and engineers across the broader team.  
• Support to improve your analysis, writing, and presentation skills to a higher professional level, through training and opportunities to interact with customers.  
• Exposure to helping US Government clients answer complex, high-stakes questions.  
• Latitude to develop data analysis or other technical skills on the job and through external training.

Clearance Requirement:

• This role’s work is unclassified and no clearance is required, though all applicants must meet the requirements to hold a US security clearance.

#LI-JB1

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$90,000—$110,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
