---
title: 'Programmatic Ad Operations Specialist '
status: active
id: '5999953004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5999953004
lastmod: '2026-07-10T10:31:26-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T15:11:08-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- DA IO - OPSTC
offices:
- 100% Remote
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies seeks a skilled **Programmatic Ad Operations Special**ist to bridge the gap between commercial advertising technology and US Government. You will serve as a technical expert on our software suite, enabling the delivery within the global information environment. This is a hands-on, strategic position in which you will work with customers to architect targeted messaging campaigns to enhance complex missions around the world. You will report to the Advertising Lead in a team of two, overseeing programmatic advertising operations for our clients and internal teams

This is a remote position. Some travel required to meet customers on site, up to bimonthly.

## Key Responsibilities

This role will collaborate in buildout of training programs, optimizing programmatic campaigns, campaign performance reporting, advising on ad creative builds and contributing to the development of the overall ad tech operations structure.

* **Deliver Customer Solutions:** Provide real time support for customers conducting advertising and messaging campaigns, including with demand service providers (DSPs), ad creatives, sizing, and metrics tracking. You will:

+ Work directly with customers to understand their strategic objectives and mapping them to our software's capabilities, demonstrating how our tools can be used for targeted information campaign
+ Setup programmatic display campaigns across various channels, troubleshoot technical issues related to ad delivery and tracking.
+ Collaborate with a variety of stakeholders to recommend strategies and optimizations for campaigns

* **Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME):** Bring a strong foundational knowledge of advertising technology and stay up-to-date on changes in this fast moving industry so that you can act as a SME for our customers and internal users.

+ Stay updated on emerging programmatic technologies and platforms, understand the competitive landscape, and maintain a deep, practical knowledge of features, capabilities, and technical specifications of our software.
+ Draft analytical reports and brief stakeholders
+ Investigate and onboard new ad tech partners and execute regular testing to best understand how to maximize ad campaign performance.

* **Operational Knowledge Management:** Proactively create and maintain a comprehensive knowledge base for our internal teams, including sales, customer success, and product. You will conduct training for employees and customers on best practices and new ad tech offerings, maintain training materials and reference documents, and manage AdTech ticketing systems.

## Required Skills and Qualifications

* **AdTech SME experience**, including launching advertising campaigns, managing performance and making real-time adjustments, and tracking and reporting campaign metrics internally and to customers.
  + At least 2 years of relevant experience, with an emphasis on programmatic advertising operations.
  + Strong understanding of programmatic advertising principles, including real-time bidding (RTB), ad exchanges, and DSPs.
  + Experience with programmatic ad platforms like Beeswax, Google DV360, The Trade Desk, or Xandr.
  + Understanding of digital advertising standards and Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) specs.
* **Strong communication skills, planning, and attention to detail** to ensure we understand customer needs, launch precise, effective campaigns, track and meet multiple deadlines, and impress with best-in-industry performance.
  + Solid project management skills, with the ability to multitask, prioritize, and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
  + Experience in conducting training in person and virtually to a diverse audience
  + Creating and updating training materials in various tools and formats (video, Google docs) including confluence
* **Rigorous analytic skills**, including reporting metrics to internal stakeholders and customers, thinking of new ways to boost metrics and report campaign results to highlight impact. Familiarity with spreadsheets, JIRA, and AI tools.
  + Expertise in data analysis and reporting using tools like Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, and Excel
* **Collaboration and communication,** as the position will need to work with our advertising lead and all other members of the Deliver team. The position will share information and collaborate on customer support across our Operations and Tradecraft group, on-site customer reps, and other parts of the DA business unit who are carrying out advertising work.
  + Expertise in office automation and communication tools Google Workspace, Microsoft Office, Slack, Zoom
  + Experience with managing and navigating ticketing systems such as JIRA, Bugzilla
* **Clearance:**  Eligibility to obtain and maintain a government clearance up to TS/SCI level

## Additional Desired Skills & Qualifications

* **Clearance:** Active **TS/SCI security clearance** is highly preferred
* Knowledge of mobile telecommunications as it relates to advertising technology (adtech)
* Knowledge of Data Management Platform systems
* Experience with data visualization and analytics tools
* Bachelors or advanced degree in marketing, advertising, or related field

#LI-MS1

#remote

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$105,000—$150,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
