---
title: 'Systems Engineer '
status: active
id: '6008610004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6008610004
lastmod: '2026-06-02T15:19:34-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T16:52:46-04:00'
location: Laurel, Maryland
departments:
- DA Mission Systems - Mission Ops
offices:
- TST Office (9435 Washington Blvd N, Suite M & N) - Laurel, MD
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is searching for a **Systems Engineer** to manage hybrid simulation environments by leveraging Infrastructure as Code (IaC) and virtualization platforms like Proxmox and OpenStack. You will be responsible for the end-to-end lifecycle of network scenarios, from testing hardware and software solutions to documenting SOPs and automating deployments with tools like Terraform and Ansible. Beyond technical maintenance, you will bridge the gap between engineering and education by developing and leading technical training sessions for both virtual and in-person audiences. This role requires a blend of automation mindset, networking knowledge, and the creative ability to emulate realistic threat environments to ensure operational readiness.   
  
This work will be onsite at our Laurel, MD office with up to 10% travel.

* **Responsibilities:**
  + Operate and maintain a hybrid cyber range
  + Understand and emulate network scenarios with Infrastructure as Code
  + Test and validate software and hardware solutions before deployment
  + Document SOPs and find ways to iteratively improve processes
  + Develop and conduct virtual and/or in-person training sessions

* **Qualifications**
  + 3+ years of experience in cyber operations, IT, or developer roles
  + 1 - 2 years of experience with Python and basic Linux/Bash functions
  + 1+ years of experience with running Docker containers (Docker Compose)
  + Experience with virtualization platforms such as Proxmox and Openstack to create and manage virtual machines
  + Active Top Secret level clearance

* **Preferred Skills**
  + Proficiency with DevOps frameworks like Packer, Terraform, and Ansible
  + Experience configuring routers and switches (like Cisco, Juniper, and Aruba)
  + Experience with operating network sensor technologies such as Security Onion
  + Experience with threat emulation using frameworks such as Caldera
  + Experience with datacenter operations like planning and physically connecting network devices
  + Experience with teaching technical curriculum in formal classroom settings
  + Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent

* **Clearance Requirements**
  + Active TS Clearance with eligibility for SCI

#LI-MS1

#onsite

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$112,000—$150,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
