---
title: 'Hardware Reverse Engineer '
status: active
id: '6008652004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6008652004
lastmod: '2026-06-03T09:25:19-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T16:56:25-04:00'
location: Laurel, Maryland
departments:
- DA Mission Systems - Mission Ops
offices:
- TST Office (9435 Washington Blvd N, Suite M & N) - Laurel, MD
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Hardware Reverse Engineer** to will tackle unsolved hardware and software problems in order to find vulnerabilities and mitigate them on mission critical platforms. For each assessment, you will also be responsible for communicating findings to both technical and non-technical stakeholders in order to inform business and security decisions. When not analyzing systems, you will work with the testbed team in operating a cyber range, used for testing and validating various engineering prototypes.   
  
This work will be onsite at our Laurel, MD office with  up to 25% travel.

**Responsibilities**

* Reverse engineer and analyze complex embedded systems to understand behaviors and identify vulnerabilities
* Draft technical reports related to the function, characteristics, and any potential vulnerabilities of hardware and firmware
* Rapidly prototype innovative technologies to analyze and exploit target systems
* Document SOPs and find ways to iteratively improve processes

**Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical discipline
* Equivalent practical experience in security research, reverse engineering, vulnerability research, or exploit development may substitute for a degree
* 5+ years of hands-on experience with at least one of the following:
* Experience developing on embedded systems such as high speed data devices or system-on-modules
* Experience analyzing and reverse engineering binaries (x86/ARM/AVR)
* Debugging embedded systems using tools such as JTAG, UART, oscilloscopes, and logic analyzers
* 3+ years with programming in Python, Bash, and C
* Active Top Secret level clearance with eligibility for SCI

**Preferred Skills**

* Experience as part of small R&D teams composed of researchers, engineers, and scientists
* Experience scripting with the Binary Ninja API or Ghidra to automate complex reverse engineering workflows

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret level clearance with eligibility for SCI

#LI-MS1

#onsite

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$130,000—$190,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
