---
title: Senior Cybersecurity Researcher
status: active
id: '6018909004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6018909004
lastmod: '2026-07-09T16:44:25-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T12:09:16-04:00'
location: Herndon, Virginia
departments:
- TE2 Effects - Comm Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (13865 Sunrise Valley Dr) - Herndon, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

**Join the Trusted Electronics & Effects team at Two Six Technologies in Herndon, Virginia**, where we push the boundaries of software and firmware reverse engineering to uncover vulnerabilities in wireless and embedded systems. As part of our elite team of security researchers, you’ll work alongside CNO developers and hardware engineers, conducting cutting-edge vulnerability research on complex, real-world targets.

Our government customers rely on us to deliver mission-critical security solutions, and we’re looking for a **Software Reverse Engineer** who thrives on reverse engineering embedded systems, discovering security weaknesses, and developing innovative proof-of-concept exploits. If you’re passionate about wireless security, embedded firmware analysis, and making an impact on national security, we want you on our team.

**What you will do:**

* Reverse engineer wireless and embedded systems, identifying vulnerabilities and assessing their security impact.
* Develop proof-of-concept exploits for discovered vulnerabilities following DevOps best practices for keeping code bases organized and maintainable.
* Analyze firmware, software protections, and wireless protocols to uncover security flaws.
* Utilize and develop custom tools to analyze and manipulate software/firmware binaries.
* Collaborate closely with CNO developers, vulnerability researchers, and hardware engineers in a fast-paced, small-team environment.
* Solve complex technical challenges with no predefined solutions.

**What You’ll Need (Basic Qualifications):**

* Bachelor’s (or higher) degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent practical experience).
* Proficient with programming/scripting languages such as C/C++, Python, and Linux command-line environments.
* Experience with reverse engineering and vulnerability research, using tools such as IDA Pro, Binary Ninja, or Ghidra.
* Expertise in one or more of the following:

+ Firmware analysis (ARM, MIPS, PowerPC, RTOS).
+ Firmware rehosting using emulation tools such as QEMU
+ Fuzzing and exploit development.
+ Binary obfuscation and anti-analysis techniques.
+ Wireless protocols and radio signal analysis.
+ File system forensics and fault injection frameworks.

**Nice to Have (Preferred):**

* Experience scripting with Binary Ninja API or Ghidra.
* Experience in embedded software development using C/C++ for RTOS or Linux environments.
* Knowledge of cryptographic security and secure boot mechanisms.
* Hands-on experience working with hardware debugging tools, JTAG/SWD, or software-defined radio (SDR) frameworks.
* Familiarity with digital signal processing, wireless security protocols, RF signal processing, and side-channel analysis.
* Client-facing experience in technical roles.
* Active TS/SCI with Polygraph preferred.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret Clearance is required with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI security clearance

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$113,936—$163,473 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
