---
title: 'Non-Kinetic - Field Operations Engineer '
status: active
id: '6018672004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6018672004
lastmod: '2026-06-17T15:36:00-04:00'
date: '2026-06-10T16:43:27-04:00'
location: Aiea, Hawaii
departments:
- DA Mission Systems - Mission Ops
offices:
- Customer Site - Aiea, HI
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Non-Kinetic - Field Operations Engineer** to work onsite at U.S. Indo-Pacific Command, Honolulu, HI.

**Responsibilities:**

* Provide customer support through the performance of on-site installation, as well as overseeing any necessary diagnoses, troubleshooting, service, and repair of systems.
* Integrate Two Six Technology solutions to support and integrate Non-Kinetics capabilities into Joint Planning Groups.
* Demonstration of key joint publication requirements supporting these mission areas is mandatory.
* Support Combatant Command and Operational Headquarters during Joint exercises and experiments.
* Perform critical thinking skills to apply Two Six Technology solutions to address customer problem sets.
* Participate in the establishment, measurement, and achievement of customer satisfaction metrics.
* Perform project management function from client engagements to include identification, scheduling, tracking, and reporting.
* Provide client feature requests to project engineering teams and project support personnel.
* Develop and write documentation as required.
* Brief and demonstrate company projects to a variety of customers (government and non-government agencies).
* Train and familiarize operators on equipment and systems developed by Two Six Technologies.
* Support an environment conducive to successful team interaction and customer satisfaction.

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years experience supporting the Information Warfare community; such as Space, Electromagnetic Warfare, Cyber, Cryptology and Signals Intelligence, Military Deception, and Information Operations
* 2+ years experience supporting an Operational or Combatant Command staff; previous Operational or Combatant Command Staff experience and knowledge of key battle rhythm events that support warfighting.
* The ability for travel greater than 25%
* Strong, results-oriented work ethic and customer service orientation.
* Active DoD Secret security clearance and with the ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance are required up to TS/SCI and poly

**Nice to Have:**

* Joint Fires Courses Joint Fires and Effects Course
  + Joint Integrated Fires and Effects Course (JIFEC), Joint Staff Action Officer Course (JSAOC), Maritime Staff Operators Course (MSOC)
* Space Planner Courses
  + Joint Space Planner Course (JSPC), Maritime Space Operations Integration Course (MSOPIC), Space Operations Officer Qualification Course (SOOQC), Naval Space Operations Course (NSOC)
* Understanding of Joint Fires process for both Kinetic and Non-Kinetic operations.
* Experience supporting Operational and Combatant Command exercises and experiments
* Cyber Mission Force (CMF) organizational construct, tools/capabilities utilized in cyberspace operations and experience in system/network administration, incident response and forensic analysis
* Programming and query language experience is a strong plus; Python, SQL
* Experience with DevOps and/or Agile is a huge plus; Atlassian collaboration tools
* Possess strong project management skills, with attention to detail
* Government or military experience

**Clearance:**

* Active DoD Secret security clearance and with the ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance are required up to TS/SCI and poly

#LI-JS3

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$130,000—$175,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
