---
title: Principal Cybersecurity Engineer
status: active
id: '6020305004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6020305004
lastmod: '2026-06-11T14:11:11-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T14:11:11-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- IT and InfoSec
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is growing and we are seeking a **Principal Cybersecurity Engineer** to join our Corporate Team. As the Principal Cybersecurity Engineer you will analyze, plan, implement, maintain, troubleshoot and enhance large complex systems and networks. Ideally you would possess a wide range of security experience as well as expert knowledge of NIST 800 series 800-53, 171 and CMMC 2.0 compliance in a Federal Government Contracting Environment.

This is a **hybrid** position working from our **Arlington, VA office.**

**WHAT YOU WILL DO:**

* Work directly with team leads, developers and operations personnel both on policy and technical implementation of technologies.
* Architect, designs, implements, maintains and operates information system security controls and countermeasures; supervises and trains operators in the administration of these systems; documents the operation, use, and expected outputs of these systems.
* Analyze and recommend security controls and procedures in business processes related to use of information systems and assets, and provide oversight to ensure compliance.
* Monitor information systems for security incidents and vulnerabilities; develops monitoring and visibility capabilities; reports on incidents, vulnerabilities, and trends to IT or executive management.
* Oversee the response to information system security incidents, including investigation of, countermeasures to, and recovery from computer-based attacks, unauthorized access, and policy breaches; engages, interacts and coordinates with third-party incident responders, including law enforcement.
* Oversee the administration of authentication and access controls, including security/access roles, and access permissions to information assets.
* Analyze trends, news and changes in threat and compliance environment with respect to organizational risk; advises organization management and develops and executes mitigation of risk; oversees risk and compliance self-assessments, and engages and coordinates third-party risk and compliance assessments.
* Analyze and oversee the development of information security governance, including organizational policies, procedures, standards, baselines and guidelines with respect to information security and use and operation of information security management frameworks such as NIST 800-171 and CMMC 2.0.
* Oversee the development and administration of information security training and awareness programs.

**WHAT YOU WILL NEED:**

* Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology (IT), or a related discipline, or equivalent combination of education and work experience
* 8+ years of solid, diverse experience in Cyber Security Engineering and Incident Response
* 2+ years in people management/leadership experience
* Ability to lead, motivate and direct team members; and strong performance management skills to include coaching and goal setting
* Ability to demonstrate analytical skills, technical knowledge, and practical application of cyber and information security principles from technical teams to senior executives
* Knowledge of enterprise security solutions (Endpoint Detection and Response, Security information and Event Management, IT services management and Cloud, etc.).
* Knowledge of intrusion detection methodologies and techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusions via intrusion detection technologies
* Knowledge of network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth)
* Knowledge of an organization's information classification program and procedures for information compromise
* Proven experience in an information assurance, IT Risk and Compliance, information security, IT & Security audit, collaborating with external auditors (3PAOs) or other similar IT role involving IT security and compliance
* High level of proficiency in supporting a variety of NIST 800-171 & CMMC functions, including: client environment as-is assessments, Plan of Action & Milestones (POAM) identification & documentation, non-compliance remediation and recommendations, policy and procedure creation, and separation of duties

**WHAT WE WOULD LIKE:**

* CISSP Certification
* Direct experience in network security (SOC, SIRT, CSIRT) investigating targeted intrusions through complex network segments
* Experience working as a part of a Third Party Assessment Organization (3PAO)
* Linux and scripting languages experience
* Demonstrated skill of identifying, capturing, containing, and reporting malware
* Experience with Cloud Computing Technologies (AWS, GCP, Azure)
* AWS Certification
* Experience administering additional security tools such as VPN, Sumo Logic, Qualys, and Automox

**Security Clearance Needed:**

An active Top Secret clearance

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$197,000—$246,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
