---
title: 'Lead Full Stack Engineer '
status: active
id: '6026706004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6026706004
lastmod: '2026-06-16T12:00:07-04:00'
date: '2026-06-16T12:00:07-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- DA - Mission Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

As a Two Six Technologies **Lead Full-Stack Engineer** for web hosted services, you will work with the product team to develop and implement new features with developers and operators to help shape program functionality and usability. You will be a core developer inclusive of user interfaces, APIs, the full stack itself, and associated data management. You will help scale-up our well-established web services that ingest, assess, segment, and contextualize networks. You will play a key role in our successful research and delivering solutions for our transition partners.  The work will be on-site in our Arlington, VA office.

**Job Responsibilities Include**:

* Development, versioning, and maintenance of our web stack and management of the code base
* Shape the operationalization and transition to government and industry users
* Develop new features per emerging user needs
* Collaborate in the creation and integration of new data sources, user workflows, and long-term solutions for scaling and other software concerns
* Collaborative construction of back-end capabilities to help expand and improve the analysis capabilities
* Collaborate in the evaluation and implementation of cutting-edge libraries and technologies
* Partner with other developers on cloudification, containerization, and productization of their applications
* Engage with peers to review solutions and help ensure our team delivers maintainable and extensible solutions

**Minimum Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in technical field and 7+ years experience working with full stack development.  Comparable experience will be considered without a degree.
* 4+ years of experience with Vue.js, React, Ember or similar
* 3 years experience engineering systems with SQL (Postgres, MySQL, etc) and NoSQL (Elasticsearch, Redis, etc.) databases
* 3+ years experience in Python 3 development
* 3 years experience engineering systems with SQL and NoSQL databases
* Experience with API development
* Experience leading or mentoring junior engineers

**Nice-to-haves:**

* Open source project development experience
* Experience with Linux, git
* Docker and container registry experience
* AWS S3 or EC2 familiarity
* Active clearance up to TS/SCI

**Clearance Requirements:**

* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance up to TS/SCI level

#LI-MS1

#onsite

Eligibility to obtain a government clearance if required/needed.

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$150,000—$200,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
