---
title: Principal Research Scientist  - AI/ML, Applied Statistics & Advanced Analytics
status: active
id: '6092959004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6092959004
lastmod: '2026-06-23T17:41:30-04:00'
date: '2026-06-17T16:49:16-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- Research Organization
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Principal Research Scientist** to lead technical program delivery and drive business development in new R&D projects in AI/ML, applied statistics, and advanced analytics. Applications may include grey zone conflict, economics, cybersecurity, cognitive modeling, counter-adversarial AI, and broader DoW challenges. A successful candidate will deliver technical excellence while identifying, pursuing and winning new work for the team to grow into. They will also steward existing projects and staff to successful delivery. Therefore, candidates with experience and customer relations in other domains are also strongly encouraged to apply.

We are a research and development focused group, looking for research leaders who are comfortable quickly developing innovative solutions for customer needs, as well as leading teams of PhDs, researchers, and engineers to innovate, develop and deliver transformative capabilities for National Security. Ideal candidates bring a critical and rigorous approach to research, modeling and analysis, have a strong understanding of the tradeoffs between different modeling approaches, can explain complex approaches clearly to technical and non-technical audiences, and bring a flexible and creative approach to innovating for highly technical customers.

The work will be onsite in our Arlington, Virginia office.

**Responsibilities:**

* Perform as technical lead on interdisciplinary projects; mentor junior team members on both technical and non-technical skills
* Serve as a technical expert in a variety of AI, statistical, and analytics methodologies on a variety of programs and proposals
* Identify, shape, and propose to AI and advanced analytics programs, including building trusted relationships with sponsors, leading technical writing, and developing innovative solutions

**Qualifications:**

* Prior experience in building out capabilities that could support grey zone conflict or economic statecraft
* Building predictive machine learning models for time series data
* Mastery of several different subfields and approaches within AI/ML and statistical analysis; demonstrated ability to reason over the tradeoffs when choosing modeling approaches
* Demonstrated experience innovating with foundational model tools for rapid research acceleration
* Ability to write and review R, Python, or SQL code; fluency and comfort with git, CI/CD practices
* Experience in winning and delivering new R&D programs while growing new capabilities in a team
* Holds significant relationships with key personnel in DARPA, other DOD research agencies, and broader government or private-sector sponsors
* Experience developing and writing solutions for customers in a wide range of domains and applications
* Ability to collaborate across disciplines and business units to bring innovative AI and analytics solutions to support capabilities and needs across the organization
* Ten or more years of professional experience in a CS, Mathematics, Statistics or related field
* Experience leading both AI / analytics researchers (including PhDs), practitioners, and software engineers on government contracts
* Experience in project planning, agile development, and a variety of sprint management methods
* Strong and flexible communication that adapts to the specific needs of the audience
* Works well in and fosters a culture of respect, curiosity, humility and excellence\
* Active Top Secret with SCI-eligible security clearance

**Nice to haves:**

* Advanced degree and/ or publications in CS, Mathematics, Statistics or related field
* Experience working with ISR data and maritime track data
* Experience integrating with Maven Smart System
* Intellectual curiosity across multiple domains and demonstrated success applying analytics to novel mission areas
* Active TS/SCI

**Clearance Requirements:**

* Active Top Secret / SCI-eligible security clearance

#LI-MS1

#onsite

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$150,000—$230,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
