---
title: Front End Developer
status: active
id: '6098998004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6098998004
lastmod: '2026-07-10T12:50:14-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T22:36:33-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- DA - Mission Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Front End Developer** to work on multi-domain platforms serving critical national security functions using cutting-edge modern frameworks. Join our team to solve hard problems in large-scale data investigation and analysis, real-time collaboration, task and resource planning and coordination, and high-dimensional data summarization and visualization allowing lay persons to easily answer complex questions.

The work will be onsite in one of our three offices:  Arlington, VA,  Herndon, VA,  Austin, TX

**Responsibilities**:

* Develop frontend features in a modern web component-based framework such as Ember, Vue or React
* Work across multi-discipline teams to implement responsive, modular, and event-driven designs
* Follow provided UI/UX designs/mockups and be comfortable suggesting improvements, designing and implementing while handling of edge cases and error states given a broad intent

**Minimum Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.
* Experience with component-based frameworks, e.g Ember, Vue, React, and/or Angular
* Good understanding of JavaScript, HTML, CSS
* Experience working with or developing APIs

**Nice If you Have:**

* Experience with [Ember.js](http://ember.js)
* Experience with software development using agentic AI tools
* Experience using Git and Jira in an agile development workflow
* Experience with WebGL and web visualization frameworks such as D3, CesiumJS
* Experience creating features allowing for simultaneous editing of content
* Experience creating large-scale, real-time data visualizations
* Familiarity with SQL and query optimization

**Clearance Qualifications:**

* Eligibility and willingness to obtain and maintain a government security clearance up to TS/SCI,

#LI-MS1

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$81,000—$120,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
