---
title: ISSE
status: active
id: '6109660004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6109660004
lastmod: '2026-07-07T16:05:57-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T16:05:57-04:00'
location: Tysons, Virginia
departments:
- TE2 Secure Platforms - Enclave as a Service
offices:
- Customer Site - Tysons, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is seeking an Information Systems Security Engineer who is excited about working in a dynamic environment with an engaged customer!

**What you will do:**

* You will be the sole ISSE on contract to ensure that our security systems are operating efficiently and that all security measures are being properly implemented. You will be re be responsible for supporting our information security systems and implementing security solutions to protect our organization’s sensitive data.

**What you will need:**

* Speaking and collaborating with customers, vendors, management, and Information Technology (IT) staff during the creation and maintenance of cloud-based systems
* Experience with the architecture, development, implementation, and administration of cloud-based systems
* Experience with customer Information Security practices and accreditation processes
* Conducting security audits to ensure that the systems comply with industry standards and regulations.
* Documenting business rules, technical capabilities and developing quality metrics
* Operational support role experience, triaging and troubleshooting issues experienced by remote end users
* Monitoring security systems to detect and respond to security vulnerabilities
* Tracking and updating inventory of Commercial-Off-The- Shelf (COTS) software, and hardware
* Experience with Visio and PowerPoint for system diagrams and senior  
  management presentations

**Security Clearance:**

* **TS/SCI with a Polygraph**

**#LI-JS**

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$145,385—$218,078 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
