---
title: Product Associate Director (Group Product Manager)
status: active
id: '6110662004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6110662004
lastmod: '2026-07-20T13:25:18-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T13:24:58-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- Product DA Engineering - SIGMA
offices:
- 100% Remote
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Advance US policy objectives with the latest technologies in Agentic AI and generative coding practices. Two Six Technologies is seeking a Product Leader with a strong building mindset to take ownership over our early-stage product portfolio for Decision Advantage. This is an ideal opportunity for an individual who wants to have significant strategic impact, while staying close to innovation in agentic AI technologies and AI-accelerated product practices.

You will be in a player-coach role, both managing an individual product backlog and also taking on strategic ownership over the broader portfolio. You will take the lead on ensuring product roadmaps arrive ahead of emerging market opportunities in:  
• Enterprise agentic orchestration and data fabric  
• Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) sensor monitoring  
Two Six has built a state-of-the-art agentic AI orchestration system and supports incumbent products that solve mission challenges. The balance of legacy software and state of the art agentic orchestration mirrors the realities in place for customers across the Federal Government, as well as State, Local, and International. Teams are putting the latest technology advancements to work on mission objectives in an AI system that is action-oriented, trustworthy, and human-in-the-loop.

We want to hear from you if you are:  
• A leader in exceptional product tradecraft  
• Able to coach product tradecraft and create value through investing in the skill sets of others on your team  
• A builder, passionate about the craft of creating exceptional products and applying “just now available” technologies to solve enduring customer problems  
• A strategist, able to isolate the problem that must be solved to create exceptional value for customers and improve our competitive positioning  
• Grounded in military or intelligence culture and acquisition cycles through either prior service, or work on military or intel products  
This is a fully remote position with flexibility to manage your day around collaboration with your team. DC location is preferred but not required. Some travel (10-20%) will be required to interface with our customers and Two Six employees collaborating on cleared programs.

What you will do:  
• Collaborate with sales, growth, and other go-to-market teams to understand our competitive landscape and positioning, and identify key product investments to sustain and grow market dominance for our category  
• Work with your team, customers, stakeholders, and the content team to crystalize and communicate a product portfolio vision and strategy inside and outside the company  
• Maintain at least one product roadmap and backlog, building in an empowered product team model  
• Coach product manager(s) and UX designer(s) to effectively meet strategic direction  
• Collaborate with your cross-functional leadership team and company executives to create the best possible environment for teams to succeed  
• Provide top-down direction while also taking bottom-up feedback and recommendations  
• Be a leading example of the product operating model and product best practices, and drive change towards a user-centered culture across the company where this can thrive  
• This leadership position is expected to innovate alongside teams, filling gaps where necessary. It’s an ideal mix for leaders who still want to remain builders.  
• Be open and flexible to jump in where help is needed

What you will need (basic qualifications):

• Experience creating products for government users, particularly in environments with limitations on technology access  
• Experience with information operations, intelligence, or targeting missions and markets  
• Experience with agentic AI, generative AI, natural language processing, large language models or advanced analytics, particularly deployed in production environments at scale  
• Experience accelerating product and engineering tradecraft with AI assistance  
• Experience with B2B products with a heavy product support component or consulting practice  
• Interest in supporting US government missions to counter foreign adversary and non-state actor propaganda and disinformation

Clearance Requirement:  
• Active TS or TS/SCI Clearance is a bonus, but those without a clearance are encouraged to apply

#LI-JB1

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$174,632—$261,949 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
