---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer '
status: active
id: '6112140004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6112140004
lastmod: '2026-07-09T10:05:37-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T10:03:52-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- Product DA Engineering - Pulse
offices:
- 100% Remote
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is looking for an experienced **Senior Software Engineer** to join one of our cross-functional development teams. Our teams are building capabilities to identify, plan, and deliver effects in the information operations space, and aim to provide a complete end-to-end solution to customers wishing to detect, analyze, and respond to events in real time. We combine signal-rich proprietary data, novel AI-Powered technology, and world-class expertise to deliver valuable insights to our US government and Fortune 50 clients.

As a **Senior Software Engineer** you will be a member of the engineering team that is building and supporting tools to enable customers to identify desired end states and select the best combination of actions to achieve it. You will design and build applications and workflows using Python, and leverage technologies including LangChain, LangGraph, Elasticsearch, Postgres, Kubernetes, Docker, and more. We are consistently evolving our systems to use the latest cloud computing technologies within AWS, and you will help guide and build that evolution.

As part of the engineering team, you will work closely with data scientists, analysts, and product managers, striving to solve problems collaboratively, innovate, respond to feedback, and find creative solutions to challenging problems with cutting-edge technology.

**Location:** 100% Remote

**What you will Do:**

* Design and implement solutions in Python using the full suite of AWS cloud computing capabilities
* Develop and iterate on AI and LLM-based workflows to reduce overhead and time for customers to achieve their required outcomes
* Operate in a collaborative, agile environment with a focus on taking action and enabling team success
* Create proofs-of-concept, prototypes, and other solutions to quickly test ideas and enable data analysis, as well as design and build production solutions
* Help us achieve and maintain compliance with information security best practices
* Engage with peers across the company to review and help ensure our team delivers maintainable and extensible solutions
* Share your knowledge with, and learn from your colleagues in all parts of the company

**What you will need (basic qualifications):**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field and 5+ years in professional software engineering, with at least 3+ years in backend development. In lieu of degree, comparable experience will be considered.
* 3+ years of experience writing production level Python APIs and applications
* Demonstrated success and experience with architectural design and documentation of complex systems
* 1-2 years’ experience developing containerized applications using technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes
* Practical experience designing, deploying, and tuning production systems built using AWS cloud computing technologies
* Proficiency developing and using APIs, microservices, asynchronous tasks, ORMs, and task queues
* Experience with relational and NoSQL databases
* Experience tuning and troubleshooting Linux based systems
* Proficiency with unit testing, integration testing, and functional testing
* Enthusiasm for Scrum and Agile methodologies
* Knowledge of which tools are currently best practice for a given problem, but also the ability to think of solutions beyond those
* Ability to work in a fully remote team with a diverse set of skills and life experiences
* Ability to communicate well verbally and in writing at all levels of technical expertise, including to non-technical colleagues
* Ability to creatively solve problems and learn quickly and independently

**Nice if you Have:**

* Experience with LangChain, LangGraph, or other LLM frameworks
* Experience with Elasticsearch
* Previous experience evolving solutions from a proof of concept to scalable production quality solution
* Previous experience mentoring engineers in code structure and software engineering practices

**Clearance Requirement:**

* Eligible to obtain a clearance

#LI-JB1

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$1—$2 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
