---
title: Senior DevOps Engineer
status: active
id: '6113775004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6113775004
lastmod: '2026-07-10T12:39:59-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T12:39:59-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- Research Organization
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Senior DevOps Engineer** to join our team, focusing on developing and maintaining infrastructure that supports cutting-edge cybersecurity and national security research. This role emphasizes **automation, process improvement, and test infrastructure development** for high-priority projects. You'll play a key role in ensuring the readiness and efficiency of systems supporting critical R&D initiatives.

This is not your standard corporate IT position—it requires a problem-solving mindset, adaptability to ambiguity, and a commitment to delivering innovative solutions. You will have the opportunity to work closely with diverse technical teams, expanding your expertise across hardware, software, and advanced system development.

**What you will do:**

* **CI/CD System Support:** Maintain and enhance Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment systems to streamline development and testing pipelines.
* **Infrastructure Automation:** Automate development, testing, and deployment processes using modern tools and techniques.
* **Infrastructure Management:** Design, implement, and maintain test environments
* **Dashboard Creation:** Develop dashboards to provide real-time status updates on infrastructure availability, configuration, and usage.
* **Cross-Team Collaboration:** Work closely with development, cybersecurity, and systems teams to integrate solutions and address challenges effectively.
* **Process Optimization:** Identify and implement automation opportunities to improve team workflows and reduce manual effort.

**What you will need (basic qualifications):**

* Active Top Secret/SCI clearance and polygraph.
* 3-5 years of experience with DevOps or infrastructure automation, or an equivalent combination of education, certifications, and demonstrated experience in related fields.
* Proficiency in scripting languages such as **Python** and **Bash**.
* Proficiency with Infrastructure-as-Code tools like **Terraform**, **Ansible, Packer**, or **Docker**.
* Experience with CI/CD tools, preferably **GitLab** or similar platforms.
* Knowledge of **virtualization platforms** (e.g., VMware, Proxmox, or Hyper-V).
* Comfortable with **network engineering**, such as configuring switches and routers.
* Understanding of Linux environments and command-line tools.
* Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills across hardware and software domains.

**Nice to have (Preferred):**

* Expertise in containerization technologies, including Docker and Kubernetes, for orchestration and microservices architectures.
* Familiarity with OpenStack for building and managing private cloud infrastructure
* Advanced experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud) to design and manage secure, scalable infrastructure.
* Proficiency in advanced scripting and automation using Python or similar languages to create robust tools and workflows.
* Familiarity with logging, monitoring, and observability tools, such as ELK Stack, Prometheus, or Grafana, to ensure system reliability and performance.
* CompTIA Security+ or similar DoD 8570 Certification
* Experience developing software as part of a team.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret/SCI clearance and polygraph.

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$153,000—$255,351 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
