---
title: Lead Full Stack Developer
status: active
id: '6113085004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6113085004
lastmod: '2026-07-13T07:59:58-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T12:10:01-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- Research Organization
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is actively seeking a **Lead Full Stack Developer** to join our team. The team is composed of intellectual individuals, passionate about developing reverse engineering tooling, system architecture, technical leadership, and complex software implementation. The team is growing and looking for someone with a full-stack background who has an understanding of how to synthesize program requirements into actionable tasks and lead technical teams through implementation and scaling. If you are actively using modern frontend frameworks, Python, and cloud-based architectures, the team wants to talk to you!

**What you will do:**

* Serve as a technical lead, bridging the gap between high-level visionary goals and tactical implementation for critical national security research programs.
* Support the Principal Investigator by breaking down complex deliverables into actionable tasks and overseeing the full stack development process from inception to deployment.
* Lead technical implementation teams 100% in-office, with a primary focus on hands-on lab operations in Arlington and occasional travel to Herndon.
* Ensure the successful completion of program deliverables through sound technical judgment and the leadership of functional engineering staff.

**What you will need (basic qualifications)**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field and 7+ years of experience in a similar software engineering role (extensive experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field may substitute for a degree requirement).
* Proven ability to lead the planning and execution of technical tasks, including task prioritization, schedule management, and providing direction to other team members.
* Advanced proficiency in development programming languages such as Python and JavaScript, with extensive experience working in Linux-based environments.
* Deep understanding of the software development lifecycle, including version control (git), containerization and scaling (Kubernetes), and CI/CD automated tools (Jenkins, GitLab).
* Must possess an active Top Secret (TS) clearance with SCI eligibility and be willing to work 100% in person and in a lab environment.
* This role is based in-person at our **Arlington, VA** office, with a planned transition to our **Herndon, VA** lab facility in the future. Candidates must be able to commute to both locations.

**Nice to have (preferred)**

* Experience designing and deploying scalable applications within AWS, OpenStack, or other cloud-based architectures.
* Strong professional experience with modern frontend frameworks, specifically Vue.js.
* Familiarity with Infrastructure-as-Code practices and tools such as Ansible, Terraform, or OpenTofu to optimize service delivery.
* Prior experience supporting DoD or national security R&D projects, particularly in transitioning technology to operational end-users.
* Demonstrated success in providing technical mentorship and guidance to junior and staff-level engineering staff.

**Security Clearance:**

* Must possess an active Top Secret (TS) clearance with SCI eligibility

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$171,164—$256,746 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
