---
title: Senior Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '6113007004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6113007004
lastmod: '2026-07-09T16:51:35-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T16:51:35-04:00'
location: Herndon, Virginia
departments:
- 'Security '
offices:
- TST Main Office (13865 Sunrise Valley Dr) - Herndon, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is growing, and we are looking for a **Senior System Engineer** to join our **Corporate Security team**. You will be responsible for **engineering**, **administering and maintaining** the classified network. The ideal candidate is one who is eager to learn and adapt to new challenges in a fast-paced and growing environment, have great attention to detail, strong analytical and critical problem-solving abilities, and excellent communication skills.

The environments you will work in include **Windows 11, Active Directory/Group Policy, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), VMWare vSphere / ESXi, etc.**

The position will be based out of our **Herndon, VA** office with potential local travel to our other sites.

**What You Will Do:**

* Engineering and maintaining networks for both classified and unclassified use
* Install, configure, administer and maintain Windows and Linux servers and workstations
* Administering user accounts and access control within information systems to include creation of user accounts, assigning permissions to accounts, and enforcing security access policies to ensure compliance
* Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues
* Perform system backups and data recovery
* On-call support for outages as needed

**What You Will Need:**

* 5+ years of experience supporting a IC community classified network (like JWICS) as a System Engineer, Network Engineer or Network Administrator
* Bachelor’s degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Science, Information Security, or a related degree or advanced professional industry certifications and additional experience can be substituted
* **8140 certification** such as Security+, GCISP, GSEC, SSCP, CASP+, CISM, CISSP, CCNA, etc.
* Solid experience supporting **Windows** servers or workstations
* Experience working with routers, switches and firewalls
* Working knowledge of tools such as ServiceNow and Talon
* Working knowledge of the Linux environment
* Working knowledge of government regulations such as the DCSA Assessment and Authorization Process Manual (DAAPM), NIST SP 800-53, NIST SP 800-171, etc.
* Basic understanding of security compliance matrix

**What we would like:**

* Experience building a classified network
* Experience setting up network access storage

**Security Clearance needed:**

* Active TS/SCI w/Poly

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$150,000—$200,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
