---
title: Front End Developer
status: active
id: '6115209004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6115209004
lastmod: '2026-07-14T10:40:04-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T10:40:04-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- Research Organization
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is actively seeking a Front End Developer to join our Software Engineering team. The team is composed of intellectual individuals, passionate about modern web component-based frameworks and large-scale data visualization. The team is growing and looking for someone with a software engineering background who has an understanding of how to take customer requirements and solve hard problems to deliver technical solutions. If you are actively using Vue.js or React to build modular, event-driven designs, the team wants to talk to you!

**What you will do:**

* Develop and maintain web applications at scale using Vue.js or other modern web component-based frameworks.
* Work closely with design and principal investigator to implement responsive, modular, and event-driven designs.
* Collaborate with stakeholders and/or end users to resolve bugs and implement new features.
* Deliver testable code to enable comprehensive E2E and unit testing to increase our confidence in delivering, maintaining, and operating a high-quality product
* Be comfortable designing and developing full sections of functionality given broad requirements, including identifying and handling edge cases and error states
* Follow provided UI/UX designs/mockups and be comfortable suggesting improvements, designing, and implementing while handling edge cases and error states given a broad intent

**What you will need (Basic Qualifications):**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field; in lieu of a degree, comparable experience will be considered.
* Demonstrated ability to develop and maintain web applications at scale using modern component-based frameworks such as Vue, React, or Angular.
* Practical experience with end-to-end testing frameworks like Playwright, Cypress, or Selenium to ensure the delivery of high-quality, testable code.
* Proficiency in building front-end interfaces that interface with REST APIs and web sockets.
* Active Top Secret Clearance with eligibility for SCI
* Ability to provide in-person support at our Arlington, Virginia office with schedule flexibility.

**Nice If you Have:**

* Direct experience with Vue.js and modern state management patterns.
* Experience creating large-scale, real-time data visualizations for complex data sets.
* Familiarity with using Git and GitLab to integrate code and manage development issues.
* Exposure to SQL/NoSQL and graph databases to support backend integration requirements.
* Experience working in an agile environment with cross-functional teams.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret Clearance and willing to obtain and maintain required security clearance up to TS/SCI

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$120,209—$180,314 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
