---
title: Lead Cryptographer
status: active
id: '6119107004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6119107004
lastmod: '2026-07-20T09:01:08-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T09:01:08-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- Research Organization
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity:**

Two Six Technologies is looking for a **Lead Cryptographer** to join our Applied Mathematics team. You will work with a range of clients from the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to the country’s largest ISPs to innovative tech startups. You will become a trusted advisor while learning and performing valuable technical and industry skills.

**Job Responsibilities & Duties**

* Participate in research programs related to applied, modern cryptography
* Assist formal methods team in evaluations of cryptographic software and systems for functional correctness and implementation mistakes
* Take on complex technical problems for which there is often no known answer.
* Forge your own path; our small team setting will provide you the opportunity for outsized impact. While you will receive extensive training, mentorship, and coaching, you must be comfortable executing against challenging technical goals since there’s no playbook for our innovative work.

**Minimum Qualifications:**

* **Bachelor’s degree** in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a related technical field.

+ A **Master’s or Ph.D.** may be considered in place of some years of experience

* Minimum of 7 years experience in classical and modern cryptographic algorithms and protocols including several of:

+ Standard public key algorithms
+ Symmetric key ciphers and modes
+ Cryptographic hash functions

* Basic coding skills in a functional or imperative language

**Nice if you have:**

* Experience in classical and modern cryptographic algorithms and protocols including

+ Zero-knowledge proof
+ Secure multiparty computation
+ Post Quantum/Quantum-resistant cryptography
+ Fully homomorphic encryption

* Publication history in cryptography
* Familiarity with formal methods / formal verification
* Exposure to concepts of functional programming languages (higher-order function, monads, type classes, etc.)

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret Clearance with the ability to obtain SCI

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$140,041—$214,100 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
