---
title: Software Engineer
status: active
id: '6119171004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6119171004
lastmod: '2026-07-21T12:49:27-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T12:49:27-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- TE2 Effects - Comm Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is actively seeking a Software Engineer to join our team in Arlington, Virginia. The team is composed of intellectual individuals, passionate about robust software architecture, scalable system development, and cutting-edge technology integration. The team is growing and looking for someone with a general software engineering background that has an understanding on how to transition proofs-of-concept into high-performing operational capabilities to support national security missions. If you are actively using modern development languages like Python or C++ to build reliable, modular software systems, the team wants to talk to you!

**What you will do**

* Contributes to the delivery of a group of tasks associated with projects, programs, or functions while maintaining an understanding of customer missions and needs.
* Executes and completes assigned technical assignments timely, providing technical and operational support under moderate supervision.
* Supports cross-functional project teams by ensuring software reliability through modern test automation and robust data design methodologies
* May provide guidance and support to other team members as needed, making key decisions based on technical precedent and corporate delivery excellence.

**What you will need (basic qualifications)**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, or a related Scientific Domain, paired with 2 to 5 years of professional software engineering experience.
* Proficiency building, optimizing, and testing applications using modern programming languages, specifically Python and C++.
* Proven track record of leveraging version control systems like Git alongside modern testing methodologies or automated CI/CD pipelines to evaluate software solutions.
* An active Top Secret Security Clearance, with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI clearance.
* Ability to work on-site at the Arlington, VA headquarters, with flexibility for occasional travel to the Herndon office and customer sites.

**Nice to have (preferred)**

* Professional experience or academic coursework involving data science concepts, including building data pipelines, network traffic analysis, data structures like graph data, or machine learning frameworks.
* Foundation or foundational exposure to RF signals, embedded software engineering, operating system internals, or microcontroller environments.
* Hands-on experience working within cloud environments such as AWS or deploying applications utilizing containerization technologies like Docker.
* Demonstrated track record of rapidly learning new technical methods and applying them to existing engineering challenges.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active Top Secret Clearance is required with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI security clearance

#LI-ZS1

#LI-ONSITE

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$120,209—$180,314 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
