---
title: Contracts Manager
status: active
id: 052e80ae-4870-4151-b70d-1204486d46cc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/052e80ae-4870-4151-b70d-1204486d46cc
lastmod: '2026-06-05T19:31:52.757+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T19:31:52.757+00:00'
location: Arlington, VA
departments:
- Business Development
- Contracts
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

As a Contracts Manager at Saronic, you will be responsible for the management and oversight of DoD and federal contracts. You will partner closely with internal stakeholders (Programs, Finance, Legal, Proposals, Growth) and external counterparts to ensure compliant, and risk-aware contract execution. You will manage a portfolio of contracts, lead contracting strategy, interpret regulatory requirements, and drive best practices across the contract lifecycle. This position requires occasional travel to customer sites and various Saronic offices. The ideal candidate brings experience supporting shipbuilding, maritime systems, or undersea/surface/unmanned vehicle programs, with familiarity contracting in naval platform development and production environments.

# **Responsibilities**

* Manage contracts supporting shipbuilding programs, naval platform integration, or undersea/surface/unmanned maritime systems development and production.
* Lead and manage the full contract lifecycle for DoD/federal contracts including: pre-award review (solicitation, RFPs), negotiation, award, modifications, performance monitoring, and close-out.
* Interpret, review, and negotiate complex contract terms and conditions with a strong understanding of Other Transaction Agreements (OTAs), FAR, DFARS and other federal procurement regulations.
* Provide strategic contract advice and risk mitigation guidance to program leadership and BD teams-- ensuring contract terms align with corporate strategy, financial objectives, and compliance obligations.
* Serve as the primary interface with government customers and Contracting/Agreement Officers.
* Monitor contract performance and compliance: track contract deliverables, milestones, cost and schedule performance, change orders, invoices and acceptance/quality requirements; identify and escalate issues or noncompliance promptly.
* Assist in business development by supporting capture teams with contract strategy, pricing considerations, terms & conditions review, proposal contract input and risk assessment.
* Maintain awareness of changes in procurement regulations (OTA, FAR, DFARS, agency supplements) and recommend updates to contracting policies accordingly.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in related field. Master’s or MBA a plus.
* Minimum of 5+ years of contract management experience within a defense/federal contractor environment or U.S. Government (DoD experience strongly preferred).
* Demonstrated working knowledge of contract types and federal acquisition regulations.
* Proven track-record of contract negotiation, administration, modification, and close-out on multi-year DoD/federal contracts.
* Robust knowledge of data rights and intellectual property issues in contractual agreements
* Strong analytical and financial acumen-- ability to review cost/price proposals, change orders, assess risk, monitor contract performance.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to interface with senior leadership, government officials, subcontractors, and internal teams.
* Self-starter with strong attention to detail, organization, ability to manage multiple complex contracts simultaneously, and drive results.

# **Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
