---
title: Corporate Training Specialist
status: active
id: 0cab94ad-5ff7-422d-9782-342d569f4608
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/0cab94ad-5ff7-422d-9782-342d569f4608
lastmod: '2026-05-04T20:58:54.257+00:00'
date: '2026-05-04T20:58:54.257+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Overview**

We are seeking a Corporate Training Specialist to design and deliver high-impact learning programs that support our fast-growing operations and align with our mission. This role serves as the primary facilitator for onboarding and core learning programs while assessing training needs, developing interactive and impactful learning experiences, and delivering engaging sessions primarily in person, with the ability to effectively facilitate in virtual settings as needed. The Corporate Training Specialist will drive employee capability through onboarding, soft skills, and leadership development programs, using data and feedback to continuously improve learning outcomes and foster a culture of performance and operational excellence.

**Responsibilities**

**Onboarding & Training:**

* Oversee and facilitate onboarding programs for new hires, ensuring a consistent, engaging, and effective experience that accelerates time to productivity.
* Serve as the primary facilitator for instructor-led trainings including onboarding, soft skills, leadership development, and other internal programs.
* Support the design, delivery, and continuous improvement of training programs across formats.

**Program Management:**

* Manage training schedules, logistics, and materials to ensure seamless execution.
* Develop and track objectives, key results, and success metrics.

**Collaboration:**

* Partner with leaders and teams to identify training needs aligned to business goals.
* Work with subject matter experts to design and deliver training.

**Communication:**

* Provide regular updates, training communications, and stakeholder engagement.
* Communicate schedules, expectations, and outcomes clearly.

**Continuous Improvement:**

* Drive continuous improvement (plan, do, check, act) to enhance effectiveness.
* Refine programs based on feedback and data.

**Data-Driven:**

* Track and analyze training metrics to assess effectiveness.
* Develop reporting to influence stakeholders.

**Learning & Development Expertise:**

* Stay current on training and development best practices.
* Apply core learning design principles to maximize learner engagement and retention.
* Identify opportunities to expand learning programs.

**Performance evaluation:**

* Evaluate training effectiveness using metrics, OKRs, KPIs, and feedback.

**Needs Assessment:**

* Identify gaps in training and develop learning approaches.

**General Training Support:**

* Support internal training initiatives, content development, and projects.

**Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in education, communications, organizational development, business, or related field.
* 5+ years experience in corporate training, onboarding, or facilitation.

**Preferred Skills and Experience**

* Experience facilitating instructor-led training, *both* in-person and virtually.
* Experience with onboarding or structured learning programs.
* Understanding of adult learning principles.
* Strong communication, facilitation, and organizational skills.
* Ability to manage multiple priorities in fast-paced environments.

**Additional Requirements**

* Role is largely Austin-based but may require up to 20% travel between TX, LA, and CA
* Ability to lift 35 lbs. unassisted

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
