---
title: Mission Operations Engineer - UK
status: active
id: 12133bbb-f63f-4bae-80dc-ad897d2e9440
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/12133bbb-f63f-4bae-80dc-ad897d2e9440
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:19:20.260+00:00'
date: '2026-07-06T20:19:20.260+00:00'
location: Portsmouth, England
departments:
- International - Mission Operations
- Mission Services
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

As a Mission Operations Engineer, you will be hands-on with the deployment, validation, and iterative improvement of our autonomous surface vessels. Your work will directly support both project-based deliverables (e.g., capability rollouts) and ongoing programs (e.g., V1 software release). You will help ensure our systems meet rigorous technical and operational standards through detailed testing, data analysis, and cross-functional coordination. Successful candidates will be able to operate at reach, with disaggregated communications, and the ability to translate intent into execution, with minimal direction. You are able to meet deadlines and achieve desired outcomes as both an individual contributor and as a part of your team.

# **Responsibilities**

**How you support the mission**

* Develop deep understanding of vehicle Hardware and Software architecture, and how the vehicle operates as an integrated system.
* Lead planning and execution of structured field tests for vessel performance pertaining to autonomous navigation, perception, communications, and sensor integration, among other vessel functionalities.
* Diagnose and perform real-time troubleshooting of autonomy, networking, and onboard hardware or software during test events.
* Implement solutions for testing, safety of vessel operations, and system robustness to maximize efficiency.
* Own data logging and telemetry monitoring systems; ensure data integrity for post-test analysis.
* Contribute to root cause analysis (RCCA) and issue triage workflows after field anomalies, with reporting to relevant review boards to eliminate repeat issues.
* Maintain autonomous vessels and test environments, including vessel and support craft operations, through the use of telemetry tools and onboard diagnostics to enhance reliability of all equipment and products.
* Ensure testing aligns with government performance, compliance, and safety standards when applicable.

**How you support the team**

* Lead planning and execution of test cases to validate software updates, autonomy behaviours, and integrated system functionality.
* Interface with autonomy, software, hardware, and systems teams to translate product requirements into field-validated test objectives.
* Foster a collaborative and positive team environment, promoting open communication, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement.
* Develop test procedures, checklists, and safety protocols to support repeatable and safe vessel operation and overall mission execution while eliminating process waste.
* Create post-mission reports with detailed logs, data plots, issue summaries, and engineering feedback.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent work experience in a related field.
* 1+ years of hands-on engineering experience (design teams and previous internships qualify)
* Ability to hold a UK security clearance

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills (hardware/software) and ability to work effectively in challenging field conditions such as off-shore in open water
* Experience and knowledge of best practices in planning and execution of complex test operations involving autonomous systems
* Knowledge of networking protocols and communication systems used in autonomous vessels
* Systems engineering experience, ability to understand multi-disciplinary integrated systems
* Experience with sensor integration such as EO/IR, radar, IMU, and data processing
* Experience with integration and testing of multi-disciplinary integrated systems
* Experience with robotics, AI, or machine learning applications
* Familiarity with software development in Rust, Python, or other languages and CLI environment
* Familiarity with maritime operations
* Understanding of government requirements and standards for autonomous systems
* Experience working with embedded systems and real-time computing
* Job requires up to 80% travel.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits**

* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive private health insurance
* **Time Off:** Generous Paid Time Off and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

*This role requires the legal right to work in the United Kingdom. Employment may also be subject to applicable security, export control, and government contracting requirements.*

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
