---
title: Electrical Drafter
status: active
id: 16ee137d-f37a-4094-b921-8d08705e1d2d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/16ee137d-f37a-4094-b921-8d08705e1d2d
lastmod: '2026-03-24T19:10:42.878+00:00'
date: '2026-03-24T19:10:42.878+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
- Electrical Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

Saronic is seeking a skilled Electrical Drafter responsible for creating detailed Schematics and Harness Assembly drawings based on the specifications provided by engineers. These drawings serve as blueprints for manufacturing of harnesses. The role requires a strong understanding of technical drawing principles, knowledge of Zuken E3 or equivalent software, and the ability to translate complex information into clear and accurate representations. Drafter must also possess strong attention to detail, problem-solving skills, and the ability to work collaboratively with other team members to ensure that projects are completed efficiently and accurately.

# **Responsibilities**

* Prepare detailed harness assembly drawings using Zuken E3 ensuring drawings contain all information required for manufacturing and installation (wire lists, connector callouts, labels, notes).
* Collaborate with engineers to incorporate design requirements into drawings.
* Review and revise drawings to meet project specifications and standards.
* Use NX computer-aided design (CAD) software to route harnesses in 3D per design standards.
* Maintain up-to-date knowledge of military and industry assembly standards such as IPC/WHMA-A-620
* Provide technical support and troubleshooting during the construction a harness and its integration into the vessel.
* Manage documentation and filing systems for drawings and project records.
* Communicate effectively with project managers, clients, and other stakeholders.

# **Qualifications & Skills**

* Proficiency in computer-aided design (CAD) software such as NX, AutoCAD, or SolidWorks.
* 5+ years’ experience with Zuken E3, Siemens Capital, or other electrical schematic tools
* Strong understanding of electrical engineering principles.
* Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
* Attention to detail and a high level of accuracy in work.
* Ability to interpret technical drawings.
* Knowledge of relevant industry standards such as ABYC, ABS, and IPC/WHMA-A-620.
* Previous experience in a similar role or industry.
* Associate's degree or certification in drafting, engineering technology, or a related field.
* Strong mathematical and technical skills.
* Strong problem-solving and analytical abilities.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
