---
title: VP of Environmental Health and Safety
status: active
id: 1865af05-5945-4958-9814-1b9326c9c8c0
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/1865af05-5945-4958-9814-1b9326c9c8c0
lastmod: '2026-03-11T14:06:42.744+00:00'
date: '2026-03-11T14:06:42.744+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- EHS
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

Saronic Technologies is seeking a highly experienced Vice President of Environmental Health & Safety (EHS) to lead, scale, and globalize our EHS organization as we expand from a domestic defense and maritime manufacturing base into an international leader in AI-driven autonomous maritime systems.

The ideal candidate brings deep expertise in defense, shipbuilding, and advanced manufacturing, with exposure to AI-enabled, robotics, or autonomous vehicle technologies. This individual will have a proven record of designing and implementing world-class EHS programs in high-risk, high-technology, safety-critical maritime environments.

This role will be responsible for scaling the EHS organization, establishing a unified EHS management system across global operations, and achieving key certifications including ISO 14001 (Environmental Management), ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management), and compliance with ASTM 2920-24 (Environmental Sustainability for Defense Systems and Manufacturing).

# **Responsibilities**

* **Strategic Leadership & Organizational Development**

  + Develop and execute a **global EHS strategy** that supports the rapid growth of defense, maritime, and AI/autonomous manufacturing programs.
  + Scale the EHS organization across multiple international sites, ensuring regional compliance, consistent standards, and operational excellence.
  + Coordinate with **Security, Legal, and Compliance** in all strategic planning, including facility expansion, technology integration, facility and operational controls, and entry into new international markets.

* **Regulatory Compliance & Certification**

  + Lead efforts to achieve and maintain **ISO 14000** and **ISO 45001** certifications and ensure compliance with **ASTM E2920-24**, DoD/NAVSEA standards, ISM, and other applicable defense and maritime environmental and health and safety regulations.
  + Oversee audit programs, risk assessments, and corrective action plans across all operations, including those integrating AI, robotics, and autonomous technologies.

* **Operational Excellence & Risk Management**

  + Develop and implement scalable, data-driven EHS management systems.
  + Drive advanced risk management initiatives.
  + Oversight of serious incident investigations, regulator engagement, and executive communications.

# **Qualifications**

* **Education & Credentials**
* Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Engineering, Safety Engineering, Industrial Hygiene, or related field (Master’s preferred).
* Professional certifications such as CSP, CIH, CHMM, ICS, PE, or CPEA preferred.

* **Preferred Experience**

  + Minimum **15+ years of progressive EHS leadership experience** in a global EHS program in defense, maritime, shipbuilding, or advanced manufacturing industries.
  + Experience in high hazard environments including shipbuilding or ship repair, aerospace or defense manufacturing, offshore oil & gas, heavy industrial manufacturing, large-scale energy.
  + Maritime experience in shipyard safety, pier-side and at-sea testing, vessel commissioning and sea trials.
  + Experience managing EHS for autonomous or remotely operated systems, robotics or unmanned platforms, complex software-hardware integration.
  + Proven track record in achieving **ISO 14001** and **ISO 45001** certifications and ensuring **ASTM E2920-24** compliance.d
  + Proven expertise in offshore EHS and safety compliance, leveraging industry standards such as API recommended practices, ISO 14001/45001, ISM-based safety management systems, and class-verified marine safety and environmental requirements.

* **Skills & Attributes**
* Strategic, visionary leadership with deep operational and technical EHS expertise.
* Strong understanding of risk management frameworks for autonomous and AI-enabled systems.
* Excellent cross-functional collaboration skills across engineering, software, and manufacturing disciplines.
* Exceptional communication, stakeholder engagement, and cross-cultural leadership abilities.
* Commitment to continuous improvement, sustainability, and ethical responsibility

# **Physical Requirements**

* Position occasionally requires the ability to work overtime and weekends when needed.
* Role requiresup to 20% travel between CA, TX, LA, and VA with opportunities to travel to other US cities.
* Ability to lift 35 lbs unassisted.

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
