---
title: Hardware Engineer - New Orleans
status: active
id: 188817aa-c4d9-42ae-938e-053e7b0233d9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/188817aa-c4d9-42ae-938e-053e7b0233d9
lastmod: '2026-04-17T21:30:29.280+00:00'
date: '2026-04-17T21:30:29.280+00:00'
location: New Orleans, LA
departments:
- Engineering
- Hardware Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Summary:**

We are seeking versatile and driven **Engineers** to join our growing team at Saronic. In this role, you’ll contribute to the design, development, integration, and testing of key systems powering our autonomous vessels. You’ll work cross-functionally across hardware, software, and systems engineering disciplines in a fast-moving, startup environment.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Collaborate on the **design, development, and integration** of autonomous maritime systems, including navigation, propulsion, sensors, and communications.
* Support **prototype builds, field tests, and demos** in real-world maritime environments.
* Troubleshoot complex systems issues, both in the lab and in the field.
* Contribute to **DoD technical deliverables**, documentation, and compliance
* Work closely with the engineering and product teams to iterate rapidly and support evolving mission requirements.

# **Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in **Mechanical, Electrical, Systems, Robotics, Aerospace, Naval Architecture**or related fields.
* Experience with **autonomous systems**, **marine or naval platforms**, or **robotic vehicles**.
* Strong systems-level understanding of hardware/software integration.
* Proficiency in CAD, embedded systems, or controls is a plus.
* Familiarity with **DoD programs**, **military requirements**, or **defense contracting** is a strong advantage.
* Comfort operating in **dynamic, ambiguous startup environments**.

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

# **Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
