---
title: Quality Inspector
status: active
id: 1ada217b-147f-4c10-8553-ed60d60442f2
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/1ada217b-147f-4c10-8553-ed60d60442f2
lastmod: '2026-04-14T20:41:35.981+00:00'
date: '2026-04-14T20:41:35.981+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Operations
- Quality Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a detail-oriented and experienced Quality Inspector to join our dynamic team. The Quality Inspector will play a critical role in ensuring that our autonomous surface vessels meet the highest standards of quality and performance before they reach our clients. This role requires a candidate who is shift flexible, has a keen eye for detail, a strong understanding of quality control processes, and the ability to work closely with engineering and manufacturing teams.

# **Key Responsibilities**

* **Inspection & Testing:** Conduct thorough inspections and tests on components, assemblies, and finished vessels to ensure compliance with design specifications, industry standards, and regulatory requirements.
* **Documentation:**Maintain accurate and detailed records of inspection results, non-conformities, and corrective actions. Prepare inspection reports and provide feedback to engineering and production teams.
* **Compliance:** Ensure adherence to quality standards and protocols, including DoD-specific requirements. Monitor and enforce compliance with internal quality policies and procedures.
* **Problem-Solving:**Identify defects or deviations from specifications, investigate root causes, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement corrective and preventive measures.
* **Continuous Improvement:**Participate in quality improvement initiatives and contribute to the development of quality control procedures and best practices. Provide recommendations for process enhancements.
* **Collaboration:** Work closely with engineers, production staff, and suppliers to address quality issues and support the successful delivery of autonomous surface vessels.
* **Training:**Assist in training new team members on quality control procedures and standards.

# **Physical Demands**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 20 lbs.
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs
* Ability to work outside for an extended period of time
* Frequently and repetitively, bend, lift and reach to install vehicle parts of varying size and weight overhead, accurately and in allotted timeframes
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours/day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to find issues in a work process and be alert to safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing
* Demonstrated ability to handle and manipulate tooling and mechanically fasten bolts within required cycle time
* Exposures to hazardous materials and ability to follow waste handling/disposal procedures
* Wearing Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to safety glasses, safety shoes, hearing protection, gloves and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

# **Qualifications**

* 1+ years of experience in quality inspection, preferably in the aerospace, defense, or maritime industries. Experience with autonomous systems is a plus.
* Strong understanding of quality control principles, techniques, and tools.
* Proficiency in using inspection tools and equipment (e.g., calipers, micrometers, gauges).
* Knowledge of industry standards and regulations, including DoD quality requirements.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
