---
title: 'EHS Specialist '
status: active
id: 2dcd745e-ebfa-40cd-9ba4-4f4756304134
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/2dcd745e-ebfa-40cd-9ba4-4f4756304134
lastmod: '2026-07-20T14:02:18.499+00:00'
date: '2026-07-20T14:02:18.499+00:00'
location: Franklin, LA
departments:
- EHS
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking an ambitious and collaborative Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Specialist to support our fast-growing operations across production and engineering groups. This role offers opportunity for growth in both technical skills and professional capabilities. The EHS Specialist will be responsible for supporting the development, implementation, and management of critical EHS programs and training to ensure regulatory compliance while promoting a culture of learning and operational excellence.

# **Responsibilities**

* **EHS Training:**

* Oversee and coordinate Environmental, Health, and Safety Training programs including instructor-led training, self-paced training, and monthly topic development, implementation, delivery, management, and evaluation.

* Provide EHS training and education to employees at all levels of the organization, including new hire orientation, ongoing safety training, and specialized training for high-risk activities.

* **Budget and resource management:**

* Manage human, financial, and material resources to optimize program efficiency and maximize return on investment.

* Develop individual and team objectives and key results and track progress towards completion.

* **Collaboration**

* Work with EHS team members, managers, and other departments to ensure training programs are aligned with company goals and regulatory requirements.

* **Communication**:

* Ensure organizational transparency through regular progress updates, status reports, event bulletins and briefings, and milestones, achievements, and challenges to relevant stakeholders throughout the enterprise.

* **Continuous improvement:**

* Drive continuous improvement initiatives (plan, do, check, act) and assessments to enhance program management processes, methodologies, and tools, fostering a culture of innovation and excellence within the organization.

* **Data-driven**:

* Develop new processes for data mining, analytics, and communication to drive operational influence and change among stakeholders.

* **Education**

* Review and observe manufacturing work practices to identify EHS program hazards or requirements.

* Stay current on emerging EHS regulations, trends, and best practices, and communicate relevant updates to stakeholders within the organization.

* **Performance evaluation**:

* Evaluate EHS team (individual and team), and training program performance utilizing internal metrics, OKRs and KPIs, and data analytics.

* **Risk Management:**

* Identify risks and challenges to EHS Training Programs and develop communication and mitigation strategies to reduce risk.

* **General EHS Support:**

* Submit, track, and manage EHS continuous improvement suggestions.

* Support EHS team initiatives and responsibilities including regulatory reports, inspections, or information requests; internal audits; emergency drills; management system improvements; and program development and assessments.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in occupational health and safety, environmental science, engineering, public health, or a related field; professional certification (e.g., ASP, CSP, CIH, CHMM) preferred.

* 2+ years of experience in EHS or technical training, preferably in boat building, aerospace, or general manufacturing or industrial environments.

**Preferred Skills and Experience**

* 2+ years working on or with EHS-specific training or technical manufacturing training.

* Thorough understanding of federal, state, and local EHS regulations, including OSHA, EPA/TCEQ, and DOT requirements.

* Proven track record of developing and implementing effective EHS training programs and initiatives, with a focus on injury prevention and risk reduction.

* Strong analytical skills, with the ability to assess complex situations, identify trends, and develop data-driven solutions.

* Strong customer service, communication, and organizational skills, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders.

* Experience conducting EHS training and education programs for diverse audiences, including frontline employees, supervisors, and executives.

* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and EHS software applications for data management and reporting.

* Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities and deadlines effectively.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
