---
title: Naval Architect – Commercial Vessels
status: active
id: 31921c47-e37d-4144-af5b-7fda3414bb16
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/31921c47-e37d-4144-af5b-7fda3414bb16
lastmod: '2026-04-17T21:30:55.859+00:00'
date: '2026-04-17T21:30:55.859+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Navarc
- Operations
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking talented and motivated Naval Architects to assist in developing autonomous commercial vessel designs from concept to production (Containerships, Roll-on/Roll-off, Tankers, Bulk Carrier, or other types of commercial vessels). This role will provide hands-on experience in traditional naval architecture and advanced autonomous technologies, driving impact in shipping and maritime innovation.

# **Responsibilities**

* Conduct one or more of the following tasks with a high level of proficiency:

  + Hull form development and optimization.
  + Resistance, power and speed predictions.
  + Functional design and general arrangement development.
  + Stability analysis and loading manuals (IMO and USCG requirements).
  + Hydrodynamic analysis (hydrodynamic properties, seakeeping, motions and accelerations).
  + Propulsion and powerplant (conventional and non-conventional).
  + Ship systems design (specifications, arrangement, P&ID’s).
  + Global ship structural design (hull girder strength and global loads, fatigue and service life assessment).
  + Local ship structural design (cargo holds, hatch covers, top-side structures, general outfitting).
* Prepare regulatory submissions according to USA-flag and international maritime regulations (USCG, IMO conventions, ABS, LR, DNV…etc.).
* Collaborate with other engineers to support CAD modeling, weight management, and the integration of autonomous navigation and control systems into vessel designs.
* Participate in design reviews and brainstorming sessions for new and existing vessel concepts.
* Support documentation, technical writing, and preparation of reports for internal use and client presentations.
* Research and stay updated on new developments in naval architecture, autonomous technology, and commercial shipping trends and innovation.

# **Qualifications**

* Must be a “*U.S. Person*”: *U.S. citizens, legal permanent residents, and certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*.
* Bachelor’s degree or higher in Naval Architecture, Marine Engineering, Ocean Engineering, or a related field.
* Ability to work at speed and support quick turnaround trade studies, highly attentive to schedule-driven design freezes.
* Clear communicator with both engineering and non-engineering stakeholders.
* Strong fundamentals in core naval architecture principles and proficiency with industry-standard tools, including one or more of the following:

  + Hull form and hydrostatics (e.g., Rhino3D, Orca3D)
  + Hydrodynamics and seakeeping (e.g., Proteus DS / ShipMo3D, StarCCM+, Simerics)
  + Stability and load case analysis tools (e.g. GHS)
  + Structural analysis FEA and FEM interfaces (e.g. FEMAP)
  + Systems and structures drawing tools (e.g. AutoCAD, Siemens NX)
* Working knowledge with energy efficiency measures (EEDI/EEXI, CII, hull optimization, hybrid power, alternative fuels, wind-assist)
* Senior Naval Architect: 5+ years of experience.
* Staff Naval Architect: 15+ years of experience.

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

# **Physical Requirements**

* **Mobility and Movement:** Ability to stand and walk for extended periods (e.g., 4–8 hours/day), climb stairs or ladders occasionally (if accessing elevated workspaces), bend, stoop, kneel, or crouch as needed during inspections or audits
* **Manual Dexterity:**Ability to manipulate small parts and tools during product inspections. Ability to use precision measuring instruments (e.g., calipers, micrometers)
* **Lifting and Carrying:**Ability to lift and carry up to 25–50 pounds occasionally (e.g., sample materials, equipment). Ability to push or pull carts or equipment as needed
* **Visual and Auditory Requirements:**Must have strong visual acuity (close vision, color vision, depth perception) to inspect products and read technical documents. Ability to detect subtle differences in materials, surface finish, or defects. Adequate hearing ability to respond to alarms, machine sounds, or communicate in noisy environments
* **Environmental Conditions:**Ability to work in manufacturing, warehouse, or cleanroom environments (may include exposure to dust, noise, or temperature variations). May require wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) such as gloves, safety glasses, ear protection, or lab coats
* **Technology Use:**Comfortable working at a computer workstation for extended periods (for report writing, data analysis, and documentation)

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
