---
title: Engineering Project Manager
status: active
id: 3a9bdf54-72f3-4d34-a982-200e982305d7
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/3a9bdf54-72f3-4d34-a982-200e982305d7
lastmod: '2026-04-01T18:09:27.222+00:00'
date: '2026-04-01T18:09:27.222+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly communicative, organized, and collaborative Engineering Project Manager to work alongside our engineers to drive the development of our products as we redefine maritime superiority. In this role, you will support engineering execution by building and maintaining schedules, leading cross-functional teams, by driving alignment, communication and accountability

# **Responsibilities**

* Build and maintain project schedules and timelines using standard project management tools (e.g., MS Project, Smartsheet, Jira, Asana).
* Develop infrastructure for project execution.
* Collaborate with management for project staffing allocation.
* Ensure clear project alignment and communication across leadership, stakeholders and staff.
* Lead recurring meetings to track progress, priorities, and ensure alignment across cross-functional teams.
* Maintaining project documentation and repositories by ensuring meeting notes, action items, risks/issues, and priorities are recorded.
* Reporting project health/status through established communication channels.
* Ensure consistent communication across engineering, operations, and leadership.
* Engage with external vendors, contractors, and suppliers to deliver projects on time and within budget

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Project Management, or a related field.
* 1-4 years of project management experience in an engineering or technical environment.
* Basic understanding and familiarity of project management methodologies and tools (e.g., Gantt charts, scheduling software, MS Project, Jira, or similar tools).
* Strong organizational and multitasking abilities to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
* Experience working with cross-functional teams.
* PMP or CAPM certification is a plus but not required

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
