---
title: Commissioning Mate, Marauder
status: active
id: 3cb8c370-257e-4e87-b9a5-903897916408
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/3cb8c370-257e-4e87-b9a5-903897916408
lastmod: '2026-01-06T17:14:24.513+00:00'
date: '2026-01-06T17:14:24.513+00:00'
location: Franklin, LA
departments:
- Commissioning
- Production
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Position Overview:**

Saronic is seeking a licensed Deck Officer to assist in the end of line testing and commissioning of our mid-sized autonomous surface vessel, Marauder. In this role, you will stand a navigational watch as part of the safe and efficient navigation of the vessel through a variety of maritime environments, while conducting commissioning testing and builder trials of cutting-edge autonomous systems.

Your responsibilities will include the safe navigation of the vessel during operational testing. You will contribute to the overall operation of the vessel as directed by the captain and assist in the vessel’s execution of mission objectives.

The ideal candidate will possess strong problem-solving and critical-thinking abilities. A steadfast commitment to safety and adherence to maritime regulations is essential for ensuring the highest standards in vessel operations.

# **Responsibilities:**

* **Vessel Operations**
* Safely navigate the vessel to and from operation testing sites.
* Standing a navigational watch in addition to monitoring and operation of autonomous systems
* Contribute to the overall operation as directed by the Captain.
* Assist in the shipboard execution of mission objectives.

# **Required Qualifications:**

* Valid U.S. Coast Guard. Minimum National 500/1600T Mate Upon Oceans. Unlimited Mate’s License desired.
* STCW Basic Training, GMDSS Operator, OICNW, FCC License
* Valid TWIC, USCG STCW Medical Certificate, and passport.
* Proficiency in maritime navigation systems
* Ability to work both independently and as a part of a group
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across cross-functional teams
* Must be able to stand a 12-hour navigational watch
* Pass background check and USCG/DOT drug testing
* Security clearance eligibility required
* Projected 28/28 schedule

# **Desired Qualifications:**

* Familiarity / experience with maneuvering characteristics of jet-drive propelled vessels
* Experience with autonomous or unmanned systems is a plus
* Prior experience working with the DoD or other government agencies is a plus

# **Role Requirements:**

* Strong organizational and time management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and senior management.
* Problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
* Strong leadership qualities, including the ability to motivate and inspire team members.
* Projected 28/28 rotation

# **Physical Demands:**

* Ability to certify as “fit for work” by demonstrating ability to swim and tread water
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 50 lbs.
* Will be exposed to marine environments, including sun, wind, rain, cold, and saltwater spray, often for extended periods
* Must be able to operate in daylight, low-light, and night conditions using marine navigation systems and visual cues
* Ability to perform physically demanding work i.e. stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 10 hours a day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, scaffolding or other high structures
* Ability to work in a hot and humid environment and follow safe practices to stay hydrated
* Hearing ability sufficient to detect alarms, verbal instructions, and workplace hazards in a high-noise environment.
* Must be able to work in a shipyard environment, including indoor fabrication shops, onboard vessels under construction, and outdoor areas exposed to changing weather conditions.
* Wear Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to: safety glasses, safety shoes, hard hat and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
