---
title: Global Security Operations Center (GSOC) Operator
status: active
id: 404e7bcd-e794-4409-934f-2d8190ed5371
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/404e7bcd-e794-4409-934f-2d8190ed5371
lastmod: '2026-02-24T17:00:38.249+00:00'
date: '2026-02-24T17:00:38.249+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- People
- Physical Security
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Summary:**

The Global Security Operations Center (GSOC) Operator will deliver a seamless and efficient customer service and incident management experience. This role involves systems monitoring, incident response, and escalations. The ideal candidate has strong customer service skill and is experienced with incident response and basic troubleshooting of physical security systems.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Monitor for, and respond to, physical security incidents.
* Collaborate with Risk Intelligence, IT, and InfoSec to respond to incidents.
* Notify incident commanders and escalate incidents per protocol
* Participate in regular training and exercises for incident response.
* Collaborate with the Security Systems team to report malfunctions and conduct troubleshooting.
* Maintain a culture of customer service excellence.

# **Qualifications:**

* High school diploma or equivalent required; associate or bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice, Security Studies or a related field preferred.
* 1+ year of experience in a physical security role.
* Knowledge of physical security systems.
* Experience in incident response.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
* Ability to collaborate across business units to resolve incidents.

# **Preferred Skills:**

* Ability to handle sensitive information with discretion.
* Ability to assess risk and make an informed-decision during fast-paced incidents.
* Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both written and vocal.

# **Work Environment/Physical Demands:**

* Extended hours may be necessary to support mission-critical operations.
* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., system hardware).

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
