---
title: Mission Operations Specialist - UK
status: active
id: 4963035d-84f5-4488-9964-c63b1e6660c9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/4963035d-84f5-4488-9964-c63b1e6660c9
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:07:49.940+00:00'
date: '2026-07-06T20:07:49.940+00:00'
location: Portsmouth, UK
departments:
- International - Mission Operations
- Mission Services
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

The Mission Operations Specialist role is responsible for coordinating and delivering work quality, output, basic budgeting, progress, and overall adherence to deadlines of the Mission Operations team. You will work closely with team members, stakeholders, and other departments to ensure successful delivery of assigned project and program objectives to meet organisational goals. Successful candidates will be able to operate at reach, with disaggregated communications, and the ability to translate intent into execution, with minimal direction. You can meet deadlines and achieve desired outcomes as both an individual contributor and as a part of your team.

# **Responsibilities**

**How you support the team**

* You help drive one or more product supporting programs toward a goal. E.g. ongoing R&D for Corsair.
* Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to define goals, objectives, and deliverables.
* Monitor the progress of projects, identifying potential issues or bottlenecks, and implement corrective measures as needed.
* Foster a collaborative and positive team environment, promoting open communication, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement.
* Provide guidance and support to team members, including technical expertise, problem-solving assistance, and career development coaching.

**How you support the mission**

* **Planning:** Work between internal and external stakeholders such as government customers, facilitating communication, managing expectations, and ensuring mission or program requirements are met. You will support the team through development of comprehensive mission plans, considering factors such as route optimisation, environmental conditions, and risk mitigation to achieve desired outcomes.
* **Autonomous Surface Vessel (ASV) Operations and Monitoring:** Operate ASV operations during missions, monitoring vessel performance, sensor data, and mission progress in real time. Troubleshoot technical issues and implement contingency plans to ensure mission continuity. Maintain situational awareness of maritime environments and adjust mission parameters as needed
* **Data Analysis and Reporting:** Collect, analyse, and interpret data acquired during ASV missions to derive actionable insights. Generate comprehensive mission reports detailing key findings, observations, and recommendations. Provide feedback to the engineering and development teams for continuous improvement of ASV capabilities.
* **Training and Support:** Conduct training sessions for government personnel on ASV operation, mission planning, and maintenance procedures. Provide ongoing support and assistance to end-users, addressing inquiries and resolving operational challenges effectively
* **Compliance and Safety:** Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, government policies, and industry standards related to ASV operations. Implement safety protocols and procedures to mitigate operational risks and ensure personnel safety

# Role Requirements

* Demonstrated success in project coordination and leadership in current role.
* Strong organisational and time management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and senior management.
* Demonstrated problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
* Strong leadership qualities, including the ability to motivate and inspire team members.
* This role requires up to 80% travel.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in business, engineering, maritime studies, or equivalent military experience in a related field is preferred.
* Experience in maritime operations, particularly with autonomous or unmanned systems is a plus
* Ability to hold a UK security clearance
* Proficiency in mission planning software, GIS tools, and maritime navigation systems
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make quick decisions under pressure
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across cross-functional teams
* Prior experience working with government is a plus

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits**

* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive private health insurance
* **Time Off:** Generous Paid Time Off and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

*This role requires the legal right to work in the United Kingdom. Employment may also be subject to applicable security, export control, and government contracting requirements.*

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
