---
title: Security Operations Associate
status: active
id: 4c324c31-3e65-49ee-a7e2-b919e3e63211
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/4c324c31-3e65-49ee-a7e2-b919e3e63211
lastmod: '2026-04-07T17:06:09.503+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T17:06:09.503+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- People
- Physical Security
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# Job Summary:

The Security Operations Associate supports daily physical security operations while delivering a high level of customer service to employees, visitors, and stakeholders. This role is responsible for front-facing security functions including all physical security support as needed, documentation management, and badging services, while also assisting with general site security tasks.

The ideal candidate is professional, detail-oriented, and customer-focused, with strong communication skills and a commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment. The ability to operate in a fast-paced, dynamic setting are required.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Assist with employee and contractor badge creation, activation, and deactivation

* Assist with maintaining accurate records of badge issuance and access levels

* Implement and maintain a culture of customer service excellence while enforcing security policies.

* Ensure adherence to company security policies and procedures

* Assist in developing security training

* Maintain organized and accurate documentation of security activities

* Support audits and inspections as required

# **Qualifications:**

* High school diploma or equivalent required.

* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.

* English language proficiency.

# **Preferred Skills:**

* Ability to handle sensitive information with discretion.

* Strong interpersonal and communication skills.

* Ability to de-escalate and diffuse situations professionally.

* Basic computer skills for reporting and access systems.

# **Work Environment/Physical Demands:**

* This role will require working both indoors and outdoors, including extended periods outside depending on operational needs.
* Ability to stand or sit for extended periods as required.

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
