---
title: EHS Engineer
status: active
id: 4f519428-efa1-48ee-b558-1545304c26ba
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/4f519428-efa1-48ee-b558-1545304c26ba
lastmod: '2026-04-14T15:10:13.326+00:00'
date: '2026-04-14T15:10:13.326+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- EHS
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a solution-driven, innovative, and experienced Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Engineer to support our fast-growing operations. The EHS Engineer will provide technical expertise in Design for Manufacturing (DFM), develop safety solutions to ensure compliant and successful integration from design, construction, commissioning, manufacturing, final product, and testing and validation. This role will collaborate with internal cross-functional teams, external vendors, and technology partners to promote safer work environments, develop efficient processes, and ensure regulatory compliance while promoting a culture of learning and operational excellence. This role will also support global EHS initiatives including the development and implementation of critical EHS programs.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Communication: Ensure organizational transparency through regular cross-departmental collaboration, progress updates, status reports, event bulletins and briefings, and milestones, achievements, and challenges to relevant stakeholders throughout the enterprise.

* Continuous improvement: Drive continuous improvement initiatives (plan, do, check, act) to enhance program management processes, methodologies, and tools, fostering a culture of innovation and excellence within the organization.

* Design: Lead and perform technical analyses on designs for manufacturing equipment and Saronic platforms to evaluate against internal and international standards, providing design recommendations that enhance and innovate safety.

* Innovate: Develop and implement safety standards for work with autonomous surface vessels.

* Integrate: Develop, lead, and/or perform Factory Acceptance Testing (FAT), Site Acceptance Testing (SAT), and equipment/area safety buyoffs to confirm equipment safety adherence to applicable standards (ANSI, ISO, NFPA, IBC, OSHA, ASME, etc.) at all equipment life stages.

* Management of Change: Conduct reviews and provide recommendations, including but not limited to, initial platform design, equipment safety and engineering or facility design change to successfully drive Management of Change (MOC).

* Program Engineering: Drive continuous improvement of Environmental, Health, and Safety programs including EHS program triggers, development, implementation, and management.

* Risk Management: Collaborate with Operational, Design, and Manufacturing teams to complete Job Hazard Analyses, Pre-Task Plans, PPE Assessments, Equipment Safety buyoffs, Ergonomic Assessments, and recommend, implement, and confirm appropriate safeguards to mitigate risk hazards have been installed.

* Performance evaluation: Evaluate EHS team (individual and team), and program performance utilizing internal metrics, OKRs and KPIs, and data analytics.

* Technical expertise: Be the subject matter expert on EHS matters including but not limited to facility/equipment/process design, process and facility commissioning, automation, non-ionizing radiation, autonomous platforms, fire and life safety systems, and industrial hygiene.

# **Required Qualifications:**

* Bachelor's degree in occupational health and safety, environmental science, engineering, public health, or a related field; professional certification (e.g., CSP, CIH, CHMM, PMP) preferred.

* 4+ years of experience with manufacturing EHS as an EHS Specialist or EHS Engineer, preferably in boat, maritime, aerospace, or general manufacturing or industrial environments.
* Position occasionally requires the ability to work overtime and weekends when needed.
* Role requires up to 20% travel between CA, TX, LA, and VA with opportunities to travel to other US locations.

# **Preferred Qualifications:**

* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and EHS software applications for data management and reporting.

* Proficiency with software for safety validation, design processes, integration, ensuring effective implementation.

* Thorough understanding of federal, state, and local EHS regulations, including OSHA, IFC, NFPA, ISO, ANSI, and DOT requirements.

* Proven track record of developing and implementing effective EHS programs and initiatives, safety design validation and innovation, with a focus on injury prevention and risk reduction.

* Strong analytical skills, with the ability to assess complex situations, identify trends, and develop data-driven solutions.

* Strong customer service, communication, and organizational skills, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders.

* Willingness to travel for prototype testing, Factory acceptance testing, and manufacturing commissioning, ensuring safety standards are met across all stages

* Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities and deadlines effectively.

* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

# **Physical Demands:**

* Ability to lift 35 lbs unassisted.
* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
