---
title: Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: 5353e481-3810-4a68-a09c-28235a17e086
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/5353e481-3810-4a68-a09c-28235a17e086
lastmod: '2026-04-01T21:51:42.604+00:00'
date: '2026-04-01T21:51:42.604+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
- Electrical Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly skilled Electrical Engineer responsible for designing, testing, and implementing electrical systems and components. You will collaborate closely with a multidisciplinary team of engineers, including software engineers, mechanical engineers, and naval architects to develop state-of-the-art electrical solutions that meet the unique challenges of autonomous vessels on open water.

# **Responsibilities**

* Responsible partner with core electrical design engineering and manufacturing teams through product development and production to improve product function and reliability by applying best practices to designs and establishing repeatable process control.
* Support new product development by prototyping early development hardware to learn the design limitations.
* Execute on design for manufacturability changes to enhance production efficiency.
* Resolve and analyze manufacturing discrepancies while interfacing with the quality team (resolving issues for design, fabrication, and assembly).
* Participate in design reviews internally and with suppliers and customers.
* Partner with engineering & production teams to generate ideas, designs, and improvements for current and next-generation vessels.
* Source, retain, and advise new and experienced vendors from a technical perspective.
* Dive deep into the details to identify, understand, and solve difficult technical problems and also utilize a system-level approach to prioritize issues for the vessel as a whole.
* Identify opportunities for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances.
* Constantly be challenging requirements to determine what adds value and what is non-value added overhead.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering or a related field.
* Proven understanding of electrical engineering principles, including design integrations into complex systems
* Experience in wire harnessing, radios, transmissions, and integrating systems is a plus
* Experience in designing electrical systems for complex projects, preferably in the automotive, maritime or defense industry.
* Knowledge of industry standards and regulations related to electrical systems, such as IEEE, IEC, and ABS is a plus
* Familiarity with programming languages and software development practices is a plus.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot and resolve electrical issues.
* Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team environment.
* Adaptability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment with a strong drive for innovation and continuous improvement.
* Ability to travel as needed.

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
