---
title: Corporate Development Manager
status: active
id: 57613eb6-c750-4cb3-841a-651238eaa685
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/57613eb6-c750-4cb3-841a-651238eaa685
lastmod: '2026-05-11T20:54:51.358+00:00'
date: '2026-05-11T20:54:51.358+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Corporate Development
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**About the Role:**

Saronic is looking for a highly motivated and driven individual to join our Corporate Development team. The role will be critical in leading and executing our corporate development strategy, including identifying, evaluating, and executing mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and strategic investments. We’re looking for a track record of success, strong financial modeling skills, experience with a variety of deal structures, and a passion for defense technology.

**Responsibilities:**

* Lead and manage the full lifecycle of an M&A transaction, from initial opportunity identification and due diligence to deal negotiation, closing, and post-acquisition integration.
* Conduct comprehensive industry and competitive analysis to identify potential acquisition targets, investment opportunities, and strategic partnerships.
* Build detailed financial models and valuation analyses to support deal evaluations and recommendations.
* Collaborate with internal cross-functional teams, including engineering, operations, finance, and legal to ensure seamless execution.
* Present transaction proposals and recommendations to senior management.
* Develop and maintain strong relationships with investment banks, advisors, consultants, and other industry professionals.

**Qualifications:**

* 5+ years of experience in corporate development, investment banking, private equity, consulting, or a related field.
* Strong financial modeling and valuation skills, including experience building complex financial models from scratch.
* Significant experience with a variety of deal structures, including M&A, carve-outs, equity investments, and joint ventures.
* Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills (both written and verbal).
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team, with strong attention to detail and fluent project management skills.

**Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

**Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in [8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)](https://usg02.safelinks.protection.office365.us/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.govinfo.gov%2Flink%2Fuscode%2F8%2F1324b&data=05%7C02%7Ckathy.allen%40saronic.com%7C0741723dfecb481cbd7708ddbf29ba35%7C97799b1f9a79413192f4d7e1a1e8fbf9%7C0%7C0%7C638876908115362021%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJFbXB0eU1hcGkiOnRydWUsIlYiOiIwLjAuMDAwMCIsIlAiOiJXaW4zMiIsIkFOIjoiTWFpbCIsIldUIjoyfQ%3D%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=1hAzwVtfQpqnE0HeXekpFXAquSe20vIhZ9Zsd3hyEjo%3D&reserved=0).

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
