---
title: Sub-Assembly Technician
status: active
id: 5ca1fd9a-7fb4-4cc3-9bbb-831887ec1da4
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/5ca1fd9a-7fb4-4cc3-9bbb-831887ec1da4
lastmod: '2026-03-17T20:28:41.745+00:00'
date: '2026-03-17T20:28:41.745+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Production
- Production - TX
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly motivated and skilled Sub Assembly Technician to join our production team. In this role, you will be integral to assembling and integrating sub-systems and components for our autonomous surface vessels. The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience with mechanical assembly, electronics, and troubleshooting in a high-tech environment.

# **Responsibilities**

* Assemble and integrate sub-systems and components according to engineering specifications and production guidelines.
* Perform detailed inspections and testing of sub-assemblies to ensure they meet quality standards and functional requirements.
* Utilize hand tools, power tools, and specialized equipment to complete assembly tasks.
* Collaborate with engineers and other technicians to address assembly issues and implement improvements.
* Maintain accurate records of assembly processes, including any deviations or issues encountered.
* Adhere to safety protocols and ensure a clean and organized work environment.
* Contribute to the development of assembly procedures and best practices.
* Assist in the development and maintenance of technical documentation for assembly processes.
* Strip, crimp, and assemble wire harnesses to engineering drawings.
* Identifyand utilize hand tools, power tools.

# **Qualifications**

* High School Diploma or equivalent; technical degree or certification in a related field is a plus.
* Proven experience as a technician or assembler, preferably in a high-tech or aerospace environment.
* Strong understanding of mechanical and electrical systems and their integration.
* Proficiency with hand tools, power tools, and diagnostic equipment.
* Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings, schematics, and technical manuals.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to work independently as well as part of a team in a fast-paced startup environment.
* Strong communication skills and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
* IPC-620 WHMA is a plus.
* Soldering is a plus.
* Moderate computer proficiency (Excel, Slack, Email).
* Familiar with proper use of DMM (Digital Multi Meter).

# **Physical Requirements**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours a day
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours a day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 35 lbs., including the ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs
* Frequently and repetitively, bend, lift and reach to install parts
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours a day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, scaffolding or other high structures Ability to find issues in a work process and receive safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing
* Wearing Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to: safety glasses, safety shoes, bump cap and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
