---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer – PCBA Schematic & Layout
status: active
id: 65628400-7c42-423c-aadc-1e13fb0189fc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/65628400-7c42-423c-aadc-1e13fb0189fc
lastmod: '2026-04-01T22:16:42.765+00:00'
date: '2026-04-01T22:16:42.765+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Electrical Engineering
- Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking an experienced Electrical Engineer with strong PCB schematic and layout expertise to join our engineering team. In this role, you will take ownership of fast-paced board-level design from concept through production, working on high-reliability systems for demanding environments. Prior experience in the defense, aerospace, automotive or marine industries is highly desirable.

You will collaborate cross-functionally with other electrical, firmware/software, mechanical, and manufacturing/quality teams to design, validate, and deliver robust electronic solutions.

# **Key Responsibilities**

* Primarily digital and power-based designs, but analog design is a possibility.
* Own the **entire PCB design lifecycle**, including requirements, major component selection, block diagrams, schematic, circuit analysis, placement, routing, DFA/DFM review, prototype testing, and documentation.
* Create and maintain **BOMs, design files, netlists, and manufacturing documentation**.
* Work closely with mechanical engineers to integrate PCBs into enclosures and assemblies.
* Lead or support **prototype bring-up, debugging, and testing** with support from the firmware/software teams (Capability to write firmware/software for bring-up is a plus).
* Perform **signal integrity, power budgeting, and thermal analysis** as needed.
* Review and optimize designs for **EMC/EMI compliance** and environmental robustness.
* Interface with **fabrication and assembly vendors**, addressing build issues and driving quality improvements.
* Participate and cross-collaborate in **design reviews and peer reviews** to ensure high standards.
* Contribute to and improve **engineering processes, libraries, and design guidelines**.
* Support **ITAR/export compliance** and follow relevant standards such as **MIL-STD’s, IPC-610/6012, etc.**

# **Required Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or related field.
* **3+ years** of professional experience in PCB schematic and layout design**.**
* Proficiency with **Altium Designer** (or other equivalent EDA tools).
* Experience with **multi-layer board design** and high-speed or mixed-signal circuitry.
* Strong understanding of **electronic components, circuit theory, and board-level design principles**.
* Ability to interpret **datasheets, standards, and mechanical constraints**.
* Proven experience with **design for manufacturing (DFM) and design for test (DFT).**
* Excellent **problem-solving, documentation, and communication skills.**

# **Preferred Qualifications:**

* Experience in **defense, aerospace, or other safety/mission-critical industries.**
* Familiarity with **ruggedized systems, high-temperature settings, water-intrusion protection**, and other environmental requirements.
* Knowledge of **MIL-STD, IPC standards, or similar frameworks.**
* Experience with **SPICE simulations, Signal Integrity Analysis, or reliability engineering.**
* Ability to work with **firmware, FPGA, or embedded teams**.
* Active or previous **security clearance** (or ability to obtain one).
* Ownership mentality and attention to detail.
* Ability to work both **independently and in multidisciplinary teams.**
* Strong organizational and time management skills.
* Comfortable working in a **fast-paced, product-focused environment.**

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
