---
title: Boat Captain
status: active
id: 70046b6d-411c-4f7b-b3c6-7eea0d93fc4e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/70046b6d-411c-4f7b-b3c6-7eea0d93fc4e
lastmod: '2026-04-30T16:49:20.358+00:00'
date: '2026-04-30T16:49:20.358+00:00'
location: Virginia Beach, VA
departments:
- Mission Services
- Mission Training
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# Job Summary

We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Boat Captain to support the deployment, testing, and operation of our autonomous surface vessels. This role is critical in bridging traditional marine operations with next-generation autonomy. As Boat Captain, you’ll operate manned support vessels and assist in the oversight of autonomous systems during field tests, contributing directly to the development and validation of advanced maritime technologies.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Operate and maintain company-owned support vessels during field trials and test events.
* Lead safe deployment, recovery, and towing operations of ASVs in various maritime environments.
* Collaborate closely with engineers, autonomy developers, and mission planners to execute test plans.
* Ensure all maritime operations comply with local, state, and federal regulations, including USCG standards.
* Participate in safety assessments and contribute to operational planning and risk mitigation.
* Support logistics, maintenance, and troubleshooting of vessels and onboard systems.
* Act as the on-water safety lead during test operations.

# **Qualifications:**

* Valid U.S. Coast Guard Captain's License, Near Coastal or greater (e.g., OUPV Near Coastal, or Master 25/50/100 GRT Near Coastal or Oceans), with a Towing Endorsement
* Minimum 3 years experience operating vessels in coastal or open-ocean environments.
* Strong knowledge of maritime safety, navigation, and emergency procedures.
* Comfortable operating in a dynamic startup environment and willing to “wear many hats.”
* Excellent communication and leadership skills in high-tempo operational settings.
* Physically capable of working on boats in variable weather and sea conditions.

# **Preferred Qualifications:**

* Radar Observer
* FCC Marine Radio Operator Permit (MROP)
* STCW Basic Safety Training
* First Aid / CPR / AED
* Experience supporting military or government maritime operations.
* Familiarity with autonomous or remotely operated marine vehicles.
* Background in marine electronics, navigation systems, or mechanical systems.
* Security clearance or ability to obtain one.

# **Physical Demands:**

* Ability to certify as “fit for work” by demonstrating ability to swim and tread water
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 75 lbs.
* Will be exposed to marine environments, including sun, wind, rain, cold, and saltwater spray, often for extended periods
* Must be able to operate in daylight, low-light, and night conditions using marine navigation systems and visual cues
* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
