---
title: Production Scheduler
status: active
id: 76e76c44-f950-4f64-a079-602479f1a0d6
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/76e76c44-f950-4f64-a079-602479f1a0d6
lastmod: '2026-05-28T21:28:33.588+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T21:28:33.588+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Supply Chain
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly organized, detail-oriented, and proactive **Production Scheduler** to join our fast-growing team. As a Production Scheduler, you will play a crucial role in coordinating and managing the scheduling of production activities to ensure timely delivery of our autonomous surface vessels to meet client requirements. This is a hands-on role where you will work closely with engineering, production, and supply chain teams to optimize workflows, prioritize tasks, and ensure the efficient use of resources.

# **Responsibilities**

* Develop and maintain detailed production schedules to meet deadlines and project milestones for autonomous surface vessels.
* Work closely with the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Supply Chain teams to ensure alignment between design, procurement, and production needs.
* Monitor and track production progress, ensuring timely completion of tasks and milestones.
* Identify potential scheduling conflicts or production delays, and take corrective action to ensure projects stay on track.
* Coordinate with the procurement team to ensure material availability and inventory control, avoiding any supply chain disruptions.
* Manage and update project timelines in response to engineering changes, customer requirements, and unforeseen production challenges.
* Communicate production schedules and status updates to internal stakeholders, providing visibility into potential delays and resource bottlenecks.
* Optimize production resources (manpower, equipment, materials) to ensure maximum efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
* Maintain documentation and records related to production schedules, project timelines, and supply chain management for audit and reporting purposes.
* Assist in the planning and coordination of test runs and quality checks for the autonomous surface vessels.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain management, Engineering, Manufacturing, or related field (preferred).
* 3+ years of experience in production scheduling, preferably in a manufacturing environment (experience with defense or advanced technology products is a plus).
* Strong knowledge of production scheduling software, ERP systems (e.g., SAP, Oracle, or similar), and Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, etc.).
* Proven experience in managing cross-functional teams and working in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.
* Excellent organizational and multitasking skills, with the ability to prioritize and manage competing demands.
* Strong problem-solving skills and ability to think critically in addressing production issues.
* Familiarity with DoD production standards, regulatory compliance, and quality assurance processes (preferred).
* Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to interact effectively with internal teams and external partners.
* High level of attention to detail and accuracy in managing production timelines and schedules.
* Ability to adapt to a fast-paced, ever-changing startup environment.

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
