---
title: Production Supervisor - 1st Shift
status: active
id: 798f4fb5-80d4-48e0-afe5-e264dd4e63bd
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/798f4fb5-80d4-48e0-afe5-e264dd4e63bd
lastmod: '2025-11-05T20:56:41.629+00:00'
date: '2025-11-05T20:56:41.629+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Production
- Production - TX
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview:**

The Production Supervisor, Corsair, will oversee the day-to-day operations of the production floor, ensuring that production meets quality standards and delivery timelines. This role requires strong leadership skills, technical expertise in integrating components and hardware, and a commitment to fostering a safe and efficient work environment. The ideal candidate will have a background in manufacturing, especially in the aerospace or automotive industries. 1st Shift hours: 6am-2:30pm.

# **Key Responsibilities:**

**Leadership & Team Management:**

* Supervise and mentor a team of technicians, promoting a culture of collaboration, safety, and continuous improvement.
* Train, evaluate, and manage production personnel, set performance standards and conduct regular assessments.

  **Operational Oversight:**
* Manage the scheduling, planning, and execution of integration operations to meet production goals.
* Ensure compliance with safety regulations and industry standards.
* Track production data and implement improvements to enhance efficiency and reduce costs

  **Quality Control:**
* Implement and maintain quality assurance protocols to ensure precision and reliability in ASV builds.
* Troubleshoot and resolve integration issues, optimizing processes for efficiency and effectiveness.

  **Equipment Management:**
* Oversee maintenance and repair of equipment and tools to ensure optimal performance.
* Assess and recommend new technologies and equipment to enhance production capabilities.

  **Collaboration:**
* Work closely with engineering and design teams to provide feedback on manufacturability and suggest improvements.
* Coordinate with supply chain management for materials and inventory control.
* Assist in resource allocation to hit weekly and monthly delivery objectives
* Identify opportunities for cost reduction while maintaining quality.

# **Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering, Manufacturing Technology, or a related field (preferred), though significant experiences may substitute for formal education.
* 5+ years of experience in aintegration or production floor with at least 2 years in a supervisory or management role.
* Strong knowledge of fabricating, harness routing, and lifting operations.
* Experience in the defense industry or working with autonomous systems is a plus.
* Proven ability to lead teams, manage projects, and meet tight deadlines.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

# **Physical Demands:**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 35 lbs.
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours/day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to find issues in a work process and be alert to safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing
* Demonstrated ability to handle and manipulate tooling and mechanically fasten bolts within required cycle time
* Exposures to hazardous materials and ability to follow waste handling/disposal procedures
* Exposure to offensive odors for an extended period of time
* Wearing Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to safety glasses, safety shoes, hearing protection, respiratory protection, gloves, and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
