---
title: Mission Operations Engineer (Product)
status: active
id: 7d4461fa-0c32-45e5-8522-1e18ddd9135a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/7d4461fa-0c32-45e5-8522-1e18ddd9135a
lastmod: '2026-03-27T22:20:52.605+00:00'
date: '2026-03-27T22:20:52.605+00:00'
location: Virginia Beach, VA
departments:
- Mission Operations
- Mission Services
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Overview**

As a Mission Operations Engineer, you will be hands-on with the deployment, validation, and iterative improvement of our autonomous surface vessels. You will be a member of the **Test & Evaluation** element, the internal-facing element focused on structured testing for product improvement through software and hardware iteration. Your work will directly support both project-based deliverables (e.g., capability rollouts) and ongoing programs (e.g., V1 software release). You will help ensure our systems meet rigorous technical and operational standards through detailed testing, data analysis, and cross-functional coordination. You are able to meet deadlines and achieve desired outcomes as both an individual contributor and as a part of your team.

**Responsibilities**

**How you support the mission**

* Develop deep understanding of vehicle HW and SW architecture, and how the vehicle operates as a integrated system.
* Lead planning and execution of structured field tests for vessel performance pertaining to autonomous navigation, perception, communications, and sensor integration, among other vessel functionalities.
* Diagnose and perform real-time troubleshooting of autonomy, networking, and onboard hardware or software during test events.
* Implement solutions for testing, safety of vessel operations, and system robustness to maximize efficiency.
* Own data logging and telemetry monitoring systems; ensure data integrity for post-test analysis.
* Contribute to root cause analysis (RCCA) and issue triage workflows after field anomalies, with reporting to relevant review boards to eliminate repeat issues.
* Maintain autonomous vessels and test environments, including vessel and support craft operations, through the use of telemetry tools and onboard diagnostics to enhance reliability of all equipment and products.
* Ensure testing aligns with DoD performance, compliance, and safety standards when applicable.

**How you support the team**

* Lead planning and execution of test cases to validate software updates, autonomy behaviors, and integrated system functionality.
* Interface with autonomy, software, hardware, and systems teams to translate product requirements into field-validated test objectives.
* Foster a collaborative and positive team environment, promoting open communication, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement.
* Develop test procedures, checklists, and safety protocols to support repeatable and safe vessel operation and overall mission execution while eliminating process waste.
* Create post-mission reports with detailed logs, data plots, issue summaries, and engineering feedback.

**Qualifications**

**Basic Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field
* 1+ years of hands-on engineering experience (design teams and previous internships qualify)

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills (HW/SW) and ability to work effectively in challenging field conditions such as off-shore in open water
* Experience and knowledge of best practices in planning and execution of complex test operations involving autonomous systems
* Knowledge of networking protocols and communication systems used in autonomous vessels
* Systems engineering experience, ability to understand multi-disciplinary integrated systems
* Experience with sensor integration such as EO/IR, radar, IMU, and data processing
* Experience with integration and testing of multi-disciplinary integrated systems
* Experience with robotics, AI, or machine learning applications
* Familiarity with software development in Rust, Python, or other languages and CLI environment
* Ability to clone repositories, create/check-out branches, cherry‑pick commits, and check status across multiple branches while testing features
* Familiarity with maritime operations
* Understanding of DoD requirements and standards for autonomous systems
* Experience working with embedded systems and real-time computing
* Job requires up to 50% travel.

**Physical Demands**

* Ability to certify as “fit for work” by demonstrating ability to swim and tread water
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 75 lbs.
* Will be exposed to marine environments, including sun, wind, rain, cold, and saltwater spray, often for extended periods
* Must be able to operate in daylight, low-light, and night conditions using marine navigation systems and visual cues
* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs

**Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
