---
title: Receiving Clerk
status: active
id: 87577cfa-3d25-424e-9613-41d0dde8e0f0
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/87577cfa-3d25-424e-9613-41d0dde8e0f0
lastmod: '2026-07-15T18:48:17.462+00:00'
date: '2026-07-15T18:48:17.462+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Expediting
- Supply Chain
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

The Receiving Clerk is responsible for the physical receipt of inbound shipments and the accurate entry of received goods into the inventory system. This role also manages receiving documentation, resolves discrepancies, and supports internal deliveries.

# **Responsibilities**

* **Receiving Shipments (35%)**

* Physically receive all incoming parcel and freight shipments.

* Verify quantity and condition of delivered items against packing slips.

2. **System Receiving (25%)**

* Perform systematic receiving of purchase orders (POs) within ION.

* Ensure all items are correctly logged in the system with proper documentation.

3. **Inventory Put-Away & Notification (15%)**

* Put away inventory in designated storage locations.

* Notify departments of non-inventory deliveries via iPad or internal system.

4. **Discrepancy Management & Documentation (15%)**

* Maintain a log of discrepancies between received and expected goods.

* Upload packing lists and attach to receipts in ION for record keeping.

5. **Past Due PO Research (10%)**

* Assist with identifying and resolving past due POs.

* Coordinate with Purchasing or Inventory teams as needed.

# **Qualifications**

* Strong attention to detail and documentation accuracy

* Proficiency in ION or similar inventory systems

* Ability to lift and handle incoming material safely

* Effective communication with vendors and internal teams

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
