---
title: Project Manager
status: active
id: 87da5f66-a633-4b66-8b09-5d9a4dcede16
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/87da5f66-a633-4b66-8b09-5d9a4dcede16
lastmod: '2026-03-07T02:31:49.383+00:00'
date: '2026-03-07T02:31:49.383+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

The Project Manager will oversee planning, execution, and delivery of operations-related initiatives critical to the success of the wider organization to ensure Saronic’s initiatives support and improve the rapid development of products, processes, company expansion and growth, support services, documentation and overall operations. You will be responsible for managing project lifecycles, which includes activities like developing project plans, schedules, securing resources, leading teams, communicating with stakeholders, providing status updates and communications, while managing risks for projects on teams including, but not limited to: Technical Media, IT, Mission Services, Supply Chain and more.

# **Responsibilities**

* Oversee the full lifecycle of operations-related projects, from initiation through planning, execution, monitoring, and delivery.
* Develop comprehensive project plans, timelines, and resource allocation strategies to ensure successful project completion.
* Coordinate and collaborate with cross-functional teams across departments.
* Track project progress, identify potential risks, and implement mitigation strategies to ensure timely delivery and quality outcomes.
* Facilitate clear communication between project stakeholders, leadership, and team members through regular updates and reports.
* Define and manage project scope, objectives, and deliverables aligned with organizational goals.
* Support the continuous improvement of operational processes, documentation, and support systems to enhance efficiency and scalability.
* Lead project team meetings, taking notes and action items, while fostering a culture of accountability, collaboration, and results-driven execution.
* Utilize project management tools and methodologies to maintain transparency, documentation, and operational consistency.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Operations Management, Project Management, or a related field.
* 1+ years of experience in project management, preferably within operations or a technology-driven organization.
* Proven ability to manage and organize multiple complex projects simultaneously under tight deadlines.
* Strong understanding of project management methodologies.
* Excellent communication, leadership, and stakeholder management skills.
* Demonstrated experience coordinating cross-functional teams and aligning diverse stakeholders toward common goals.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with attention to detail and process optimization.
* Proficiency with project management software (e.g., Asana, Jira, Smartsheet, or Microsoft Project).
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, growth-oriented environment and adapt to changing priorities.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
