---
title: Mechanical Engineer - Special Programs
status: active
id: 8e6399b9-2a1b-42f4-90f9-fcfabc51ac2f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/8e6399b9-2a1b-42f4-90f9-fcfabc51ac2f
lastmod: '2026-01-22T19:31:54.702+00:00'
date: '2026-01-22T19:31:54.702+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Product
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# Job Overview

Saronic Special Programs is a small path-finding team chartered to rapidly prototype new ideas. Special Programs is responsible for generating new ideas, building and testing physical prototypes, and validating future products which continue Saronic’s mission to redefine maritime superiority.

We are seeking a Mechanical Engineer responsible for designing, building, and testing a variety of complex systems, including autonomous platforms and edge devices. You will work on a diverse range of technical challenges, including the design of assemblies, structures, linkages, and other electromechanical components. You will collaborate with a small group of like-minded developers to solve robust problems with limited resources and time. You will design in CAD and build in the shop. You will explore the frontier of maritime technology.

# **Responsibilities**

* Develop mechanical assemblies and systems for a variety of applications
* Generate initial concepts, CAD designs, and engineering drawings
* Perform rapid sub-system and full-system prototyping, experimentation, and validation
* Select and evaluate mechanical designs for reliability in harsh marine environments
* Work with vendors and manufacturing partners to source and assemble mechanical assemblies and components
* Support and participate in regular field testing and/or Government demonstrations

# **Qualifications**

* Experience building complex systems from scratch, including autonomous platforms
* Experience in marine, aerospace, robotics, or automotive hardware development
* Proficiency in CAD (Solidworks, NX)
* Fabrication experience is a plus (machining, welding, hand-tools)
* Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work in a fast-paced startup environment
* Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams
* Comfort operating with high uncertainty, minimal resources, compressed timelines, and aggressive goals and schedules

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)*"*

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
