---
title: Information Architect
status: active
id: 9c127f28-432a-4c00-bf69-6f87aa0da755
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/9c127f28-432a-4c00-bf69-6f87aa0da755
lastmod: '2025-12-16T14:43:20.318+00:00'
date: '2025-12-16T14:43:20.318+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Operations
- Technical Media
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Position Overview:**

We are seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented **Information Architect** to help coordinate the development of our autonomous surface vessels (ASVs) for Department of Defense programs. In this role, your primary responsibilities will be to keep technical media schedules on track, ensure tasks are properly resourced and tracked, support clear communication across teams, and plan and execute content strategy for interdepartmental documentation.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Define project scopes, goals, and deliverables; create detailed project plans, timelines, and task assignments.
* Act as a central point of communication for all stakeholders, providing regular updates, reports on progress, and solutions to challenges.
* Manage and allocate resources to ensure project success.
* Track project progress; manage risks and obstacles as they arise.
* Ensure the quality of project deliverables and confirm that company standards are met.
* Evaluate project performance, document lessons learned, and formally close out the project; provide after action reports.
* Provide clear and intuitive navigation, content categories, and findability functionality to make information easy to find and use.
* Analyze audience needs and behaviors to understand how users interact with digital products and identify opportunities for improvement.
* Use documentation site maps, wireframes, and user flows as necessary to visualize intended user experience and system architecture.
* Work across teams to align information architecture with business goals and project requirements.
* Define content strategy, including how and where content will be displayed and accessed within the digital product.
* Plan and conduct usability tests to evaluate the effectiveness of the information architecture and identify areas for refinement.

# **Qualifications:**

* Strong understanding of user-centered design and how to create positive user journeys.
* Ability to analyze complex information and translate it into user-friendly systems.
* Strong communication skills to collaborate with stakeholders and explain architecture decisions.
* Knowledge of project management software and tools for collaboration, scheduling, and tracking progress.
* Knowledge of relevant and tools used for information architecture; Confluence and Linear proficiency required.
* Understanding of how people learn and process information, knowledge of library science.

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
