---
title: R&D Test Technician
status: active
id: 9fbdc46d-5633-403f-ab07-ee16ce63ff05
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/9fbdc46d-5633-403f-ab07-ee16ce63ff05
lastmod: '2026-02-26T18:59:06.406+00:00'
date: '2026-02-26T18:59:06.406+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
- Test Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Overview**

The technician’s responsibilities include working with engineers to improve existing multi-disciplinary systems related to developing new autonomous vehicle concepts and prototypes. Technical activities include assembling and testing of mechanical, electrical, electronic, and software driven systems. Candidate must be able to draw on a

wide range of technical principles and work within demanding timeframes to accomplish practical solutions to technical and logistical problems.

**Responsibilities:**

* Work with technical teams and independently to problem solve and execute tasks
* Interpret technical drawings, schematics, technical specifications, and assembly instructions.
* Assemble and integrate mechanical and electrical sub-assemblies
* Integration of electro-mechanical systems into a fully integrated system in laboratory test fixture and on vehicle testing.
* Rapidly and independently building functional prototypes for use in the lab or in the field
* Install instrumentation and sensors and connect to data acquisition (DAQ) hardware.
* Follow procedures to update software and firmware packages
* Follow testing plans and procedures to collect the data
* Operate and monitor proof of concept, functionality, and reliability testing of components, sub-systems, and fully integrated systems.
* Participate in testing efforts in the laboratory and in the field which includes marine environments.
* Maintain a detailed log of all test results, repairs, and modifications.
* Collaborate with the engineering team to interpret test results and implement corrective actions when necessary.
* Utilize diagnostic tools and equipment (e.g., multimeters, power analyzers, oscilloscopes) to assess and troubleshoot electrical functionality.
* Work closely with engineers to identify and resolve mechanical and electrical issues and implement repairs and other corrective actions.
* Provide feedback to the design and engineering teams to improve product designs and streamline processes.

**Desired Qualifications and Skills:**

* 3+ years of experience working with electromechanical systems from small to large scales
* Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and as part of a team.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.
* Field experience operating, maintaining, diagnosing, testing, and repairing electro-mechanical systems.
* Experience with large diesel engines and drivetrains including installing, maintaining, startup, and shutdown ideally with marine propulsion and electrical power generation
* Experience working with hydraulic or pressurized fluid systems and knowledge of hydraulic system technology.
* Experience with installing, integrating, and maintaining high voltage equipment.
* Strong knowledge of electrical systems, wiring, and schematics.
* Proficiency and experience in using tools and equipment for integration, assembly, testing, and troubleshooting electronic and mechanical systems
* Proficiency with mechanical measurement tools, hand tools, power tools, and fabrication
* Proficiency with torque specifications, torque tools, torque processes, and documentation
* Proficiency with electrical measurement tools, cable and harness making and repair.
* Attention to detail and a commitment to producing high-quality results.
* Experience operating heavy equipment specifically forklifts including warehouse and all terrain tele-handler/boom types

**Preferred Qualifications and Skills:**

* Associate's degree or equivalent technical certification in electronics, mechatronics, or a related field.
* Experience working with autonomous systems, unmanned vehicles, or defense technologies.
* Marine systems experience including surface, subsurface, and deep sea.
* Maritime operations including offshore support
* Familiarity with embedded systems, sensors, and controllers used in autonomous vessels.
* Knowledge of software tools for electrical system testing and diagnostics.
* Sensor and data acquisition scaling and system op-check
* Familiarity with Vehicle Diagnostic Software such as OBD II or similar

**Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

**Physical Demands**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 20 lbs.
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs
* Ability to work outside for an extended period of time
* Frequently and repetitively, bend, lift and reach to install vehicle parts of varying size and weight overhead, accurately and in allotted timeframes
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours/day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to find issues in a work process and be alert to safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing
* Demonstrated ability to handle and manipulate tooling and mechanically fasten bolts within required cycle time
* Exposures to hazardous materials and ability to follow waste handling/disposal procedures
* Wearing Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to safety glasses, safety shoes, hearing protection, gloves and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic.sharepoint.us/:x:/r/sites/People/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B254536d0-6a1f-4dbf-baab-6b1fe975642e%7D&action=edit&activeCell=%27Sheet1%27!B11&wdinitialsession=efc39436-afab-3397-338d-0726117eb272&wdrldsc=8&wdrldc=1&wdrldr=AccessTokenExpiredWarningUnauthenticated%2CRefreshin)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
