---
title: Machine Shop Manager
status: active
id: 9fd3ec7b-0512-486a-a2da-199f0759eb3a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/9fd3ec7b-0512-486a-a2da-199f0759eb3a
lastmod: '2025-10-03T17:23:15.645+00:00'
date: '2025-10-03T17:23:15.645+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Production
- Production - TX
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview:**

The Machine Shop Manager will oversee the day-to-day operations of our machine shop, ensuring that production meets quality standards and delivery timelines. This role requires strong leadership skills, technical expertise in machining, and a commitment to fostering a safe and efficient work environment. The ideal candidate will have a background in manufacturing, especially in the defense or robotics sectors.

# **Key Responsibilities**

**Leadership & Team Management:**

* Supervise and mentor a team of machinists and technicians, promoting a culture of collaboration, safety, and continuous improvement.
* Conduct performance evaluations and provide training to enhance team skills and knowledge.

  **Operational Oversight:**
* Manage the scheduling, planning, and execution of machining operations to meet production goals.
* Ensure compliance with safety regulations and industry standards.

  **Quality Control:**
* Implement and maintain quality assurance protocols to ensure precision and reliability in manufactured components.
* Troubleshoot and resolve machining issues, optimizing processes for efficiency and effectiveness.

  **Equipment Management:**
* Oversee maintenance and repair of machinery and tools to ensure optimal performance.
* Assess and recommend new technologies and equipment to enhance production capabilities.

  **Collaboration:**
* Work closely with engineering and design teams to provide feedback on manufacturability and suggest improvements.
* Coordinate with supply chain management for materials and inventory control.

  **Budget Management:**
* Assist in budget preparation and manage costs associated with machining operations.
* Identify opportunities for cost reduction while maintaining quality.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Technology, or a related field (preferred).
* 5+ years of experience in a machine shop environment, with at least 2 years in a supervisory or management role.
* Strong knowledge of machining processes, CNC programming, and tooling.
* Experience in the defense industry or working with autonomous systems is a plus.
* Proven ability to lead teams, manage projects, and meet tight deadlines.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

# **Physical Demands**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 35 lbs.
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours/day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to find issues in a work process and be alert to safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing
* Demonstrated ability to handle and manipulate tooling and mechanically fasten bolts within required cycle time
* Exposures to hazardous materials and ability to follow waste handling/disposal procedures
* Exposure to offensive odors for an extended period of time
* Wearing Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to safety glasses, safety shoes, hearing protection, respiratory protection, gloves, and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
