---
title: EHS Technician - Shipyard (1st or 2nd Shift)
status: active
id: a2a69b86-e60f-4065-bb57-ac5a930ab8fa
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/a2a69b86-e60f-4065-bb57-ac5a930ab8fa
lastmod: '2026-04-01T16:21:09.955+00:00'
date: '2026-04-01T16:21:09.955+00:00'
location: Franklin, LA
departments:
- EHS
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**:

We are seeking a motivated and energetic Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Technician to support our mission of creating a healthy and safe environment for our employees and community. The EHS Technician is a critical EHS role that supports production day-to-day operations across multiple EHS programs by handling EHS inspections and training, increasing employee engagement, collecting and recording EHS information, and driving continuous improvement of EHS processes and systems.

# **Responsibilities:**

* **Environmental**:
* Support management ofIndustrial and Hazardous waste management including waste inspections, storage, handling, transport, and disposal.
* Support daily, weekly, or monthly Air-permit requirements, Hazardous and Industrial Waste, Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP), and Spill Prevention Countermeasure and Control (SPCC) inspections and management tasks.
* **Health and Safety:**
* Support program management of Respiratory Protection, Hearing Conservation, Ergonomics, Powered Industrial Trucks, Hazard Communication, Cranes and Rigging, Electrical and Battery Safety, Lockout/Tagout, Emergency Action Plan, etc.
* Support Job Hazard Analyses (JHA) for production and engineering processes.
* Inventory, order, coordinate delivery, and stock safety supplies and equipment.
* Develop and install safety signage/stickers.
* Support EHS Specialists in safety meetings, presentations, trainings, committees, shift stand ups, promotion of Human and Organizational Performance, and GEMBA walk throughs.
* Provide EHS production lineside support with an active floor presence, proactive process improvement, and maintain strong production team relationships.
* Respond to EHS events and collect preliminary details, contacts, documents, and photos to help EHS Specialists with event learning analysis and actionable improvements.
* Able to rapidly respond to employee health or safety emergencies and activate emergency procedures.
* Review and observe manufacturing work practices to identify EHS program hazards or requirements.
* Submit, track, and manage EHS continuous improvement suggestions.
* Address, document, and support safety concerns on the floor and in writing.
* Deliver basic training sessions and EHS communications.
* Conduct daily, weekly, monthly EHS equipment and facility inspections and input data into EHS databases.
* Organize, file, and maintain EHS documentation (e.g., training records, meeting minutes, regulatory documents, event reports).
* Support EHS team initiatives and responsibilities including regulatory reports, inspections, or information requests; internal audits; emergency drills; management system improvements; and program development and assessments.

# **Qualifications:**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate or associates degree.
* 3+ years of experience in a trade, boat, aerospace, or general manufacturing or industrial environments.

**Preferred Skills and Experience:**

* 3+ years of experience in EHS in a manufacturing or industrial environment.
* Associate or bachelor’s degree in occupational health and safety, environmental science, public health, or a related field.
* Professional certification (e.g., ASP) or certificates ([e.g.OSHA](http://e.g.OSHA) 10, OSHA 30).
* Comprehension and implementation of policies and procedures.
* Ability to conduct hands-on work with strong attention to detail in hazardous waste management, emergency response, and/or exposure monitoring.
* Strong customer service, communication, and organizational skills, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders.
* 2+ years conducting training and education programs for diverse audiences.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and software applications for data management and reporting.
* Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities and deadlines effectively.
* General understanding of federal, state, and local EHS regulations, including OSHA, EPA/TCEQ and DOT requirements.

**Additional Requirements:**

* Position occasionally requires the ability to work overtime and weekends when needed.
* Ability to lift 35 lbs unassisted.

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
