---
title: Material Handler
status: active
id: a79b42a0-5854-4f08-bb15-05b962ee77f9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/a79b42a0-5854-4f08-bb15-05b962ee77f9
lastmod: '2026-04-21T20:02:08.527+00:00'
date: '2026-04-21T20:02:08.527+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Mission Services
- Mission Support
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented Material Handler to join our dynamic team. As a Material Handler, you will play a crucial role in ensuring the efficient flow of materials and components necessary for the production of autonomous surface vessels for the DoD. You will work closely with various departments to coordinate the receipt, storage, and distribution of materials while maintaining accurate inventory records.

# **Responsibilities**

* Receive incoming shipments of materials and components, verifying accuracy against purchase orders and packing slips.
* Organize and store materials in designated storage areas, ensuring proper handling and adherence to safety protocols.
* Maintain accurate inventory records using electronic inventory management systems.
* Prepare and package materials for outbound shipments, ensuring proper documentation and labeling.
* Coordinate with procurement and production teams to fulfill material requisition requests in a timely manner.
* Monitor inventory levels and anticipate material shortages or overages, communicating with relevant stakeholders to adjust orders as needed.
* Conduct regular inventory audits to reconcile discrepancies and ensure inventory accuracy.
* Assist in the implementation of lean manufacturing principles to optimize material flow and minimize waste.
* Collaborate with logistics partners to coordinate the transportation of materials between suppliers, subcontractors, and production facilities.
* Adhere to all company policies and procedures, including safety regulations and compliance requirements.

# **Qualifications**

* High school diploma or equivalent; additional education or certification in logistics or supply chain management is a plus.
* Proven experience as a material handler or similar role in a manufacturing or warehouse environment.
* Familiarity with inventory management systems and software; experience with ERP systems is preferred.
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail, with the ability to multitask and prioritize tasks effectively.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Ability to work independently with minimal supervision in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
* Basic knowledge of safety protocols and regulations related to the handling and storage of hazardous materials.
* Flexibility to work occasional overtime or weekends as needed to meet project deadlines.

# **Physical Demands**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 50lbs.
* The ability to carry 50lbs. up and down stairs
* Ability to work outside for an extended period of time
* Frequently and repetitively, bend, lift and reach to install vehicle parts of varying size and weight overhead, accurately and in allotted timeframes
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 12 hours/day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time, including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to find issues in a work process and be alert to safety signals using sight, touch, and hearing

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
