---
title: Recruiter
status: active
id: ad3c297a-af26-4a74-9c61-45bea0809f74
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/ad3c297a-af26-4a74-9c61-45bea0809f74
lastmod: '2026-06-12T14:23:23.305+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T14:23:23.305+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- People
- 'Recruiting '
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job overview**

Saronic is seeking a skilled Recruiter to help us identify, attract and assess top talent for positions at Saronic. This role requires a strategic partner with a understanding and experience with technical and high-volume recruiting. The ideal candidate will possess experience recruiting in the manufacturing industry.

# Responsibilities

* Build and maintain strong relationships with Hiring Managers and partner with teams on everything from writing job descriptions to sourcing and closing candidates.

* Work effectively with internal clients to ensure the selection process results in quality hires.

* Create and maintain a high volume of active and in-process candidates while developing creative talent attractions strategies resulting in increased quality of candidates and hiring goal attainment.

* Ensure candidates have a positive interview experience from the screening process through offer negotiation.

* Actively assesses the interview process and finds ways to streamline processes

# Qualifications

* 2+ years of in-house or agency full-lifecycle recruiting experience, preferably in a manufacturing environment.

* Bachelor's degree and/or equivalent experience.

* Thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous and team-oriented environment.

* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to work in a high-volume environment.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
