---
title: People Project Manager
status: active
id: b331c231-6e91-4046-a388-a61ddd2f3301
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/b331c231-6e91-4046-a388-a61ddd2f3301
lastmod: '2026-06-02T21:55:38.967+00:00'
date: '2026-06-02T21:55:38.967+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented Project Manager to help coordinate the large scale projects both within the People organization which includes People, Comp, Talent, Workplace, EHS and Security and with other teams across the company. In this role, your primary responsibility will be to keep schedules on track, improving and automating workflows and ensure tasks are properly resourced and tracked.

# **Responsibilities**

* Project Planning & Execution: Assist in defining project scope, goals, and deliverables. Develop and maintain project schedules, timelines, and milestones.
* Team Coordination: Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, and operations, to ensure successful project delivery.
* Resource Management: Support in managing project resources, including personnel, equipment, and materials.
* Risk Management: Identify potential risks, track project issues, and implement mitigation strategies in coordination with senior project managers.
* Budget Tracking: Assist in monitoring project budgets, tracking expenditures, and reporting on financial performance.
* Reporting & Documentation: Prepare regular project status reports for senior management and stakeholders. Maintain project documentation and ensure compliance with internal processes.
* Stakeholder Communication: Coordinate communication between internal teams, clients, and external vendors to ensure project alignment and expectations.
* Quality Assurance: Ensure that project deliverables meet quality standards and that any issues are resolved promptly.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Project Management, or a related field.
* 3-7 years of project management experience.
* Strong understanding of project management methodologies and tools (e.g., Gantt charts, scheduling software).
* Strong organizational and multitasking abilities to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
* Familiarity with project management software such as MS Project, Jira, or similar tools.
* Experience working in cross-functional teams is a plus.
* PMP or CAPM certification is a plus but not required.

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
