---
title: Product Manager
status: active
id: b774434d-16d8-4b08-bb61-254b6ee71634
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/b774434d-16d8-4b08-bb61-254b6ee71634
lastmod: '2025-12-01T15:46:34.809+00:00'
date: '2025-12-01T15:46:34.809+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Product
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We're seeking a Product Manager to drive the strategy, development, and delivery of cutting-edge autonomous maritime products. Your expertise in software and hardware engineering, maritime technologies, and product fundamentals will be leveraged to meet the rigorous requirements of defense and commercial applications.

# **Responsibilities**

* **Product Strategy:** Develop and execute a comprehensive product strategy that is aligned to Saronic's vision and considerate of defense and commercial requirements. Analyze operational needs, market trends, competition, and user feedback to identify opportunities and drive product differentiation.
* **Product Development:** Oversee the product development lifecycle, from concept to launch to scaled production, ensuring that Saronic solutions meet high standards for autonomy, security, reliability, and performance. Facilitate thorough testing and validation to verify product functionality and compliance with regulatory standards.
* **Roadmap Planning:** Create and maintain a detailed product roadmap, outlining product refresh cycles, feature enhancements, and timelines for product development. Triage and prioritize programmatic obligations, market demands, and internal R&D objectives.
* **Stakeholder Engagement:** Collaborate closely with DoW and commercial maritime stakeholders, including program managers, engineers, and end-users. Understand their needs, gather requirements, and ensure that product development aligns with strategic objectives.
* **Customer Engagement:** Engage with customers regularly to gather feedback, solicit input, and build strong relationships. Act as a point of contact for customer inquiries, providing timely updates and resolving issues to maintain customer satisfaction.
* **Cross-functional Leadership:** Coordinate across Engineering, Production, Growth, Programs, and other functions to deliver high-quality solutions on schedule and within budget. Foster a collaborative and innovative team culture focused on rapid iteration and reliable delivery.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business, or a related field
* Shrewd judgement and a keen sense for what differentiates good products from bad
* Diplomatic disposition with a proven track record of cross-functional collaboration
* Strong technical background with knowledge of autonomous systems and/or constituent technologies (sensors and perception, radios and networking, structures and mechanical design, board design and electrical architectures, etc)
* Mature written and verbal communication skills, with comfort and experience creating presentations, writing memos, and briefing senior personnel
* Experience in product management, preferably in the defense or maritime industry, focusing on autonomous systems
* Familiarity with DoW procurement processes, regulations, and compliance requirements

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting and computer work.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate computers and office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens and documents.
* Occasional reaching or lifting up to 20 pounds (e.g., equipment or supplies).

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
