---
title: Senior Engineering Project Manager
status: active
id: be3ad861-46bb-4159-9584-6220f0b67278
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/be3ad861-46bb-4159-9584-6220f0b67278
lastmod: '2025-11-19T19:51:55.513+00:00'
date: '2025-11-19T19:51:55.513+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented **Senior** **Engineering Project Manager** to help coordinate the development of our autonomous surface vessels (ASVs) for Department of Defense programs. In this role, your primary responsibility will be to keep engineering schedules on track, ensure tasks are properly resourced and tracked, and support clear communication across technical and leadership teams.

# **Responsibilities**

* **Project Planning & Execution:** Assist in defining project scope, goals, and deliverables. Develop and maintain project schedules, timelines, and milestones.
* **Team Coordination:** Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, and operations, to ensure successful project delivery.
* **Resource Management:** Support in managing project resources, including personnel, equipment, and materials.
* **Risk Management:** Identify potential risks, track project issues, and implement mitigation strategies in coordination with senior project managers.
* **Budget Tracking:** Assist in monitoring project budgets, tracking expenditures, and reporting on financial performance.
* **Reporting & Documentation:** Prepare regular project status reports for senior management and stakeholders. Maintain project documentation and ensure compliance with internal processes.
* **Stakeholder Communication:** Coordinate communication between internal teams, clients, and external vendors to ensure project alignment and expectations.
* **Quality Assurance:** Ensure that project deliverables meet quality standards and that any issues are resolved promptly.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Project Management, or a related field.
* 3+ years of project management experience in an engineering or technical environment.
* Basic understanding of project management methodologies and tools (e.g., Gantt charts, scheduling software).
* Strong organizational and multitasking abilities to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
* Familiarity with project management software such as MS Project, Jira, or similar tools.
* Experience working in cross-functional teams is a plus.
* PMP or CAPM certification is a plus but not required.

# 

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 99% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
