---
title: R&D Test Engineer
status: active
id: be966934-3fb6-4688-96c4-257a26470569
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/be966934-3fb6-4688-96c4-257a26470569
lastmod: '2026-03-19T17:40:46.330+00:00'
date: '2026-03-19T17:40:46.330+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
- Test Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Summary**

We are seeking a skilled Test Engineer to join our team. This engineer’s responsibilities include improving existing multi-disciplinary systems related to developing new autonomous vehicle concepts and prototypes. They will participate in technical activities including engineering, designing, and testing of mechanical, electrical, electronic, and software driven systems in the process of developing various autonomous vehicle systems. The ideal candidate must be able to draw on a wide range of engineering principles and work within demanding timeframes and develop original, practical solutions to technical and logistical problems.

**Responsibilities**

* Understanding the technical requirements, problems, or client briefs and developing solutions that satisfy the requirements.
* Engage in engineering, designing, prototype development, and enhancing electro-mechanical systems and software for autonomous vehicles and related devices and subsystems.
* Apply fundamental engineering principles, best practices, and analysis in areas including mechanical, electrical, electronics, and software.
* Conducting research, documenting findings, and presenting reports.
* Develop design documents for parts, sub-systems, and final integrated systems.
* Selecting the required tools and materials for the manufacturing, assembly, and maintenance process.
* Integration of electro-mechanical systems and software into a fully integrated system.
* Proof of concept, functionality, and reliability testing of components, sub-systems, and fully integrated systems.
* Participate and lead testing efforts in the laboratory and in the field which includes on marine environments.
* Identify trends in runtime and failures of ASV components, subsystems, and system through continual analysis of expansive datasets.
* Identifying areas of weakness in the systems and processes and making recommendations for improvement.
* Responsibilities culminate in creating ASV platforms and the software to interface with them.

**Qualifications**

* BS in mechatronics engineering, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, physics, robotics, or similar.
* 3+ years of experience.
* Strong understanding and skills in engineering fundamentals, best practices, and analysis methods including analytical first principles, numerical methods, and simulation modeling
* Field experience operating, maintaining, diagnosing, testing, and repairing electro-mechanical systems.
* CAD modeling parts and assemblies.
* Finite element analysis (FEA) including static, dynamic, and modal on various electro-mechanical structures and systems
* Ability to work in collaborative or independent environments
* Autonomous vehicle experience or Marine systems experience including surface, subsurface, and deep sea experience preferred
* Maritime operations including offshore support preferred
* Generating drawings, schematics, bill of materials, and work instructions for manufacturing and assembly
* Software skills including Linux, Python, C/C++

**Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

**Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic.sharepoint.us/:x:/r/sites/People/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B254536d0-6a1f-4dbf-baab-6b1fe975642e%7D&action=edit&activeCell=%27Sheet1%27!B11&wdinitialsession=efc39436-afab-3397-338d-0726117eb272&wdrldsc=8&wdrldc=1&wdrldr=AccessTokenExpiredWarningUnauthenticated%2CRefreshin)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
