---
title: Mission Operations Specialist (Program)
status: active
id: d01d4903-eef6-45f6-83b8-06b40abae2d5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/d01d4903-eef6-45f6-83b8-06b40abae2d5
lastmod: '2026-05-28T17:15:47.827+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T17:15:47.827+00:00'
location: San Diego, CA
departments:
- Mission Operations
- Mission Services
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# Job Summary

The Mission Operations Specialist role is responsible for coordinating and delivering work quality, output, basic budgeting, progress, and overall adherence to deadlines of the Mission Operations team. You will work closely with team members, stakeholders, and other departments to ensure successful delivery of assigned project and program objectives to meet organizational goals.

You are able to meet deadlines and achieve desired outcomes as both an individual contributor and as a part of your team.

Projects are defined as work that ends with the delivery of an expected outcome or end date. E.g. payload integration and demonstration of function.

Programs are defined as longer, less terminal workstreams such as ongoing product improvement and development roadmaps. E.g. supporting the ongoing development and testing of a vessel such as Corsair.

# **Responsibilities**

**How you support the team:**

* You help drive one or more projects or product supporting programs toward a goal. E.g. ongoing R&D for Corsair
* Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to define goals, objectives, and deliverables.
* Monitor the progress of projects, identifying potential issues or bottlenecks, and implement corrective measures as needed.
* Foster a collaborative and positive team environment, promoting open communication, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement.
* Provide guidance and support to team members, including technical expertise, problem-solving assistance, and career development coaching.

**How you support the mission:**

* Planning: Work between internal and external stakeholders such as DoD customers, facilitating communication, managing expectations, and ensuring mission or program requirements are met. You will support the team through development of comprehensive mission plans, considering factors such as route optimization, environmental conditions, and risk mitigation to achieve desired outcomes.
* ASV Operations and Monitoring: Operate ASV operations during missions, monitoring vessel performance, sensor data, and mission progress in real time. Troubleshoot technical issues and implement contingency plans to ensure mission continuity. Maintain situational awareness of maritime environments and adjust mission parameters as needed
* Data Analysis and Reporting: Collect, analyze, and interpret data acquired during ASV missions to derive actionable insights. Generate comprehensive mission reports detailing key findings, observations, and recommendations. Provide feedback to the engineering and development teams for continuous improvement of ASV capabilities.
* Training and Support: Conduct training sessions for DoD personnel on ASV operation, mission planning, and maintenance procedures. Provide ongoing support and assistance to end-users, addressing inquiries and resolving operational challenges effectively
* Compliance and Safety: Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, DoD policies, and industry standards related to ASV operations. Implement safety protocols and procedures to mitigate operational risks and ensure personnel safety

# **Role Requirements**

* Demonstrated success in project coordination and leadership in current role.
* Strong organizational and time management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and senior management.
* Demonstrated problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
* Strong leadership qualities, including the ability to motivate and inspire team members.
* Job requires up to 80% travel.
* Able to certify as “fit for work” by demonstrating ability to swim and tread water, lift up to 75 lbs., and spend extended time periods on the water.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in business, engineering, maritime studies, or equivalent experience in a related field is preferred
* Experience in maritime operations, particularly with autonomous or unmanned systems is a plus
* Proficiency in mission planning software, GIS tools, and maritime navigation systems
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make quick decisions under pressure
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across cross-functional teams
* Prior SOF experience working with the DoD or other government agencies is a plus

# **Physical Demands**

* Ability to certify as “fit for work” by demonstrating ability to swim and tread water
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 75 lbs.
* Will be exposed to marine environments, including sun, wind, rain, cold, and saltwater spray, often for extended periods
* Must be able to operate in daylight, low-light, and night conditions using marine navigation systems and visual cues
* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods of time, up to 12 hours/day
* The ability to carry 20 lbs. up and down stairs

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
