---
title: Brand Designer
status: active
id: d84dd392-bfce-43dc-bf57-17a2883be8bd
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/d84dd392-bfce-43dc-bf57-17a2883be8bd
lastmod: '2025-10-03T17:23:17.038+00:00'
date: '2025-10-03T17:23:17.038+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Marketing
- Design
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Description:**

Saronic is seeking a Brand Designer to join our growing design team. In this role, you’ll play a key part in shaping and evolving our brand identity. You’ll help define and uphold design standards across the organization, rapidly generating ideas and crafting creative visual solutions.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* **Design Development:** Create a range of visual assets across multiple touchpoints, including (but not limited to) branding elements, web and social media graphics, iconography, marketing and trade show materials, diagrams, manuals, infographics, and print layouts.
* **Brand Identity:** Assist in the development and maintenance of our brand guidelines, ensuring consistency across all visual touchpoints.
* **Marketing Support:** Produce brand and product marketing collateral for campaigns, events, and presentations that effectively communicate our technology and mission.
* **Feedback and Revisions:** Gather and incorporate feedback from team members and stakeholders to refine and enhance designs.

**Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design, Visual Communications, or a related field.
* 4+ years of professional graphic design experience, preferably in a tech or engineering-focused environment.
* Proficiency in design software (Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, Figma, etc.).
* Strong portfolio showcasing a range of design projects, including digital and print materials.
* Ability to simplify complex information into clear, engaging visuals.
* Excellent communication skills and a collaborative mindset.
* Familiarity with design trends and best practices in the tech and defense industries is a plus.

**Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

**Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
