---
title: Manufacturing Engineer
status: active
id: da72b14c-4473-4df0-ba3f-08afd772a6ea
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/da72b14c-4473-4df0-ba3f-08afd772a6ea
lastmod: '2026-02-09T23:28:04.450+00:00'
date: '2026-02-09T23:28:04.450+00:00'
location: Franklin, LA
departments:
- Production
- Manufacturing Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Summary**

* The Manufacturing Engineer is essential in ensuring robust manufacturing processes and facilitating the scaling of manufacturing processes and equipment. This role is responsible for integrating new and advanced manufacturing equipment seamlessly into the shipyard’s capabilities, supporting the transition from low-rate to high-volume production, and spearheading the adoption of new automated manufacturing assets and software enhancements.
* Will be required to work aloft (on scaffold or on manlifts) and in confined spaces.
* On site training is provided.

**Technical Knowledge**

* Ability to operate or learn how to operate manufacturing equipment.
* Ability to train others on how to use manufacturing equipment.
* Understands manufacturing equipment maintenance requirements and develops a maintenance plan in conjunction with production engineering team.
* Can identify emerging needs on the manufacturing floor.
* Can identify weak/strong spots in manufacturing equipment and personnel and work with production engineering team to increase efficiency.
* Ensure strict adherence to paperwork and requirements for quality and compliance
* Can work directly with software engineering team on buildout of shipyard/production management system
* Read, interpret, and follow blueprints and sketches to understand the specifications of a project

**Job Proficiency**

* Executes repair of manufacturing equipment.
* Assist in work prioritization and triage during peak production periods to maintain workflow efficiency.
* Support the shipyard’s transition from low-rate to high-volume production, identifying and implementing necessary changes in processes and infrastructure.
* Onboard new automated manufacturing assets, collaborating with software and production engineering to drive improvements in software products that support production processes.
* Create manufacturing processes in unstructured areas of our operational system.
* Assist in work prioritization and triage during peak production periods to maintain workflow efficiency

**Culture and Collaboration**

* Follow all shipyard safety policies, including proper use of PPE, fire prevention, and confined space protocols
* Assist in the training and development of other manufacturing engineers, as well as production engineers
* Collaborate and communicate with welders, metal fitters, pipefitters, electricians, and other trades as required to complete vessel construction or repair and to maintain efficient work flows
* Work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced ship production environment
* Maintain a clean and safe work area
* Maintain a positive attitude toward customers and represent Saronic professionally
* Make a personal commitment and be accountable for HSE results, driving toward the achievement of defined goals

**Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic.sharepoint.us/:x:/r/sites/People/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B254536d0-6a1f-4dbf-baab-6b1fe975642e%7D&action=edit&activeCell=%27Sheet1%27!B11&wdinitialsession=efc39436-afab-3397-338d-0726117eb272&wdrldsc=8&wdrldc=1&wdrldr=AccessTokenExpiredWarningUnauthenticated%2CRefreshin)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
