---
title: Structures Analyst
status: active
id: e055ba49-7764-4c50-978f-009f6e6496a3
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/e055ba49-7764-4c50-978f-009f6e6496a3
lastmod: '2025-12-16T14:43:20.262+00:00'
date: '2025-12-16T14:43:20.262+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Engineering
- Mechanical Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a Structures Analyst to join our innovative team. The successful candidate will lead the structural analysis and design efforts for our advanced maritime technologies, ensuring the integrity and reliability of our autonomous surface vessels (ASVs).

# **Responsibilities**

* Lead structural analysis and simulation efforts to assess and optimize the performance and reliability of ASV structures under various operating conditions and loads.
* Conduct hand calculations based on engineering first principles with respect to design requirements.
* Provide technical expertise towards finite element modeling and analysis (FEM/FEA) as well as meshing, post processing, and computation methods.
* Collaborate with hardware, product development, and production to optimize designs based on understood and discovered load cases.
* Collaborate closely with design and engineering teams to integrate structural considerations into the overall design process, from initial concept development to final implementation.
* Conduct detailed analysis of stress, strain, and deformation to identify potential failure modes and areas for design improvement, ensuring compliance with industry standards and regulations.
* Write and conduct testing and validation efforts to verify structural performance of designs; interpret test results and provide recommendations for design modifications.
* Generate comprehensive technical reports and documentation to communicate analysis findings, recommendations, and design rationale to internal teams and stakeholders.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree or greater in Mechanical Engineering, Structural Engineeringor a related field
* 2+ years experience in structural analysis and simulation, using both stress hand calculations and finite element analysis (FEA) software such as Femap (preferred) or ANSYS.
* Strong understanding of structural mechanics, materials science, and fatigue analysis, with experience applying these concepts to real-world engineering problems.
* Demonstrated ability to lead and mentor junior engineers, providing technical guidance and expertise in structural analysis methodologies and best practices.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and a track record of innovative thinking to address challenging engineering issues.
* Effective communication skills with the ability to convey complex technical concepts clearly and concisely to diverse audiences.
* Ability to travel as needed.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
