---
title: Business Development Manager
status: active
id: ebf0322c-d4b5-4c7d-b4b7-b498ba1ae8a1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/ebf0322c-d4b5-4c7d-b4b7-b498ba1ae8a1
lastmod: '2026-03-21T20:01:54.843+00:00'
date: '2026-03-21T20:01:54.843+00:00'
location: Sydney, Australia
departments:
- Business Development
- International - BD
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We seek creative and generative team members to grow the business development team in Australia. We are looking for people that are based in Sydney or Canberra.

We want those who can drive our growth by identifying new opportunities, building and maintaining strong customer partnerships, driving opportunities through the sales cycle to award, implementing winning internal business processes, and expanding our footprint in Australia.

You will be a key part of a rapidly growing team. In the wake of our success in the United States, this is an opportunity to build an organisation from first principles to leave a lasting impact in Australia and the Indo-Pacific region.

# **Responsibilities**

* **Lead Generation:** Identify and engage key government stakeholders to boost awareness and demand for our ASVs. Develop and execute lead generation strategies to secure new business.
* **Pipeline Development:** Support the Business Development team by enhancing our sales pipeline, tracking opportunities, and ensuring timely follow-ups. Create compelling promotional materials tailored to the defence and maritime sectors.
* **Relationship Building:** Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with new and existing customers, partners, and industry stakeholders. Represent Saronic at industry events, building a robust network and identifying business opportunities.
* **Proposal Development & Negotiation:** Collaborate with internal teams to craft tailored proposals and presentations. Lead contract negotiations that align with our strategic goals and industry standards.
* **Market Research:** Conduct in-depth market research to identify potential clients, assess competitors, and stay ahead of emerging trends in the autonomous surface vessel industry. Use these insights to guide strategic decisions.
* **Process Implementation:** Use your skills and experience to shape the company's business processes as we continue to scale.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in, Business, Economics, Political Science, Engineering, or related field.
* Proven experience in business development, sales, or a related role within defence, maritime, or technology sectors.
* Demonstrated mastery of the full sales cycle for the Australian Government: Business validation/ qualification, capture, proposal creation and management, and contract negotiation.
* Must be able to obtain and hold an Australian Government Security Clearance - NV1 or above
* Strong knowledge of defence acquisition processes, autonomous systems, and maritime technology.
* Deep understanding of applicable Commonwealth and/or State & Territory regulations and compliance.
* Excellent written and oral communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.
* Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced startup environment.
* Willingness to travel as needed to meet business objectives, including throughout the Indo-Pacific region and to our headquarters in Austin, Texas.

# **Benefits**

* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive private health insurance
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
