---
title: Mission Operations Specialist, Training
status: active
id: f335aa44-045b-4f0e-a210-4e191b47df6d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/f335aa44-045b-4f0e-a210-4e191b47df6d
lastmod: '2026-05-12T16:20:58.685+00:00'
date: '2026-05-12T16:20:58.685+00:00'
location: Virginia Beach, VA
departments:
- Mission Services
- Mission Training
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Summary**

Saronic is seeking a Mission Operations Trainer to design, develop, and deliver advanced training programs in support of our autonomous systems mission sets. This role blends curriculum development, operational training, and performance assessment to ensure mission readiness across internal teams, contracted customers, and DoD partners.

You will be responsible for both creating and executing hands-on training initiatives that encompass mission planning, ASV (Autonomous Surface Vessel) operations, data analysis, and system maintenance procedures. This role also requires contributing to team readiness, developing continued professional development programs within the department, driving performance standards, and ensuring all mission operations personnel are prepared to operate all Saronic owned and operated ASVs.

**Responsibilities**

* **Training & Curriculum Development**
* Develop comprehensive training programs focused on ASV operations, mission planning, environmental risk mitigation, and maintenance.
* Deliver both classroom-based and on the water instruction to DoD partners and internal teams.
* Establish and maintain training standards, including learning objectives, assessments, and certifications.
* Conduct training needs analysis to ensure mission-critical skill gaps are addressed.

* **Training Assessments & Standard Operating Procedures**
* Support or lead assessment to ensure all curriculum and training programs are up to standard and inline with the most up to date organizational procedures
* Contribute to the design and administration of all Standard Operating Procedures for all Saronic ASVs.
* Partner with leadership to develop progression models and readiness benchmarks.

* **Operational Mission Support and Development**
* Assist in the planning and execution of real-world ASV missions, ensuring training programs mirror operational realities.
* Monitor mission execution and gather data for performance debriefs and improvement cycles.
* Maintain situational awareness of evolving maritime environments and ensure training reflects current challenges and technologies.
* Assist and lead the development of new Standard Operating Procedures for Operational Readiness of ASV Operators within the department.

* **Stakeholder Collaboration**
* Coordinate with internal engineering teams, program leads, and DoD liaisons to align training content with evolving system capabilities.
* Provide post-training evaluations and feedback to stakeholders and development teams for continuous improvement.

**Role Requirements**

* Demonstrated success in project coordination and leadership in current role.
* Strong organizational and time management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and senior management.
* Demonstrated problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
* Strong leadership qualities, including the ability to motivate and inspire team members.
* Job requires up to 50% travel.

**Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in business, engineering, maritime studies, or equivalent experience in a related field is preferred
* Experience in maritime operations, particularly with autonomous or unmanned systems is a plus
* Proficiency in mission planning software, GIS tools, and maritime navigation systems
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make quick decisions under pressure
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across cross-functional teams
* Prior SOF experience working with the DoD or other government agencies is a plus
* Proven experience in curriculum development and instructional delivery in technical or operational environments.
* Background in assessment/selection (e.g., military training pipelines, SOF assessments, instructional design for performance evaluation preferred).

**Physical Demands**

* Ability to certify as “fit for work” by demonstrating ability to swim and tread water
* Frequently and repetitively, lift, push and carry up to 50 lbs.
* Will be exposed to marine environments, including sun, wind, rain, cold, and saltwater spray, often for extended periods
* Must be able to operate in daylight, low-light, and night conditions using marine navigation systems and visual cues
* Ability to perform physically demanding work i.e. stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist and crawl for extended periods of time including up to 12 hours/day
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, or other high structures
* Ability to stand and walk for up to 10 hours a day, including over varied and uneven terrain
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, scaffolding or other high structures
* Ability to work in a hot and humid environment and follow safe practices to stay hydrated
* Hearing ability sufficient to detect alarms, verbal instructions, and workplace hazards in a high-noise environment.
* Must be able to work in a shipyard environment, including indoor fabrication shops, onboard vessels under construction, and outdoor areas exposed to changing weather conditions.
* Wear Personal Protective Equipment, including but not limited to: safety glasses, safety shoes, hard hat and adhering to prescribed safety rules and guidelines

**Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic.sharepoint.us/:x:/r/sites/People/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B254536d0-6a1f-4dbf-baab-6b1fe975642e%7D&action=edit&activeCell=%27Sheet1%27!B11&wdinitialsession=efc39436-afab-3397-338d-0726117eb272&wdrldsc=8&wdrldc=1&wdrldr=AccessTokenExpiredWarningUnauthenticated%2CRefreshin)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
