---
title: Diesel Technician
status: active
id: f5e6aecd-7ff9-4537-850e-764979ad4408
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/f5e6aecd-7ff9-4537-850e-764979ad4408
lastmod: '2026-07-01T20:06:14.494+00:00'
date: '2026-07-01T20:06:14.494+00:00'
location: Portsmouth, UK
departments:
- International - Mission Support
- Mission Services
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are currently seeking a skilled Diesel Technician to join our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for maintaining, repairing, and troubleshooting diesel engines and related systems on our autonomous surface vessels (ASVs) to ensure optimal performance and reliability.

# **Responsibilities**

* Perform routine maintenance tasks on diesel engines, including oil changes, filter replacements, and fluid checks, to ensure proper functioning and longevity.
* Diagnose and repair diesel engine malfunctions, mechanical issues, and electrical faults using diagnostic tools, technical manuals, and troubleshooting techniques.
* Inspect and test diesel engine components, systems, and subsystems to identify and address potential problems or areas of concern.
* Overhaul and rebuild diesel engines and associated systems, including fuel injection systems, turbochargers, and exhaust systems, as needed to restore performance and efficiency.
* Maintain accurate records of maintenance and repair activities, including parts used, labour hours, and service performed, to track equipment history and ensure compliance with maintenance schedules and regulatory requirements.
* Follow safety protocols and procedures for working with diesel engines and related equipment, including proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials and fluids.
* Collaborate with other maintenance technicians, engineers, and operators to troubleshoot complex problems, share technical knowledge, and implement effective solutions.

# **Qualifications**

* Marine Diesel and/or Volvo VODIA experience required
* GCSEs (or equivalent) are required. A recognised vocational qualification or apprenticeship in diesel mechanics, marine engineering, or a related discipline is preferred.
* Proven experience as a diesel technician or a diesel mechanic, with demonstrated proficiency in diagnosing, repairing, and maintaining diesel engines and related systems.
* Strong mechanical aptitude and technical skills, with the ability to read and interpret technical manuals, diagrams, and schematics.
* Familiarity with diagnostic tools and equipment used in diesel engine repair, such as scan tools, multimeters, and oscilloscopes.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot complex mechanical and electrical issues.
* Effective communication skills and the ability to work independently or as part of a team.
* Willingness to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with changing priorities and deadlines.
* Ability to travel as needed to meet business objectives, including throughout the Indo-Pacific region and to our headquarters in Austin, Texas. This role will require spending 30+ days training at Saronic headquarters in Austin, Texas.

# **Physical Demands**

* Ability to perform physically demanding work for extended periods.
* Frequently and repetitively lift, push, and carry up to 23 kg's.
* Ability to work outdoors for extended periods in marine and waterside environments.
* Frequently and repetitively bend, lift, and reach to install and remove components of varying size and weight.
* Ability to stand and walk for extended periods, including over varied and uneven terrain such as docks, vessel decks, and gravel surfaces.
* Stoop, lay, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist, and crawl for extended periods while working in confined or low-clearance spaces.
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders, platforms, vessels, and other elevated structures.
* Exposure to loud noise, vibration, engine exhaust, and hazardous materials with required adherence to safety and disposal procedures.
* Wear Personal Protective Equipment at all times in work areas, including safety glasses, gloves, hearing protection, steel-toed footwear, and other PPE as required.

# **Benefits**

* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive private health insurance
* **Time Off:** Generous annual leave entitlement, plus public holidays.
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

*This role requires the legal right to work in the United Kingdom. Employment may also be subject to applicable security, export control, and government contracting requirements.*

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
