---
title: Program Analyst - Autonomous Surface Vessels
status: active
id: fa2375df-1362-4741-93a8-95259b3d97e1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/fa2375df-1362-4741-93a8-95259b3d97e1
lastmod: '2026-06-08T20:09:59.027+00:00'
date: '2026-06-08T20:09:59.027+00:00'
location: San Diego, CA
departments:
- Business Development
- Programs
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

Join our innovative Autonomous Surface Vessel (ASV) program as a Program Analyst, where you will provide critical support to ensure program success through synthesizing technical and qualitative customer objectives/milestones/deliverables into strategic roadmaps and taskings across Saronic teams. This role focuses on program management, project management, and customer engagement by embedding in one of Saronic’s commercial or government programs. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to drive program execution, optimize processes, and mitigate risks in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

# **Responsibilities**

* **Project Management:** Take initiative through both short and long term projects that implement customer deliverables, establishing/revamping team processes, and enterprise-wide program strategy.
* **Customer-Facing Program Support:** Act as a trusted point of contact for customer POCs, supporting program managers in planning, tracking, and communicating milestones, deliverables, and solutions.
* **Program Monitoring and Analysis:** Track and evaluate program performance metrics, including cost, schedule, and quality, to ensure alignment with objectives and deliverables.
* **Data Synthesis and Reporting**: Compile and analyze program data, generating reports, dashboards, and presentations to inform decision-making for program leadership and stakeholders.
* **Risk Management:**

  + Identify and assess program risks (technical, qualitative, and process related) while collaborating with teams to develop mitigation strategies.
  + Be high-performing and self-sufficient in identifying, mitigating, and resolving risks to program and overall mission success for Saronic customers.

* **Cross-Functional Collaboration**: Partner with engineering, operations, quality, software, mission operations, and other teams to gather data & evidence, resolve discrepancies, and ensure program alignment.
* **Process Improvement:** Run internal campaigns to implement enhancements to program management processes, tools, and workflows to improve efficiency and accuracy.
* **Compliance and Standards:** Ensure program activities meet contractual requirements, industry regulations, and organizational policies.
* **Support Strategic Planning:** Assist in developing program plans, schedules, and resource forecasts, integrating inputs into the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS).
* **Ad Hoc Support:** Provide analytical support for special projects, new programs, and other duties as needed to support the mission.

# **Qualifications**

**Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in a relevant field, or equivalent practical experience.

* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a keen attention to detail.

* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to engage diverse, high-level stakeholders.

* Ability to learn fast and operate in a high-stakes, high-trust environment within a rapidly growing organization.

* Active U.S. security clearance (or ability to obtain one)

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Background in Autonomous Surface Vessel (ASV) or another related cutting-edge defense technology (hardware or software).

* General understanding of engineering facets, such as schematics, software development, Computer-Aided Design, wiring diagrams, and system-level architecture.

* Direct experience with Department of Defense (DoD) program management practices and reporting standards.

* Certification in Project Management (e.g., PMP) or Risk Management (e.g., PMI-RMP).

* Experience in maritime, defense, or autonomous systems programs.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
