---
title: Mission Operations Mate, MUSV
status: active
id: fa61107a-c799-4767-ab0d-4499e9f00c75
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/fa61107a-c799-4767-ab0d-4499e9f00c75
lastmod: '2026-03-12T04:13:39.394+00:00'
date: '2026-03-12T04:13:39.394+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Mission Services
- Mission Operations
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Summary:**

Saronic is seeking a licensed Deck Officer to assist the operation of our mid-sized autonomous surface vessel, Marauder. In this role, you will stand a navigational watch as part of the safe and efficient navigation of the vessel through a variety of maritime environments, while conducting mission testing and supporting cutting-edge autonomous systems operations.

Your responsibilities will include the safe navigation of the vessel during operational testing. You will contribute to the overall operation of the vessel as directed by the Captain and assist in the vessel’s execution of mission objectives.

The ideal candidate will possess a strong problem-solving and critical-thinking abilities. A steadfast commitment to safety and adherence to maritime regulations is essential for ensuring the highest standards in vessel operations.

# **Responsibilities:**

* Safely navigate the vessel during to and from operation testing sites.
* Standing a navigational watch in addition to autonomous systems
* Contribute to the overall operation as directed by the Captain.
* Assist in the shipboard execution of mission objectives.

# **Required Qualifications:**

* Valid U.S. Coast Guard. Minimum National 500/1600T Mate Upon Oceans. Unlimited Mate’s License desired.
* STCW Basic Training, GMDSS Operator, OICNW, FCC License
* Valid TWIC , USCG STCW Medical Certificate, and passport.
* Proficiency in maritime navigation systems
* Ability to work both independently and as a part of a group
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across cross-functional teams
* Must be able to stand a 12 hour navigational watch
* Must pass background check and USCG/DOT drug testing.
* Security clearance eligibility preferred (for restricted or government-access sites).

# **Desired Qualifications:**

* Bachelor's Degree in Maritime Studies or similar field
* Familiarity / experience with maneuvering characteristics of jet-drive propelled vessels
* Experience with autonomous or unmanned systems is a plus
* Prior experience working with the DoD or other government agencies is a plus

# **Role Requirements:**

* Strong organizational and time management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously.
* Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and senior management.
* Problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
* Strong leadership qualities, including the ability to motivate and inspire team members.
* Job requires up to 50% travel. Projected rotation is 28/28

# **Physical Demands:**

* Ability to certify as fit for duty, including the ability to swim and tread water.
* Frequently lift, push, and carry up to 50 lbs.
* Work in marine environments including sun, wind, rain, cold, and saltwater spray.
* Operate in daylight, low-light, and nighttime conditions using marine navigation systems.
* Perform physically demanding work (stoop, bend, reach, squat, kneel, crouch, twist, crawl).
* Climb and maintain balance on ladders and elevated structures.
* Stand and walk for extended periods on vessel decks and uneven surfaces.
* Work in hot and humid environments while following safe hydration practices.
* Maintain hearing ability sufficient to detect alarms and verbal instructions.
* Wear required personal protective equipment including safety glasses, safety shoes, and hard hats.

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:**Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:**Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:**Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
