---
title: Quality Engineer
status: active
id: ff3875c5-3dcb-4f9f-8614-c69345a857a8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/ff3875c5-3dcb-4f9f-8614-c69345a857a8
lastmod: '2026-04-28T16:19:55.324+00:00'
date: '2026-04-28T16:19:55.324+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Operations
- Quality Engineering
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a detail-oriented and experienced Quality Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will be primarily responsible for ensuring the highest quality standards in support of complex electro-mechanical systems for ASVs. This role requires a strong foundation in design intent, structural integrity, and manufacturing processes, paired with hands-on experience in root cause analysis, in-process disposition, and production support.

The ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced environment, works cross-functionally with engineering and production teams, and drives practical, risk-based quality decisions that enable on-time customer delivery without compromising safety, performance, or compliance.

# **Responsibilities**

* Develop, implement, and maintain quality assurance protocols for manufacturing processes. Serve as the primary quality representative on the production/integration floor
* Identify areas for improvement and recommend solutions to enhance product quality and manufacturing efficiency. Collaborate with the production and cross-functional engineering teams to integrate best practices and new technologies
* Establish clear and repeatable inspection plans for Quality Inspectors to carry out. Provide in-process disposition approval for nonconforming issues. Ensure dispositions align with design intent, drawing requirements, and standards. Partner with technicians and engineers to resolve issues quickly and effectively
* Prepare detailed reports on quality metrics and issues, providing actionable insights and recommendations. Lead and facilitate root cause investigations using structured methods. Review engineering drawings, models, and specifications and support changes through the ECO/DCO process

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Mechanical, Manufacturing, Aerospace, Ocean) or related field
* Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in engineering industry. Experience in aerospace, defense, or maritime applications is highly desirable. Quality experience and familiarity with ISO 9001 and AS9100 standards is a plus

# **Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
