---
title: Mission Operations Engineer, Connected Warfare (Active Clearance)
status: active
id: '4362383007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4362383007?gh_jid=4362383007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T16:45:13-04:00'
date: '2024-04-29T19:24:06-04:00'
location: Honolulu, Hawaii, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support and execute global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, aggregating together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe for battlefield dominance. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for critical commander decision-making, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.  
  
The Mission Operations (MOPs) team is responsible for managing the execution, delivery, growth, and success of our customer accounts. Working across product, engineering, business development and logistics teams, our Mission Operations Engineers own and shape the customer relationships by embedding themselves with their units to develop, plan, and deploy Anduril products in support of their missions. They work side-by-side with customers to understand their specific problem sets and then shape Anduril’s offerings alongside our engineering teams to fit the mission needs. Because the problems we solve are uniquely challenging, our Mission Operations Engineers naturally gravitate toward finding solutions and are adept at identifying and navigating organizational hurdles. They are ultimately responsible for customer and mission success and therefore play a critical role in the shaping and future of Anduril Industries and the Warfighter.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

**Orchestrate the deployment of Anduril products.** Lead the planning and deployment of Anduril’s flagship hardware and software products in support of customer missions. Through collaboration with our engineering, logistics, and technical operations teams, Mission Operators are in charge of deploying our products to the field, training end users, and ensuring the high performance of our products. We are obsessed about engagement and keeping our finger on the pulse of how customers interact with our products. This helps us improve the user experience and evolve their operational tactics and techniques. And if something isn’t quite right, we work with product teams to quickly address the issue on behalf of our customer.  
  
**Grow your business through customer success.** In addition to the operational and executive relationships you own, you will be responsible for meeting commercial targets that drive top line growth. This requires establishing committed and trust-based partnerships with our customers to not only help them solve their immediate problems, but also to foresee future opportunities where Anduril’s technology can make them more effective. Understanding Anduril’s value proposition and articulating how we can have an impact on a customer’s problem set, from the executive level to the end user, is critical to positioning Anduril for the future.  
  
**Shape our products to meet mission needs.** Work side-by-side with our customers to understand their specific mission challenges and represent the customer as you work with Anduril engineers to shape products that solve critical national and international security challenges. Anduril engineers rely on Mission Operators to understand the lay of the land and bring a perspective that informs the product development process.   
  
**Collaborate across nearly every Anduril team.** Successfully deploying our complex hardware and software products requires collaborating with nearly every internal Anduril team - business development, engineering, product, logistics, finance, legal, contracting, technical operations, and many more. You’ll be responsible for ensuring each party is engaged and informed, and will therefore become well-versed in what it takes to really bring the best of Anduril to our customers.

### **WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR**

**Mission First Mindset.** We put the needs of the mission and our customers first and understand that the US and its allies have no preordained right to victory in any future conflict. We actively seek out opportunities to better understand our customers’ mission needs, with a goal to build the best possible products for the warfighter and radically evolve our national and international defense capabilities. We push ourselves and the limits of our capabilities in the pursuit of this goal.  
  
**Ownership Mentality.** We’re looking for owners; those who have a natural bias to assume responsibility, a healthy dose of skepticism, and contribute to a culture of performance. We empower our Mission Operators to quickly assume high levels of responsibility and entrust them to actively own their account and shape its success. Our Mission Operators are just as comfortable helping to shape a proposal or pitch a new customer as they are working with engineers on new features or deploying products in the field.  
  
**Technical Aptitude and Intellectual Curiosity.** We are first and foremost a technology company, working at the leading edge of capabilities like machine learning, autonomy, distributed networking, and multi-modal sensor fusion. Do you have a natural desire to see beyond simple cause and effect relationships to really understand how complex systems operate? Do you actively seek out opportunities to educate yourself? These capabilities form the foundation of our product offerings, so we are looking for those who are comfortable communicating technical concepts and can articulate them in the context of the customer’s mission.  
  
**Structured Thinker and Problem Solver.** Leading technical programs requires clear communication and well thought-out plans. We are looking for assertive communicators who bring a thoughtful perspective and honest dialogue. A solution-driven approach, the ability to distill complexity into its essential, digestible components, and the ability to supervise execution are critical to ensure mission success.  
  
**High Value Team Member.** Do you enjoy working as part of a team? At Anduril, the path to success weaves through the organization - account teams, engineering, logistics, technical operations, and more. It requires humility, an eagerness to learn, and empathy toward your fellow team member. We assume best intentions and empathize with customers just as we do with our colleagues. Can you develop rapport at both the user and executive levels? Do you enjoy sharing successes? We are a low ego group that promotes teamwork and collaboration to bring about success.  
  
**360 Degree Leader.** We are a flat, non-hierarchical organization with a matrix structure that is dynamic and evolving. We expect you to be self-aware enough to recognize your position of unstated leadership within the company. You should have a demonstrated ability to lead and influence people through both formal and informal constructs and in situations where there is lack of clarity across teams. Finally, we need people who identify gaps and breakdowns and solve them immediately, rather than point them out and step back. You should also seek 360 feedback to help inform your growth trajectory as a leader.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Serve in a customer-facing Account Manager capacity, working directly with the United States Army to develop and deploy Anduril integrated hardware-software C2 products to meet customer and operational needs
* Own the delivery of contract deliverables to include developing, and implementing, measures of performance and effectiveness, writing technical reports, and creating user development roadmaps
* Design & implement user feedback loops to gather, triage, and prioritize requirements, feedback, issues, and challenges found through the employment of Anduril C2 products during training, exercises, and normal use within unit schedules
* Serve as a conduit between program and engineering teams to drive the development of product features and configurations that enhance or greatly improve efficiency of user workflows and employment of Anduril C2 products
* Support engagement with other service components, Task Forces, Geographic Combatant Commands, and other Government organizations as required to integrate Anduril products laterally across United States Armed Forces customers for increased adoption
* Develop and contribute to a streamlined user feedback and engagement system, which include issue tracking, training sessions, qualification tracking, and focused preparation for large scale exercises and events

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience in program management, product deployment, or field engineering roles
* Exceptional interpersonal and stakeholder management skills with senior military leaders and officials
* Understanding of U.S. and allied military operations, doctrines, and multi-domain environments
* Experience translating and decomposing highly technical concepts into operational requirements and performance specifications
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the intersection of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Willing to travel as necessary (25-50%)
* US Secret Clearance or above required

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience in Defense Technology, Product or Program Management, Solutions Architect, or Technical Delivery-type roles
* Experience and familiarity with United States Army and/or Joint-Force intelligence, operational planning, targeting, and fires systems and workflows
* Experience and familiarity in mobile compute challenges and tradeoffs for dismounted soldiers in varying form factors
* Familiarity with operational constraints of military workflows in Disconnected, Denied, Intermittent, and Low-Bandwidth (DDIL) environments
* Familiarity with mesh networking and data federation across disparate systems
* Familiarity with doctrinal, functional, and technical command and control concepts, processes, and principles

US Salary Range

$129,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
