---
title: Operations Analyst, Mission Engineering, Air Dominance & Strike, Active Clearance
status: active
id: '4481618007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4481618007?gh_jid=4481618007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2024-08-19T14:34:16-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States; Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Engineering : Operations Analysis'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril is at the forefront of developing defense technologies which feature layered autonomy and can be produced at scale.  To support our rapid development and deployment initiatives, our Anduril Mission Engineering Operations Analysts (AME OA) provide rigorous, data-driven analytical products to guide our business strategy, inform requirements, and investigate concepts of employment.

As an analyst, you will engage directly with internal and external stakeholders to translate their questions into physics-based analyses, often designing experiments using mission-level simulations.  You will follow the scientific method and generate clear and compelling analytical artifacts with actionable conclusions. Your analyses will often accompany demonstration events to quantify exactly how Anduril technology delivers mission success to the warfighter.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Employ the scientific method to develop model-driven analysis (and often the models themselves)
* Develop a deep understanding of the transformational value of Anduril’s platform, autonomy, simulation, and perception products
* Use our advanced internal M&S capabilities to give our analyses and asymmetric advantage over competitors
* Use exceptional writing and verbal communication to translate complex analytical findings into clear and  compelling summaries for both internal program teams and external customers

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience in a relevant Science or Engineering field
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* 2+ years of hands-on AFSIM scripting experience (deeper experience highly valued)
* Proficiency and love of modeling and scripting languages (e.g., Python, MATLAB, Simulink)
* Demonstrated experience in:
  + Platform MS&A - aero, fuel, and signature modeling
  + Payload MS&A - radar, EOIR, communications, or weapons payloads
* Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey complex technical information in written, visual and spoken form to diverse audiences
* A working knowledge of domains such as Offensive/Defensive Counter-Air (OCA/DCA), Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR), Suppression/Destruction of Enemy Air Defenses (SEAD/DEAD), Electronic Attack, or Long Range Fires

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience in a relevant Science or Engineering field, or equivalent advanced academic experience (e.g., MS, Ph.D.)
* Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Top Secret security clearance
* Demonstrated ability to lead and execute an Operations Analysis study from concept to completion, encompassing problem definition, research, model development, data analysis, and report generation
* Signal processing experience— for example, track fusion and filtering techniques
* Experience with RF propagation modeling, including communications, radar, and electronic warfare (EW) modeling

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
