---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Platform
status: active
id: '4604885007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4604885007?gh_jid=4604885007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2024-12-13T18:32:15-05:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform '
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Lattice Platform is dedicated to building a comprehensive, integrated platform that enables efficient data management, task orchestration, and system-wide interoperability. Lattice, the foundation for everything we do as a defense technology company, consists of talented and hard-working engineers who are motivated to see their work rapidly deployed on the front lines. Unlike teams building experimental systems, we deploy our solutions in real-world environments. Our work spans core infrastructure, distributed systems, web development, networking, and other critical areas that form the backbone of Anduril's defense technology ecosystem. By combining these diverse, yet interconnected areas of expertise, we aim to create a powerful, scalable ecosystem that supports autonomous robots, data-driven decision-making, and innovative applications across all war-fighting domains. Our ultimate goal is to deliver a cohesive software infrastructure that drives technological advancement and operational efficiency for Anduril.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for multiple Senior Software Engineers to join our rapidly growing platform team. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining the foundational systems that power Anduril's defense technology products. You will build infrastructure, platform services, and integration components that enable our entire engineering organization to operate efficiently at scale. This will require expertise in various programming languages, system architecture, and collaborative problem-solving. If you are someone who is self-motivated, holds yourself to high standards, and thrives in a low-structure, high-autonomy environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design and implement core infrastructure components that support Anduril's defense technology applications
* Develop platform services that enable other software engineers to scale their output
* Work with simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, and networking technologies
* Collaborate with customers to deliver novel software capabilities
* Partner with team members in the autonomy domain to create technologies and processes
* Enable users to safely and rapidly develop and deploy autonomous systems at scale
* Participate in technical design reviews and architecture discussions
* Implement robust monitoring, logging, and data management solutions

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years working in an engineering environment: a startup (or startup-like environment), engineering school, etc.
* 5+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Go, C++, Rust, Python, Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, etc.
* Experience designing, developing, and integrating software for infra, cloud, web, autonomy, robotic applications
* Demonstrated ability to build platform and infrastructure tooling
* Experience working with customers to deliver novel software capabilities
* Strong collaboration skills, particularly in the autonomy domain
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience building or inventing something: an app, a website, game, or startup
* Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CI/CD systems, etc.
* Experience building scalable backend software systems with various data storage and processing requirements
* Deep understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node
* Experience with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure), CI/CD tools, and software infrastructure fundamentals
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* Experience implementing robot or autonomous vehicle testing frameworks in HITL environments
* Experience with modern build and deployment tooling (e.g., NixOS, Terraform)
* Experience designing complex software systems and iterating upon designs via technical design reviews
* Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
