---
title: Staff Software Engineer, Connected Warfare
status: active
id: '4644069007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4644069007?gh_jid=4644069007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-02-07T11:06:37-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Washington, DC (909) (Archived)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for time sensitive decision, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.

The Menace Platform group is developing a first of it’s kind Platform built for the tactical edge, where connectivity is contested, latency costs lives, and resilience defines victory. Built on Anduril’s field-proven Menace and Voyager systems, and powered by the company’s Lattice orchestration framework and distributed Fabric and Data Mesh, the Menace Platform allows warfighters, allies, and partners to deploy applications, share data, and make decisions at machine speed—even when disconnected.

As a Staff Software Engineer in the Menace Platform group, you will be responsible for solving novel problems aligned with the goal of creating the next generation distributed data layer and mesh ecosystem for the United States and its allies. You will build the foundation that supports this mission. We spend time thinking critically and designing intentionally against what the system’s end state needs to look like while making pragmatic tradeoffs to deliver against customers’ immediate needs. We keep the mission top-of-mind while making sound engineering decisions to deliver on-time, high quality software and pre-emptively meet the challenges of the future.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own software spanning Menace Platform: mesh platform, data interfaces, and release management
* Deliver well architected systems through clear interfaces across components, code reviews, design reviews and modern software engineering practices.
* Champion test-ability, portability, monitoring, scalability, reliability, and maintainability as core parts of software delivery.
* Generate software solutions from problem definition and solution design, through to implementation and delivery to customers
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps
* Travel up to 10% of time to collaborate with teammates and understand real world operating conditions

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years experience designing and developing software
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration, extreme ownership, and strong opinions with low ego
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration, extreme ownership, and strong opinions with low ego
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience designing APIs for use in distributed systems
* Experience building modeling and simulation environments for distributed systems operating in non-standard networking conditions
* Familiarity with modern build and deployment tooling (e.g. NixOS, Terraform)
* Familiarity with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure) and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems)
* A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node
* Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CICD systems, etc.
* Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
