---
title: Senior Software Engineer, RAIL
status: active
id: '4653654007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4653654007?gh_jid=4653654007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-02-14T19:40:19-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Launched Effects Engineering : Software'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces

### ABOUT THE JOB

RAIL has two primary customers:

* **Mission Autonomy (MA)** — Mission Autonomy at Anduril is responsible for coordinating mission-level behaviors by manipulating hardware. For example, “fly to these waypoints,” “enter radio silence mode,” or “arm munitions.”
* **Robotics Business Lines** — These teams own specific Anduril robots end-to-end, as well as individual pieces of hardware on those robots.

RAIL bridges the gap between Mission Autonomy and diverse sets of hardware by creating common hardware interfaces. To allow Anduril to effortlessly integrate with new hardware. RAIL enables Anduril to scale and deploy ambitious new robot designs on short timelines by leveraging learnings and investments from our existing portfolio of diverse hardware and products.  
  
For example, Anduril procures autopilots from a multitude of different hardware vendors. Each autopilot has a subtly different hardware interface — some use MAVLINK, some use STANAG, others use bespoke vendor-specific serial interfaces. Despite having different interfaces, they all provide standard functionality that flies along a set of waypoints.   
  
As an author of advanced mission behavior, I shouldn’t care whether my autopilot speaks MAVLINK or STANAG — I just want my vehicle to get flying. RAIL abstracts away these subtle hardware differences from Mission Autonomy by providing a shared, common interface as a layer between Mission Autonomy and low-level hardware integrations. RAIL also provides other valuable features such as hardware custody management and access-control semantics, shared-memory IPC approaches and flexible observability plugins, to name a few.  
  
RAIL is uniquely situated within Anduril. As the layer between Mission Autonomy and low-level-hardware at Anduril, you will find yourself developing a broad set of expertise working with nearly every robotics team at Anduril. To date, we’ve flown all across our US offices and test sites to launch new initiatives with Ghost, Altius, Dive, and Fury. Come help RAIL build the future of robot autonomy at Anduril!

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own major feature development and rollout of large features for our products — RAIL works with nearly every robotics team at Anduril — humility, empathy, and strong collaboration skills are key to success on the RAIL team!
* Write and maintain core systems that all robotics platforms at Anduril will use.
* Work closely with our vehicle software teams during product development, understanding their needs, and delivering high leverage software they are able to use bring their product to market.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 4+ years of C++ or Rust experience in a Linux development environment — you will be expected to learn Rust on the job, but prior Rust experience is not required
* BS in Robotics, Computer Science, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field
* Proven understanding of data structures, algorithms, concurrency, and code optimization
* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems
* Experience working with and testing electrical and mechanical systems
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience programming for embedded and physical devices
* Eligible to obtain and hold a US DoD Security Clearance
* Python and/or Go experience
* Multi-agent coordination of UAVs

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
