---
title: Senior Open Architecture Systems Engineer, C2
status: active
id: '4657144007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4657144007?gh_jid=4657144007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-02-19T19:30:21-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Engineering : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are working on cutting-edge autonomous airpower systems that need to operate in the most demanding environments. To support our development and deployment tasks, we are building a Systems Engineering team to guide Digital Engineering strategy and complement our Mission Software Engineering, Product Engineering, and Business Development teams. This team will provide Model Based Systems Engineering and Requirements Based Testing artifacts which will be used in support of product development, delivery, and sustainment of advanced mission autonomy systems.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* You will be a systems engineer who interfaces with stakeholders including internal programs and external customers
* You will develop artifacts based on stakeholder needs and work closely with functional areas to ensure artifacts are complete and accurate. Model Artifacts will often be contractual deliverables and require demonstration at stakeholder meetings and events
* This role will be a critical interface between Anduril and government customer in providing real Systems Engineering and Mission Systems Integration capabilities
* Participate in the development of our Digital and Systems Engineering Strategy and Implementation
* Develop a deep understanding of Anduril platforms, autonomy, simulation, and perception products through the creation and maintenance of systems engineering artifacts

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* B.S. in aerospace, mechanical, computer science or similar engineering or technical field
* 7+ years Systems Engineering Experience across the life cycle. The more, the better
* Understanding of interoperability and integration challenges in defense systems
* Understanding of Command & Control use cases, behaviors, and methods (<insert>)
* Experience with requirements analysis and system design in a government context
* Experience with Systems Engineering, Requirements Elicitation and Management, Integration, and Test Activities on complex systems - DoD Weapon Systems, Space Systems, etc...
* Experience with SysML, DoDAF, UAFP, or similar
* Experience developing various model based system engineering artifacts - Operational Viewpoints, System Viewpoints, activity diagrams, use case diagrams, BDDs, IBDs, parametric diagrams, etc...
* Experience with Cameo MagicDraw or similar systems engineering software (Rhapsody, SparxEA, etc...)
* Experience with Digital Engineering workflows and Integrated Modeling Environments (i.e. Teamwork Cloud)
* Outstanding communication skills to include presentation of developed artifacts
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience as a contributor of the UCI standard or as an implementer of an adopting system
* Experience defining or implementing system behaviors through UCI
* Understanding of HMI SW architecture
* Experience with automation in Cameo or Python relevant to Systems Engineering use cases
* INCOSE Systems Engineering Professional (SEP) Certification

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
