---
title: Senior Quality Engineer
status: active
id: '4668093007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4668093007?gh_jid=4668093007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-04-04T11:57:22-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Autonomous Airpower Engineering '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking a Senior Quality Engineer to join our Fury Team in Columbus, Ohio. The ideal candidate will be responsible for ensuring that our Group 5 Autonomous Vehicle product meets the highest quality standards from the design phase to the production phase of the product life cycle. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, and continuous improvement for Group 5 Autonomous Vehicles. If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Work closely with the design team to ensure that quality is built into the product from the outset.
* Develop and maintain a comprehensive understanding of the product design and manufacturing processes for the overall vehicle,
* Collaborate with internal & external functions to define and execute processes that deliver reliable products. Direct quality engineers for direction and opportunities in sub-systems, processes, production, and supplier development areas.
* Develop and implement quality control plans and procedures for the Group 5 Autonomous Vehicle product.
* Conduct quality audits and inspections to identify and address any issues that arise during the product development process.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and resolve quality issues.
* Develop and maintain quality metrics to track product quality and identify areas for improvement.
* Ensure that all quality-related documentation is complete, accurate, and up-to-date.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap.
* Set up and lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities. Be able to communicate the top line quality of the project
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Support investigations, initiatives, and projects as needed, at the team or organization level.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality and production processes. Experience in growing and developing teams and managing resources.
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of aviation systems, PCBA, harnessing, avionics, systems integration, composites/control surfaces, propulsion systems, and lethality systems.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization. Knowledgeable of missile storage and maintenance processes.
* Experience partnering with Reliability Engineering, chief engineers, architects, and customer facing team members to deliver to customer requirements.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes. Application of industry standards and best practices
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* 5-7 years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers. Working knowledge of AS9100/ AS6500 / ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards and general workmanship standards.
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for aerial vehicles. Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, Foundry, and manufacturing execution systems

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
