---
title: 'Electrical Test Engineer, Connected Warfare '
status: active
id: '4678017007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4678017007?gh_jid=4678017007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T15:53:36-04:00'
date: '2025-03-13T16:56:05-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Connected Warfare Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Connected Warfare is the team at Anduril dedicated to the modernization of the command and control systems of U.S. and Allied forces. You will be a driving force behind the integration of cutting-edge edge compute and communications technologies that make that approach a reality.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Electrical Test Engineer, Power Systems

Join our trailblazing team as an Electrical System Integration and Test Engineer, where you'll be the architect of cutting-edge test systems and HITLs (Hardware in the loop) for Anduril's electronic marvels for high and low power ground system applications. In this role, you'll collaborate with the best and brightest, harnessing your expertise to unveil and bridge test coverage gaps with masterful precision. You'll not only own the design but also drive the delivery of both hardware and software test solutions. We're on the hunt for a visionary Power System Test Design Engineer with a history of crafting impeccable turnkey test solutions for electronics, along with a robust background in hardware, software, integration, and sustainment. Propel your career forward with us, where your contributions will redefine industry standards and elevate our products to the pinnacle of technological excellence.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Create, maintain electrical system test strategy, and test plans for Ground Control products.
* Develop test procedures defining specific test setup requirements and instructions based on power quality specifications and industry standards.
* Schedule and execute test plans independently and collaborate with related test/validation/design engineers/project managers as necessary.
* Facilitate electrical system performance and characterization testing of developmental as well as future production hardware per test plan
* Develop custom test fixtures and test racks as necessary to capture desired test results
* Post-process test data with Excel, Mathcad or other preferred programs. Write comprehensive test report covering all related information such as detailed equipment lists and specifications, test setup, test procedure and be able to produce meaningful plots from the measured results
* Act as a liaison to conduct offsite testing and provide directions to lab personnel in setting up and executing validation tests.
* Leverage data analysis and existing tools to reproduce and characterize failures.
* Analyze and drive coverage and analysis of failures observed in integration and system level integration testing.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or related fields
* 4+ years of relevant industry experience with emphasis on hardware validation and verification testing.
* Familiarity with hardware development life cycle, reliability, and compliance testing.
* Familiarity with high voltage safety protocols and practices for both AC and DC voltages
* General understanding of engineering concepts, principles, and theory with technical experience demonstrating the application of those concepts while ensuring safety and regulatory compliance.
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, data acquisition, power analyzers and measurement sensors.
* Familiarity with environmental testing such as MIL-STD-810 and MIL-STD-461
* Strong root cause analysis skills.
* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills.
* Ability to travel to and work at remote sites supporting test integration, commissioning and training as required.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4+ years of relevant industry experience
* Familiarity with Python and/or MATLAB for data parsing and data visualization.
* Knowledge of high complexity wiring harness design, build, and test best practices
* Digital Bus/Network Communication Experience: CAN, UDP, Modbus, RS485, Serial, SNMP
* Experience with firmware integration, vehicle level validation and debugging.
* Demonstrated knowledge of regulatory compliance standards.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
