---
title: 'Senior Product Designer '
status: active
id: '4679704007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4679704007?gh_jid=4679704007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-03-14T21:20:20-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Seattle, WA
- Washington, DC (909) (Archived)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
The centralized Software Product Design & Research team serves as the connective tissue across Anduril’s ecosystem of software experiences – ensuring that products and workflows scale thoughtfully across platforms, mission types, and domains. As a Product Designer, you will own the entire lifecycle of design working closely with cross-functional partners through discovery, ideation, validation, and delivery. You will work alongside a team of designers and researchers while developing a deep understanding of Anduril customers, and design solutions to support highly technical and complex scenarios. You will have an immediate impact on real-world operations as you design novel interactions that explore the boundaries of human-to-machine control. We are changing the way our military works – from strategic commanders to forward-deployed operators working responsibly with autonomous systems.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Drive the end-to-end user experience for platform, internal R&D, or vertical product investments; proactively balancing near-term experiments with long-term strategy & vision.
* Shape how product design integrates with engineering & product management through close collaboration, iterative prototyping, and hands-on implementation guidance.
* Lead the definition of high-impact product experiences. From problem decomposition and discovery to defining experience requirements, crafting workflows, and delivery high-fidelity designs.
* Engage with end users and facilitate collaborative workshops with stakeholders to align on user needs, generate ideas, and define concepts or experiments.
* Ensure your work is easy to follow through strong narrative skills, journey maps, user workflows, high fidelity mockups, and documentation rigor.
* Mentor and elevate design peers, contribute in design critiques, champion knowledge sharing, and model productive cross-functional collaboration.
* Partner with our design systems team to evolve the underlying platform through your work at the edge.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience in product design, UX, or HCI, with a proven ability to execute high-craft, technically informed solutions.
* Deep expertise in visual and interaction design, with the ability to craft elegant solutions for complex workflows.
* Systems thinking mindset, capable of mapping workflows across multiple user types and operational contexts.
* Strong prototyping skills to drive clarity in decision-making.
* Ability to communicate the “why” behind design decisions; work demonstrating having navigating complex stakeholder requirements across engineering, product, and business teams.
* Portfolio demonstrating high attention to craft and interaction details.
* No prior defense experience necessary – we are looking for designers who can bring diverse perspectives to hard problems.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience leading user research sessions including customer discovery, usability testing, and synthesis of complex feedback loops.
* Facilitation skills to lead workshops, guide cross-functional alignment, and strategic decision-making.
* Comfort operating in ambiguity with a proactive approach to problem-solving in mission-critical, time-sensitive environments.
* Familiarity with designing for constrained or high-stakes / safety critical environments (e.g., industrial, aerospace, or defense systems).
* Demonstrated leadership in scaling design operations, mentorship, and improving team efficiency.
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Government Top Secret clearance.

US Salary Range

$154,000—$231,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
