---
title: Senior Guidance, Navigation & Control (GNC) Engineer - Navigation and Estimation-
  Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '4685796007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4685796007?gh_jid=4685796007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-09-10T12:18:08-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Vehicle Software : Guidance, Navigation
  & Control (GNC)'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril’s Flight Engineering department is seeking Guidance, Navigation and Control (GNC) Engineers to join our team. The Anduril Flight Engineering team is integral to development of flight system solutions in all domains for our warfighters. As a critical member of our team, the role of a Guidance, Navigation, and Control (GNC) Engineer is pivotal in driving the design, development, testing, and implementation of cutting-edge flight system technologies for our aerospace systems. Anduril fosters a dynamic learning culture, characterized by accelerated knowledge acquisition through modeling, simulation, analysis, and rigorous and frequent ground and flight test experimentation. At Anduril, you will be involved in flight testing the systems you develop.

We are seeking exceptional GNC Engineers with expertise in Navigation, Sensing, or PNT to join our team. The successful candidate will play a pivotal role in shaping the next generation of autonomous air power, advanced tactical missile systems, strategic weapons, and hypersonic strike and defense systems. As a key contributor, you will develop, test, and integrate navigation systems and architectures for subsonic, supersonic, and hypersonic autonomous systems, driving innovation in mission-critical capabilities.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead navigation system design for one or more Anduril products, cradle-to-grave ownership.
* Analyze and help develop mission requirements and constraints across the Anduril product portfolio to determine optimal navigation system architecture.
* Support and drive the evaluation and integration of advanced alternative navigation aiding sources (prepare, support, and conduct lab, motion, and flight tests).
* Support flight testing to measure & validate navigation performance relative to mission requirements and troubleshoot testing and operational anomalies.
* Perform trade studies, modeling, simulation and other forms of analysis to validate algorithm and navigation stack accuracy, robustness, and performance.
* Conduct simulation and testing for validation of navigation algorithms and system performance.
* Collect and analyze platform telemetry data to validate platform operation and performance
* Support the design, development, integration and testing of an inertial navigation systems (INS) for aerospace vehicles (UAS, spacecraft, missiles, etc.).
* Use and update Anduril's existing navigation filters, models, and simulations to improve navigation performance.
* Support and drive the development of algorithms for navigation, guidance, and control systems, including Extended Kalman filters and other estimation methods using various programming languages.
* Support and drive the development of advanced sensor fusion algorithms leveraging INS, GNSS, cameras, LiDAR, and other sensors for accurate navigation in complex environments across subsea, surface, air, and space domains.
* Apply covariance analysis techniques for early requirements derivation, as well as to optimize navigation system performance, error modeling, and system uncertainty assessments.
* Improve calibration procedures for sensor suites used in aerospace navigation systems.
* Collaborate with GNC, Flight Software, MSA, T&E, product leadership, and other multidisciplinary teams to integrate navigation software and hardware into real-world flight systems.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or a related field
* Strong bias for action, ability to thrive in uncertainty, and desire to closely collaborate cross-functionally with other teams
* Proficiency in MATLAB & Simulink, C/C++
* Strong knowledge of navigation principles, including inertial navigation, GPS
* Experience characterizing, integrating, and testing inertial and non-inertial sensing modalities like INS, GNSS, vision-based, and odometry
* Experience with navigation system design, development and testing on aerospace systems
* Expertise in Kalman filtering, Extended Kalman filtering, and other estimation techniques
* Experience with real-time systems and embedded software development
* Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
* General knowledge of guidance and flight control systems
* Experience optimizing and tuning navigation system performance, error modeling, and system uncertainty assessments, and requirements methods
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret clearance

#### **Guidance, Navigation & Control (GNC) Engineer**

* 3 or more years of experience in Guidance, Navigation & Control engineering or related technical experience

#### **Senior Guidance, Navigation & Control (GNC) Engineer**

* 8 or more years of experience in Guidance, Navigation & Control engineering or related technical experience

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Autonomous air, ground or undersea vehicle navigation experience, focusing on low-cost sensors
* Strong software (MATLAB, C/C++) and hardware (sensors, harnesses, PCB design) integration background, working with real-time systems is a **big** **plus**
* Experience adapting and applying real-time pose localization algorithms from robotics to enhance the accuracy and robustness of vehicle navigation where applicable
* Experience with 6-DOF vehicle simulation
* GNSS receiver and antenna integration experience
* Current eligibility at the Top Secret level preferred

US Salary Range

$166,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
