---
title: Electrical Engineer, Maneuver Dominance
status: active
id: '4687724007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4687724007?gh_jid=4687724007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T16:51:27-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - EE'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is seeking a Electrical Engineer to join the Maneuver Dominance team at our Costa Mesa HQ. The Maneuver Dominance (MD) Team at Anduril develops aerial robotic systems designed to operate in large coordinated teams in concert with ground maneuver forces. We leverage existing Anduril drone platforms like Ghost, Altius, or Roadrunner, in addition to bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril’s Lattice ecosystem. We develop perception and autonomy algorithms to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

In this position, you will work closely with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments as part of a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. In this role you will be responsible for designing and supporting the integration of various subsystems, supporting testing efforts, and ensuring overall system performance meets the required specifications and standards. Join our dynamic team and help us build the next generation of autonomous flight systems.

* Full cycle aircraft systems electrical design and integration including requirements capture, system architecture design, equipment selection, supervision or completion of wire harness build, bring-up, test, and rework.
* Troubleshoot issues that span the electrical and software boundaries, with solid skills using both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and basic software debugging tools
* Development of payloads and subsystems (sensors, payload interfaces, power management, and networking)
* Develop system interconnect diagrams and define wire harnesses that connect electronic equipment within a subsystem
* Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products
* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments and customer operated hardware
* Conduct peer-level and cross-discipline design reviews
* Design and support the integration & testing of an rotorcraft system through TRLs 3-8
* Conduct vehicle platform system design & analysis as required by your supported program or effort
* Conduct design reviews, perform requirements analysis, and plan system verification to ensure compliance with project goals and industry standards
* Work within a dynamic team of multidisciplinary engineers and specialists throughout the life of product design, integration, and test effort

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* 3+ years of experience (non-internship) designing, testing, and troubleshooting complex board designs
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, thermal chambers, current-probes, and automation of tests
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Familiarity with common MCU, CPU, FPGA devices and technologies
* Familiarity with software development processes and tools such as git, Github, JIRA, etc
* Comfortable with a variety of electronic CAD tools (Altium preferred, Eagle and others acceptable)
* Experience in design for signal integrity / power integrity
* Experience with battery systems and ability to support alternate battery systems design
* Experience with high reliability systems
* Experience with radio frequency-based systems
* Experience with rapid payload/sensor integration
* Experience in designing and integrating high power electronics
* Experience in fieldable system design
* Comfortable in conducting worst case circuit or uncertainty analysis
* High-ownership and a bias toward action – if you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Ability to travel 25% with potential surges above 25%

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience designing electrical and power systems for autonomous rotorcraft
* Experience with battery systems both primary and secondary chemistries
* Experience with High Voltage Power Electronics
* Experience with inverters and high power electric motors
* Understanding of MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-810G
* Outstanding leadership and interpersonal skills
* Familiarity with running a qualification campaign for flight hardware
* Familiarity with designing for rugged environments
* Experience with electro-mechanical and electrical design concepts
* Experience with Formula SAE, Baja SAE, Design Build Fly, etc.

US Salary Range

$132,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
