---
title: Strategic Finance
status: active
id: '4700708007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4700708007?gh_jid=4700708007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T19:54:11-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**TLDR:**

* You will own high-priority financial analyses that underpin major initiatives around Anduril
* You will partner with leadership and teams from across the business to unpack ambiguous problems, develop a thorough understanding, and provide solutions (with a financial lens)
* Your work will vary from quick-turn analytical problem solving to process improvements and building out financial models

**The Strategic Finance team at Anduril has three primary responsibilities:**

1. Special projects. We are frequently pulled into high priority problems that must be solved, but do not fall neatly into the purview of an existing person’s job description. Our team is one of the first to get tapped when a messy problem needs solving
2. Pricing Strategy. We are a key pillar in how we price products across the company. Anduril is at the forefront of new technologies that require novel pricing and contracting structures – and our team owns a large part of this
3. Maturing Financial Frameworks. Our team is at the forefront of how Anduril thinks about investments (incl. new products, new facilities, etc.). Its our job to bring financial rigor to these decisions and to mature our decision-making process

**What you’ll do on the Strategic Finance Team:**

* Own projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation. You will be handed ambiguous, messy problems with little prescription on how to solve them
* Execute scrappy analyses on short timelines to get answers quickly, while also owning more scalable solutions that will make Anduril successful in the long term
* Project manage across many stakeholders. If you don’t like being the person leading meetings with large groups of people or managing large Slack channels to wrangle stakeholders towards a solution, this may not be the role for you
* Work across functions and learn Anduril’s business top-to-bottom. You will interact with Finance, Growth, Engineering, Investor Relations, Corporate Development, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, HR, Recruiting, and more
* Own detailed financial models end-to-end, from on-the-ground gathering of data, through creating materials, to presenting them to stakeholders
* Build P&L models for different products, business lines, divisions, and acquisitions
* Build novel financial frameworks for thinking through operational decisions, including but not limited to facilities, manufacturing, supply chain, etc.

+ *e.g. Build a 10-Y model for a new product Anduril is considering*
+ *e.g. How should Anduril approach capital allocation decisions and think about capital structure?*
+ *e.g. How should Anduril think about international opportunities?*

* Work on novel pricing frameworks for new technologies that the USG has never acquired before
* Build out models to justify $ pricing and show how it impacts Anduril and the customer
* Brainstorm / ideate on different ways of monetizing Anduril products and technology
* Deeply embed with engineering, sales, and proposals teams on major new efforts

+ *e.g. How much should Anduril charge for a new variant of Dive-LD?*
+ *e.g. How should Anduril structure the pricing on software licenses that provide autonomy to drones?*

**Required Qualifications:**

* You have 3+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, or similar
* You have a strong understanding of financial and accounting concepts
* You have strong analytical aptitude. You intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and can translate them into strategic, actionable insights
* You are able to quickly execute analyses in Excel
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move. We’d rather have to tell you to slow down than to speed up
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself
* You have an ability to quantify complex often ambiguous problems
* You are willing to learn how to use corporate systems (e.g. Salesforce) and analytic / dashboarding tools (e.g. Palantir Foundry)
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership
* You enjoy working at a place where no one minds if you leave early one day to go to an appointment or run an errand, but you also don’t mind responding to Slacks in the evening or sprinting on urgent asks
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data

US Salary Range

$113,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
