---
title: 'Structures Engineer, Air Vehicles '
status: active
id: '4710007007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4710007007?gh_jid=4710007007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-04-16T12:35:14-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Air Vehicle Structures'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The **Air Dominance and Strike Aerostructures Engineering Team** is responsible for designing and analyzing advanced structural parts for Group 5 air vehicles and missile platforms. Air Dominance and Strike Structures Engineers own the full development lifecycle, from conceptual to detailed design and analysis of primary and secondary structures ensuring high-performance, resilient, and scalable mechanical systems that meet the demands of complex, contested environments.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Utilize first principle methods and design tools to develop new aircraft products
* Own development of primary and secondary aircraft structural parts and assemblies (metallic and composite) from preliminary design through prototype manufacturing
* Perform complex modeling and finite element analysis at the detailed component level, major assembly level, and aircraft level (analysis simulations to include strength, buckling, damage tolerance, and delamination)
* Apply design for manufacturing concepts to create solutions that are cost effective and easy to manufacture at rate
* Conduct trade studies and perform design and analysis research of complex engineering concepts to determine an optimal solution for weight, performance, manufacturability, cost, and/or schedule
* Collaborate in a multidisciplinary environment to solve complex, open-ended problems with an emphasis on schedule and cost objectives
* Coordinate work with mechanical systems, systems integration, aerodynamics, manufacturing, project engineering, and other team members
* Onsite engineering support at manufacturing and integration sites

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent experience
* 5+ years of experience in aerospace structures design, analysis, or related roles
* Proficiency in CAD software and experience with engineering data analysis
* Proven expertise in structural modeling and simulation tools (e.g., ANSYS, NASTRAN, or equivalent)
* Strong understanding of material properties, stress analysis, fatigue assessment, load paths, design practices, and hand calculations
* Strong technical knowledge in core engineering principles, fundamental mechanics of composite materials, design, analysis, testing, and fabrication
* Excellent problem-solving and communication skills
* Self-driven with a strong sense of autonomy and adaptability in a dynamic environment
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with clean sheet aircraft configuration
* Siemens NX proficiency
* Experience with fast paced prototype design and manufacture of uncrewed aircraft
* Experience with high temperature materials selection
* Broad experience across a range of aircraft programs
* Hands-on experience with manufacturing
* Practical aircraft knowledge (pilots license, A&P, etc.)

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
