---
title: Product Quality Engineer, Core Tech
status: active
id: '4714248007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4714248007?gh_jid=4714248007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-07-22T16:57:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Product Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a **Product Quality Engineer**, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable products. This role focuses on our Core Technology products with career growth to any of our products in the development stages. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, sub-system performance criteria and metrology, and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own quality of incoming components, subsystems, and the end-product assembly from early design phase to the end of production.
* Responsible for root cause analysis and associated characterization/sensitivity test development.
* Communicate with supplier quality partners to ensure root cause and corrective action is completed through the supply base.
* Drive quality controls and assurance throughout production phases; develop metrics to uphold the highest level of first pass yield and continuous scrap reduction.
* Develop and implement manufacturing requirements, quality standards, and product quality plans per category of component (castings, forgings, machined parts).
* Cross functional leadership through design, manufacturing, quality, and reliability engineering to analyze process capability potential from the early design phase and direct design decisions based on data.
* Design of experiments and test execution to support design and process improvements.
* Experience with process control methods including statistical process control, AS9102, and PPAP.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in aerospace/defense or similar hardware.
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of PCBA, avionics and systems integration.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization. Leading the transition from engineering qualification to manufacturing variance testing for product quality coverage.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Key Characteristics, Frozen Processes, Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA).
* Working knowledge of electrical manufacturing processes.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* 5-7 years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards
* Experience with government contracts and mil standard requirements
* Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks, Jira, Tableau, and Altium (or other PCBA and harness design software)

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
