---
title: Strategy & Operations, Production
status: active
id: '4728436007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4728436007?gh_jid=4728436007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-05-07T14:01:33-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing : Manufacturing'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As Strategy & Operations in our Production organization, you will be joining the new home for Special Projects in one of Anduril’s largest, fastest-growing organizations.  
  
Production at Anduril is responsible for the end to end processes of procuring, manufacturing, and delivering hardware to our customers. The Production BizOps team is dedicated to staffing heavy-hitters against the highest-priority problems in the organization to help deliver hardware On-time, with Quality, at Cost.   
  
You will be embedded in the operations of the business - working across Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Planning, and teams outside Production like Finance, Growth, HR, etc. - spanning anywhere from strategic projects with exposure to leadership down to scrappy operational improvement in the most complex processes in Production.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Work on strategic problems, providing structure to ambiguity and helping shepherd cross-functional groups of stakeholders towards decisions on strategic issues - coupling first principles thinking and the ability to rapidly and creatively conduct research (internally and externally) to fully and exhaustively detail the implications and tradeoffs of various decisions without losing sight of the simple “so what”
* Own operational projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation. You will be handed ambiguous, messy problems with little prescription on how to solve them. If this does not *excite* you, this is not the role for you.
* Work on operational problems involving the intersection of hardware and software systems. From inventory management systems, to asset-tracking in the field, to manufacturing systems capturing data on quality-issues on the production floor. Anduril is hardware business, and tracking hardware is messy. We need our systems, tools, and, processes to be up to the task.
* Work deeply within data and systems, becoming intimately familiar with how our business systems (ERP, MRP, HRIS, etc.) function, and how to leverage data from them to create insights and analytics (leveraging tools like Excel, Palantir Foundry, etc.), equipping functional teams with these insights and tools to measure and improve their processes
* Execute scrappy analyses on short-timelines to get answers quickly, while also owning more scalable solutions that will make Anduril successful in the long term
* Project manage across many stakeholders. If you don’t like being the person leading meetings with large groups of people or managing large Slack channels to wrangle stakeholders towards a solution, this may not be the role for you
* Work across functions and learn Anduril’s business top-to-bottom. You will interact with Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Engineering, HR, Recruiting, Growth, and more. BizOps is one of the most cross-functional teams at Anduril.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You have 2-5+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, internal operations, a business analyst role - or some other experience where you just had to figure out how to get stuff done
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move. We’d rather have to tell you to slow down than to speed up.
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You don’t have to be told what to do or how to do it - you’re the first one to bring forward solutions and ideas, and then receptively take feedback on them and iterate with the team. You enjoy the idea of seeing your team as “guardrails” to keep you on track, but not the engine pushing you forward. You are that engine!
* You have an appetite to build clear frameworks to structure problems. Hardware startups are messy - bringing clarity and structured-thinking to the table is a huge asset.
* You lean into acknowledging your weaknesses and take the idea of feedback and growth seriously
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time translating operational problems into data problems, and to then going and executing on them
* You enjoy working at a place where no one minds if you leave early one day to go to an appointment or run an errand, but you also don’t mind responding to Slacks in the evening while you’re watching Netflix.
* You have an appetite to build clear frameworks to structure problems.
* You have strong analytical aptitude. You intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and data-models, and you are able to quickly execute analyses in Excel or other tools
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership. This should excite you!
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
