---
title: Mission Software Engineer, Vehicle Software, Computer Vision
status: active
id: '4734570007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4734570007?gh_jid=4734570007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-05-14T14:42:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Air Dominance & Strike (AD&S) is responsible for autonomous robotics systems like the Fury unmanned fighter jet and the Barracuda family of advanced effects. The AD&S Vehicle Software team is responsible for the software running on these systems. Our software engineers collaborate with other engineering disciplines to develop software for vehicle control, networking, sensor integration, and telemetry. We are looking for engineers excited to build the foundational vehicle software stack that supports the wide range of AD&S initiatives, from early concept simulation to first flight to live operations to large scale fleet management.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a software engineer specialized in machine vision for development of guidance systems on a large air vehicle. Engineers in this role will primarily work on implementing novel image processing algorithms from various image sources and sensors.  These will be both conventional and state of the art machine learning approaches.  Additionally, the role requires the ability to work with other sensor sources and develop sensor fusion algorithms. 

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Integrate and write tests for camera calibration code
* Develop and refine algorithms for real-time image processing and analysis.
* Write, test, and maintain high-quality code in Python and C++.
* Optimize software for performance, reliability, and scalability
* Process and evaluate images from live tests used by camera systems in various flight conditions.
* Debug and troubleshoot software and hardware issues as they arise.
* Propose and implement improvements to enhance system performance and capabilities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or related field.
* 4+ years of experience writing production software (C or C++ preferred).
* Direct experience with camera systems, calibration, and pose estimation.
* Experience working with IMUs and implementing state fusion algorithms.
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with SLAM systems.
* Experience with estimation from RADAR or LIDAR systems.
* General exposure to aviation concepts and aircraft design principles.
* Experience working in airgapped environments (without network connectivity)
* Knowledge of defense technology and tactics, especially in the air domain
* Awareness of safety critical software development practices, including DO-178c and/or MIL-HDBK-516C.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
