---
title: 'Senior Motion Designer '
status: active
id: '4740128007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4740128007?gh_jid=4740128007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T19:26:31-04:00'
date: '2025-05-22T19:28:52-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Design : Design'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Design Team is seeking a Senior Motion Designer to join our team. The Design Team leads Anduril’s brand identity, visual communication, film, concept art, and industrial design. Our team’s purpose is connecting the mission, people, and products to elevate the Anduril brand.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Senior Motion Designer, you will help shape and develop the kinetic visual language of the Anduril brand. You will be art directing and executing visual concepts across brand and technical narratives by leveraging both 2D and 3D elements. The ideal candidate is not only an impeccable artist, but also has outstanding knowledge of form and function. If you are passionate about bringing narratives to life and pushing visualization techniques, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Visual development of kinetic text and motion graphics, mission scenes, animations utilizing both 2D and 3D assets
* Conceptualize and create style frames and storyboards of narratives
* Steer development of visualization techniques and styles
* Provide clear and constructive feedback during design critiques
* Contribute to daily design inspiration and discussions
* Evolve and oversee design explorations and style guides
* Keep up with industry standard workflows, processes, and tools
* Partner with the producer, design leads, and departments including marketing, and communications

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum 5 years professional experience in Motion Design
* Portfolio demonstrating a strong familiarity with a range of animation techniques, the ability to transform complex ideas into compelling visual narratives, and a refined stylistic point of view
* Deep understanding of design fundamentals: form, color, composition, typography
* Technical fluency in 2D + 3D software of choice
* A team player who brings a unique sense of aesthetics and passion for bringing concepts to life
* Must work on-site in Costa Mesa, CA
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
