---
title: Senior Analytics Engineer
status: active
id: '4743827007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4743827007?gh_jid=4743827007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-05-23T16:28:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Business Operations : Business Operations : Analytics'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Analytics team is responsible for modeling our internal data into reusable entities that generalize how Anduril operates. From those entities we build workflows, dashboards, and metrics that drive better and faster decision-making. You will work with stakeholders from across the company to understand how Anduril functions and model our data to create the digital twin of our operations. The Analytics space is engrained in our team’s DNA, as we regularly discuss shifts in the industry and keep up with the top relevant blogs. If this culture and Anduril’s mission speaks to you, you’ve found the right place.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We’re looking for people who love ontologies - defining domains and writing the code that puts those models into action. Ideally you are passionate about the next generation of defense technology and love building efficient and understandable data models. You prioritize velocity and are interested in pushing the frontiers of what analytics can do within an organization - think data applications rather than just dashboards.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead the building of Anduril’s ontology for a specific domain such as Finance, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, People, and Sustainment
* Collaborate with stakeholders, collecting requirements, and writing the code that results in Secure, Timely, Accurate, Trusted, and Extensible Data Models
* Seek out problems that can be solved with data and proactively work with the organization to make it a reality
* Become a trusted resource for Anduril leadership in helping them run their organizations more effectively
* Lead the design and roadmap for our data platform
* Partner with operations, product, and engineering to advocate best practices and build supporting systems and infrastructure for the various data needs
* Own the ingest and egress frameworks for data pipelines that stitch together various data sources in order to produce valuable data products that drive the business
* Palantir Foundry is our central hub for data driven applications, visualizations and large scale data analysis across the Anduril org. We manage a large user base and provide true data self service at scale.
* We use SQLMesh for data transformations, giving our engineers the ability to work with SQL while enjoying software engineering best practices like version control, testing, and CI/CD for data pipelines.
* For querying data, we utilize Athena, an aws serverless solution that allows our team to run analytics directly on our data lake without managing infrastructure.
* We've implemented Apache Iceberg as our table format, providing advanced data management capabilities like schema evolution and time travel queries.
* We use Flyte for orchestration. It is a highly scalable, kubernetes native modern orchestration platform similar to Airflow or Dagster.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience in an analytics focused role - Analytics Engineer, Data Engineer or Analyst / Consultant with a strong engineering background
* Demonstrated experience with autonomy and process ownership
* Experience with data stack tools: dbt, Redshift, Looker/Tableau, Palantir Foundry
* Expert with SQL and experience with Python or other programming languages
* Ability to build world-class data models in a fast, start-up environment
* Demonstrated aptitude for strategic partnerships and communication with non-technical Stakeholders
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
