---
title: 2026 Early Career Electrical Engineer, Battlespace Awareness Radar Team
status: active
id: '4747967007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4747967007?gh_jid=4747967007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T17:14:57-04:00'
date: '2025-05-30T16:58:09-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Radar'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems to tackle significant security challenges for America and its allies. The team is seeking an early career Electrical Engineer to help develop and implement RF sensing technologies. They are responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from ideation through initial production. In this role, you will work closely with interdisciplinary technical teams to understand radar design objectives and end-user needs, using this knowledge to design, plan, and execute to ensure optimal radar performance.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* + Design electronics from concept to functional prototype, including hardware selection, PCB design, and system level integration.
  + Troubleshoot issues that span the electrical and software boundaries, with solid skills using both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and software debugging tools.
  + Develop low-level firmware/software for microcontrollers, embedded Linux systems, and supporting development & testing tools.
  + Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products.
  + Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware.
  + Concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages.
  + Help develop, test, and refine RF sensing techniques, algorithms, and technologies, with guidance from senior engineers
  + Bring rigor and curiosity to technical problems, and grow into greater ownership of radar subsystem design and analysis over time

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* + Must be pursuing or have recently completed a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a related field.
  + 3 months - 2 years of technical work to include technical internship and able to start full time in 2026.
  + Familiarity with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, debuggers, current-probes, and automation of tests.
  + Familiarity with software development processes and tools such as git, Github, JIRA, etc.
  + Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
  + Familiarity with embedded Linux development, including device trees, hardware drivers, bootloaders, and basic Unix/Linux tools.
  + Exceptional organization and communication skills (both written and oral).
  + Experience with schematic capture, PCB layout, assembly, testing and/or troubleshooting PCBs.
  + Experience with Altium Designer or equivalent electronic design automation tools.
  + Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities; U.S. clearance eligibility may be required depending on program.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* + Coursework, internship, research, or personal project experience related to radar systems, RF sensing, electromagnetics, or signal processing
  + Familiarity with radar architecture, radar modes, or system modeling concepts
  + Have a bias for action. If you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it.
  + Be naturally curious about the technologies and tools you use.
  + Low-ego, high ownership, and mission oriented.

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$74,000—$99,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
