---
title: Software Engineer, Device Infrastructure
status: active
id: '4775866007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4775866007?gh_jid=4775866007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-18T13:53:48-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Tactical Recon & Strike Engineering : TRS - Software '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

This position is on the TRS Core Infrastructure team and will be focused on building the infrastructure to field TRS Products such as Altius, Ghost, Bolt and Anvil. Our charter is to provide the foundation for teams across Anduril to deploy cutting edge TRS autonomy and to tie it all together into an easy-to-use product. The solutions that you will create address the current needs of our customers and will have immediate impact towards the success of our products.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Design, build, test, and release the tools used during manufacturing and deployment of Anduril Products.
* Help define foundational software architectures, configuration processes, and user experience workflows for our products, working directly with chief engineers, program managers, flight test engineers, and end-user customers to demonstrate capability and iterate on feedback.
* Create solutions in Python/Rust/C++/Go that integrate into software product lifecycle technologies like NixOS/CircleCI/Docker.
* Interface with engineers developing every aspect of the system from low-level Linux drivers to cutting edge autonomy and streamlined user interfaces.
* Test and evaluate your software at multiple levels of rigor using simulations, benchtop hardware, and live flight assets.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* At least 3+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Python, Rust, C++, Go, etc.
* Have experience working with customers to deliver novel software capabilities.
* Want to work on building the tools that technicians, engineers, and operators will use to prepare Altius for real-world missions.
* Are passionate about user experience and always strive to provide the most streamlined product.
* Have an intuition for finding solutions to complex problems that involve multiple first and third party technologies (related to simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, networking, and more).
* Enjoy collaborating with team members and partners in the autonomy domain, and building technologies and processes which enable users to safely and rapidly develop and deploy autonomous systems at scale.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You've built or invented something: an app, a website, game, startup.
* Previous experience working in an engineering setting: a startup (or startup-like environment), engineering school, etc.
* Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CI/CD systems, etc.
* A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node (UDP, TCP, gRPC, REST, etc.).
* Understanding of Linux kernel architecture: Familiarity with device trees, bootloaders, and other kernel components.
* Experience creating infrastructure for robots or other complex embedded devices.
* Experience building scalable backend software systems with various data storage and processing requirements.
* Experience with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure), CI/CD tools, and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems).
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* Experience with modern build and deployment tooling (e.g. CircleCI, Docker, NixOS, Terraform).
* Experience designing complex software systems, and iterating upon designs via a technical design review process.
* Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices.
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
