---
title: Modeling, Simulation and Analysis Engineer, Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '4777086007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4777086007?gh_jid=4777086007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-06-30T19:49:05-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Vehicle Software : Modeling, Simulation
  & Analysis'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Flight Engineering department is part of the Air Dominance and Strike organization, we are seeking Modeling, Simulation and Analysis (MSA) Engineers to join our team. The Anduril Flight Engineering team is integral to development of flight system solutions in all domains for our warfighters. As a critical member of our team, the role of a Modeling, Simulation and Analysis (MSA) Engineer is pivotal in driving the design, development, testing, and implementation of cutting-edge flight system technologies for our aerospace systems. Anduril fosters a dynamic learning culture, characterized by accelerated knowledge acquisition through modeling, simulation, analysis, and rigorous and frequent ground and flight test experimentation. At Anduril, you will be involved in flight testing the systems you develop.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Modeling, Simulation and Analysis Engineer to join our team. As part of the team you will have the opportunity to develop, implement and maintain a sufficient fidelity virtual representations of the myriad of different vehicles Anduril works on. In this role you will be required to develop and coordinate deployment and maintenance of vehicle models and simulation instantiations for various programs on going at Anduril.

The ideal candidate has experience working on aerospace systems and understands the right fidelity of sub-system and system level modeling required to integrate with the broader flight control and mission autonomy software to support development. The role requires the individual to be proficient in vehicle/sub-system modeling and well-versed in coding practices and software integration practices. If you have a passion for flight and like the idea of building a physics based digital representation of a flying vehicle this is the role for you!  
  
**ANDURIL****PRODUCTS**  
Anduril has been selected as one of two vendors to move forward on the Collaborative Combat Aircraft (CCA) program for the Air Force's flagship autonomous aircraft program. During the next phase, Anduril will design, manufacture, and test production-representative CCAs. We are honored to be part of the program as a non-traditional defense company and are seeking highly motivated candidates to join us in the rapid development of a new, revolutionary aircraft. For more information on the latest with Anduril, visit our [Newsroom](https://www.anduril.com/newsroom/) with articles such as ["Anduril a year in review"](https://www.anduril.com/article/anduril-in-2023-a-year-in-review/) and many more. Watch this [short video](https://youtu.be/RhkEQA-Idfc?si=xtFkvfP6XoDI0qC0) showcasing our products at Anduril.  
  
Products these teams work on:   
[Fury](https://www.anduril.com/fury)  
[Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda/)  
[Roadrunner](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner/)  
[Omen](https://www.anduril.com/omen)

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Work on challenging problems in a fast-paced environment from across our portfolio of programs and products:
* Simulation solutions for Guidance, Navigation and Control algorithm development
* Software-In-The-Loop (SITL) solutions
* Hardware-In-The-Loop (HITL) solutions
* Pilot-In-The-Loop (PITL) solutions
* Customer product training solutions
* Monte-Carlo simulation analysis
* Simulation and Test data analysis tools and processes
* Work with multi-disciplinary subject matter experts to understand and adequately model pertinent sub-system, system and system of system dynamics
* Work with internal and external customers to understand simulation requirements and develop efficient modeling and simulation solutions
* Own the end-to-end configuration of our SITL, HITL, and PITL for our test vehicles in support of safe and efficient flight tests

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree or higher in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics, chemistry, or related technical discipline
* Experience with aerospace/aeronautical systems (including rotorcraft/VTOL) and/or Subsea vehicles
* Experience in flight dynamics/platform physics and control
* Proficiency with C/C++
* Advanced proficiency with scientific computing systems (Mathworks products (e.g., MATLAB, SIMULINK etc.), scientific Python (e.g., numpy, scipy)
* Flight test data processing/sim correlation experience
* Experience with developing sub-system and system level models (Air vehicle, ground vehicles, ground based sensors and other types of complex systems)
* Experience with model development to support Guidance, Navigation and Control algorithm development
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Advanced proficiency with C/C++
* Flight test support experience
* Experience with SITL and HITL simulation infrastructure design, development and deployment for complex systems
* Experience with developing emulated/simulation interfaces for on-board avionics

US Salary Range

$129,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
