---
title: ' Senior Thermal Engineer'
status: active
id: '4784016007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4784016007?gh_jid=4784016007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T22:01:58-04:00'
date: '2025-07-09T14:00:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Core Technology Products '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Thermal Engineering team's work is essential to support our rapid innovation cycle and maintain the performance and reliability of advanced defense technologies.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Sr. Thermal Analysis Engineer to work in Costa Mesa, Ca, with In-depth understanding of heat transfer and fluid dynamics.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own the thermal design and analysis of a drone, aircraft, or missile.
* Use first principles as a basis for every decision and discern the right level of analysis to apply. Execute hand calculations, spreadsheet, and MATLAB/Python first-order models to inform path forward before jumping into detailed design.
* Define good thermal architecture to withstand rugged environments and demanding flight envelopes. Define hot, cold, and any other edge cases that need to be analyzed based on industry standards and intended use.
* Work with engineers in other disciplines to document power dissipations under different operating modes.
* Communicate pros/cons of system architecture with respect to thermal considerations.
* Own the thermal FEA/CFD models and predict system performance. Define red/yellow design limits for test and operation.
* Define and execute prototype builds and tests to verify thermal designs (do CAD, select sensors and DAQ equipment, post-process data, summarize results, etc.).
* Present thermal status at formal reviews internally and with customers. Provide clear understanding of timelines and technical status.
* Develop internal tools to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of analysis.
* Support failure reviews and root-cause analysis with test data and thermal analysis.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Currently pursuing or have obtained a MS or higher degree in engineering or applied physics with focus on heat transfer and fluid dynamics
* In-depth understanding of heat transfer and fluid dynamics
* Experience in the aerospace industry and an aircraft, rocket, or missile program
* 5+ years of experience designing thermal systems for integrated hardware products
* Practical experience designing passive and active thermal management systems
* Thermal testing experience –sensor selection, data acquisition, data post-processing
* Thermal FEA experience –STAR-CCM+, ANSYS, Icepak, or Flotherm
* CAD experience with SolidWorks or Siemens NX
* Passion for defending the United States and her allies
* Be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience developing code in higher-level languages like Python or MATLAB for applications like lumped thermal capacitance steady state and transient analysis

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
