---
title: Business Operations, Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '4790841007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4790841007?gh_jid=4790841007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T12:11:25-04:00'
date: '2025-07-16T18:49:36-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Business Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The mission of Anduril’s Air Dominance and Strike Division is to fundamentally reshape the way future peer to peer conflicts are fought by developing next generation [collaborative combat aircraft](https://x.com/anduriltech/status/1984403499505864716?s=20), [advanced effects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzVD4vb5ZxU), and the software that powers these autonomous weapons. The AD&S Operations team is a small but mighty team of business generalists who enable the division to scale through hyper-growth while breaking as few things as possible.  
  
Here’s what you’ll do:

* Work cross functionally to enable the business to run efficiently, ensuring business development, engineering, and production teams have what they need when they need it to execute
* Support our corporate planning cycle by helping to build out and monitor performance against goals, financial plans, and headcount plans so we can hit our aggressive growth targets
* Translate growth signals into demand across all operational infrastructure including staffing, real estate, test ranges, classified infrastructure, and production and collaborate with cross-functional partners across Anduril to deliver
* Balance resource and execution risk against our massive growth plans, regularly monitoring financials to help guide us toward our profitability targets
* Support the business line’s governance structure from business reviews to annual planning and employee onboarding to all hands, developing and evolving information pathways as the organization scales
* Support internal team operations like new employee onboarding, all hands, internal business reviews, and other division-wide events so that we rapidly ramp new employees and maintain a culture of “doing things differently”
* Execute on special projects across staffing, finance, real estate, and other business infrastructure as they arise

Here’s who you are:

* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You’re highly detail oriented and data-driven
* You’re discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* You’re tactical and don’t only sit at a 30,000 foot level
* You have 2+ years of varied experience in an operating role at a high-growth technology company, starting a venture, or in finance or consulting
* Must be eligible to hold a US Top Secret clearance

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
