---
title: Manager - Test Automation Engineering
status: active
id: '4791848007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4791848007?gh_jid=4791848007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T22:01:58-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T17:37:50-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Engineering Services : Electrical Engineering Services'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Electrical Test Engineering team at Anduril develops test systems used to ensure the quality and reliability of our aerial and ground based systems. The team works on air vehicles such as Roadrunner, Ghost, Anvil and Fury and develop complex manufacturing test solutions to our internal manufacturing team or contract manufacturers. We work closely and cross-functionally with the rest of our Product Engineering groups that include Electrical, Mechanical and Firmware Engineering to solve and improve our manufacturing process, product quality and reliability.  
  
We are looking to bring on a Manager - Test Automation Engineering to lead, design and deliver test systems for Anduril’s electronic products. This person will work with the rest of the organization to identify gaps in test coverage and own the design and delivery of the hardware and software test solution. A strong Manager - Test Automation Engineering will need to have a proven track record of delivering turn key test solution for electronic components and systems and has a background in hardware, software, integration and sustainment.   
  
WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage a team of Electrical Test Automation Engineers fostering a culture of innovation, teamwork, and accountability within the electrical test engineering department.
* Collaborate with engineering leadership across multiple teams
* Provide Consultation with Design Engineer with DFT, provide feedback from test results to improve quality and test coverage, and resolve any problems found via test
* Define, own, and execute End of Line test plans for a set of new products and features, in collaboration with firmware, software, and hardware design teams
* Design, management, and execution of PCBA and electrical system components with hands on testing and rework as necessary
* Develop and execute strategic plans for testing capabilities, incorporating new technologies and methodologies. Lead the improvement of test systems for better automation, consistency, and efficiency.
* Execution and management of purchasing, build, integration and final commissioning of functional testers
* Manage budgets and forecast future testing needs, including personnel, equipment, and materials.
* Drive continuous improvement initiatives that result in safer workplaces, cost reduction, quality enhancement, and throughput maximization
* Serve as the technical expert and point of contact for test system issues, providing guidance and support to resolve complex problems.
* Support board bring-up and early design bench validation as needed

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* 3+ years of experience in personnel and technical management.
* 8+ years of hands on Electrical Engineering experience designing functional test equipment
* 5+ years of experience in Schematic Capture and/or PCBA layout. Experience with Altium Designer is a plus
* 5+ years of experience in scripting language to develop automation. C/C++/C#, Python, MATLAB. Experience in LabVIEW is a plus
* Advanced experience with computer hardware communication bus protocols: USB, I2C, I2S, CSI, Ethernet, SPI, PCIe, HDMI, CAN, serial comms, etc
* Understanding of lab safety protocols when working in all types of lab environment
* Familiarity and understanding of measurement analysis techniques such as Gage RR and Process Capability Analysis
* Strong Electrical Fundamentals with strong understanding both hardware and software integration of test systems
* Experience with source code revision and control. Experience with GitHub is a plus
* Proficiency in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and VISIO
* Able to obtain DOD-Secret Security Clearance or higher

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* 5+ years of experience in personnel and technical management.
* 10+ years of hands on Electrical Engineering experience designing functional test equipment
* A detail-oriented individual who strives in an environment that values effective team collaboration
* Experience in Product Release Cycle from prototype to production and key deliverables of each phase
* Hands-on experience with complex networking equipment, a deep understanding of networking protocols, test design and implementation chops and a background in IP network design
* Active Security Clearance (Secret) or higher

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
