---
title: Senior Firmware Engineer, Manufacturing Test
status: active
id: '4797357007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4797357007?gh_jid=4797357007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-07-23T14:51:52-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Production Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Senior Firmware Engineer you will develop new platforms to interact with our products at the lowest levels (I2C, SPI, CAN, UART, USB, etc). You will work within an interdisciplinary product development team, delivering a streamlined solution for test execution and automation. Your code will ensure that we are consistently shipping the highest quality products to our customers. You will build features targeted at embedded Linux, NIX, and several RTOS platforms. You will debug and solve complex data acquisition challenges in analog and digital realms. In this role you’ll need to think creatively and come up with solutions to solve difficult testing problems and push to continuously improve our methods of automation, throughput, user interfaces, and data analytics.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build things that test things. Utilize your expertise in firmware/software development to anticipate failure modes and build code for host/client verification of form, fit, function.
* Develop low-level firmware/software for microcontroller platforms interfacing to robots, or control algorithms for OTS Data acquisition tools.
* Build capability for device side validation of system-level features, utilizing SSH, gRPC, while creating or leveraging existing debug tools.
* Quickly debug and troubleshoot issues that span the electrical, firmware, and software boundaries, and transfer that process to automated test and failure analysis SOPs for production line staff.
* Engage in DFT/DFM reviews with electrical engineering and product firmware teams.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS or MS in CS/CE/EE or equivalent industry experience
* 8+ years of relevant industry experience
* Strong C coding ability for embedded systems
* Experience integrating microcontrollers with analog and digital sensors
* Experience developing firmware in bare-metal, RTOS environments, and embedded Linux
* Solid understanding and application of coding best practices, board bring up and debugging
* Some familiarity with common bus protocols such as USB, SPI, I2C, CAN, RS232, RS485, Ethernet, etc.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years of relevant industry experience.
* Bring up and Debug expertise for new designs, comfortable with low and high-speed interfaces
* Strong fundamentals for data acquisition and analysis (FFT, Bode, control loops)
* Experience with one or more microcontroller cores (ARM, AVR, MSP430, PIC, etc.)
* Experience with embedded Linux development and deployment process
* Debugging skills with JTAG, SWD, Oscilloscopes, and Logic analyzers
* Have a bias for action. If you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it
* Be naturally curious about the technologies and tools you use

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
