---
title: Systems Engineering Lead, Air Vehicle Systems
status: active
id: '4801617007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4801617007?gh_jid=4801617007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-08-05T16:21:07-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Engineering : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **WHY WE'RE HERE:**

The systems engineering team is looking for experienced Systems Engineering Lead to support a Group 5 aircraft program at Anduril. The ideal candidate will have experience leading a team of systems engineering working on air vehicle systems. Ideally they have worked with complex unmanned aerial systems (UAS), and will have a strong background in systems engineering for unmanned platforms.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

#### We are hiring a Lead Systems Engineer with a background in air vehicle systems to support ongoing development of a group 5 autonomous aircraft.

* Shape customer needs into air vehicle and subsystem requirements in collaboration with multidisciplinary teams.
* Develop System Engineering artifacts, including system model, to trace from stakeholder inputs through design in a digital thread. Incorporate input from system safety, software engineering, and other disciplines to shape system architecture and support airworthiness certification.
* Communicate and manage program risks in conjunction with Chief Engineer and Program Management.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* B.S. in aerospace, mechanical, computer science or similar engineering or technical field
* 10+ years Engineering Experience across the life cycle for an UAS with specific focus on aircraft systems
* 3+ years of leading a systems engineering team working on air vehicle systems
* Familiarity and experience with the following standards and handbooks: MIL-HDBK-516C, MIL-STD-882E, ARP-4761, ARP-4754A, DO-178C, DO-254, MIL-STD-881
* Experience developing subsystem requirements and interfaces; including mission systems
* Experience on mature Aircraft development programs including operational testing and airworthiness certification.
* Experience with SysML, DoDAF, UAFP, or similar
* Experience developing various model based system engineering artifacts - Operational Viewpoints, System Viewpoints, activity diagrams, use case diagrams, BDDs, IBDs, parametric diagrams, etc...
* Outstanding communication skills to include presentation of developed artifacts
* Must hold an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with Cameo MagicDraw or similar systems engineering software
* Experience with Digital Engineering workflows and Integrated Modeling Environments (i.e. Teamwork Cloud)
* Demonstrated High ownership and autonomy across the end-to-end systems engineering lifecycle.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
