---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Test Analytics
status: active
id: '4803082007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4803082007?gh_jid=4803082007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-08-01T12:22:29-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Digital Manufacturing'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Digital Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Test Analytics to join our team. The Digital Manufacturing team plays a pivotal role in optimizing manufacturing operations through the implementation and management of advanced digital solutions. The team ensures that manufacturing processes are efficient, scalable, and integrated with the latest industry standards.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

The Senior Manufacturing Engineer will work to democratize production and test data within the Manufacturing organization. We are looking for you to enable data driven decision making by diving deep into analysis and generating dashboarding tools. You will lead the way in developing industry-leading analytical tools, and work to empower manufacturing personnel to uncover data stories on their own while paving the way for future automation.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Data Analysis and Reporting:

+ Collect, clean, and analyze manufacturing data to identify trends and anomalies.
+ Develop and maintain dashboards to visualize key performance indicators (KPIs) and other critical metrics.
+ Provide regular reports and insights to stakeholders.

* Process Engineering:

+ Collaborate with product and manufacturing test teams to implement analytical best-practices and drive quality of collected data.
+ Utilize data-driven approaches to recommend and implement process improvements - tools such as GR&R, MSA, and RSA.
+ Monitor the impact of implemented changes and refine strategies as needed.

* Continuous Improvement:

+ Stay up-to-date with the latest data analysis and visualization tools and techniques.
+ Launch analytical platforms that facilitate decision-making and support test automation
+ Participate in continuous improvement initiatives and contribute to the development of best practices.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, or related field.
* 8+ years of experience as a Data Analyst, preferably in a manufacturing environment.
* Proficiency in data analysis tools and programming languages (e.g., Python, R, JMP, SQL).
* Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI, Grafana).
* Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Master’s degree in a related field.
* 10+ years of experience as a Data Analyst, preferably in a manufacturing environment.
* Experience with statistical analysis and process improvement methodologies (e.g., Six Sigma, Lean Manufacturing).
* Familiarity with manufacturing execution systems (MES) and enterprise resource planning (ERP) software.
* Knowledge of machine learning techniques and their application in manufacturing.
* Experience with cloud-based data platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure).

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
