---
title: Software Engineer, Test Infrastructure & Simulation
status: active
id: '4834412007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4834412007?gh_jid=4834412007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T13:11:17-04:00'
date: '2025-08-20T14:02:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Tactical Recon & Strike Engineering : TRS Software -
  Testing Infra & Sim'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### THE ROLE

This position is on the TRS Core Infrastructure team and will be focused on building the infrastructure to field TRS Products such as Altius, Ghost, Bolt and Anvil. Our charter is to provide the foundation for teams across Anduril to deploy cutting edge TRS autonomy and to tie it all together into an easy-to-use product. The solutions that you will create address the current needs of our customers and will have immediate impact towards the success of our products.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Design, build, test, and release the testing infrastructure used during development & validation of Anduril Products including Software in the Loop (SITL) and Hardware in the Loop (HITL).
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate automated testing best practices into the software development lifecycle.
* Build tools in Python to facilitate development, testing, and release.
* Develop and maintain continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines.
* Interface with engineers developing every aspect of the system from low-level Linux drivers to cutting edge autonomy and streamlined user interfaces.
* Ensure that the testing infrastructure is robust and ready to facilitate the rapid development needed to keep pace with emerging product needs.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* At least 3+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Python, Rust, C++, Go, etc.
* Want to work on building the tools that engineers and technicians will use to ensure that Anduril products are ready to be deployed.
* Experience with modern build and deployment tooling (e.g. CircleCI, Docker, NixOS, Terraform).
* Are passionate about developer experience and always strive to provide the most streamlined testing pipeline.
* Have an intuition for finding solutions to complex problems that involve multiple first and third party technologies (related to simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, networking, and more).
* Enjoy collaborating with team members and partners in the autonomy domain, and building technologies and processes which enable engineers to rapidly develop and test autonomous systems at scale.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You've built or invented something: an app, a website, game, startup.
* Previous experience working in an engineering setting: a startup (or startup-like environment), engineering school, etc.
* Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CI/CD systems, etc.
* A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node (UDP, TCP, gRPC, REST, etc.).
* Have built user interfaces using popular frontend frameworks (React, PySide, etc.).
* Experience creating automated Software in the Loop (SITL) and Hardware in the Loop (HITL) tests for robotics or embedded products.
* Experience building scalable backend software systems with various data storage and processing requirements.
* Experience with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure), CI/CD tools, and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems).
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* Experience designing complex software systems, and iterating upon designs via a technical design review process.
* Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices.
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
