---
title: Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '4843948007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4843948007?gh_jid=4843948007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T17:14:57-04:00'
date: '2025-10-01T10:32:15-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS: Air Defense Engineering : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Air Defense team builds robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense Team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) threats. Working across product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems (FoS) in challenging operational environments worldwide.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking to hire a Systems Engineer to join our rapid growing team in Irvine, CA. The Air Defense team has the most complex capability that Anduril has fielded to date. Each deployment often comes with a unique combination of hardware and software products in various configurations, targeting different mission sets, and optimized for different customer expectations. We need systems engineers who are capable of internalizing the nuances of each deployment and owning the technical success of the end-to-end solution we ship.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead the capture of requirements and capabilities for system integrations
* Lead the integration of emerging capabilities, bringing new products into the family of systems. This may include scoping and executing on a combination of hardware and software solutions, both internal and external to the company.
* Lead requirements decomposition across cross-functional teams, defining success in the face of ambiguity.
* Responsible for scoping ideal system laydown, scrutinizing system performance, and ensuring the deployed system is meeting customer requirements. Also responsible for making tradeoffs across capability, timelines, risk, cost, and other factors to deliver an outcome.
* Own systems end to end with the ability to identify and solve problems between the seams and push through to reach an ultimate outcome

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 4-6 years of hardware and software systems engineering experience.
* Degree in Engineering, Physics, Robotics, Mathematics, or a related field.
* Demonstrated use of model based systems engineering in program lifecycle.
* Experience with tools such as: JAMA, Cameo, Matlab, Simulink, AFSIM.
* Experience with programming languages such as Python, C/C++, or Rust for analysis and simulation.
* Skilled in Statistics, AI/ML, MBSE, Requirements.
* Demonstrated proficiency in the application of engineering standards into engineering processes or requirements.
* Demonstrated experience collaborating across cross-functional teams.
* Comfortable working with ambiguity, evolving priorities, and challenging problems.
* Excellent communication and presentation skills.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.
* Up to 75% travel to customer sites.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Familiarity with Linux OS. Comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools.
* Familiarity with Tactical Data Links (TDL), Link 16, including design, integration, and test
* Previous experience in a defense, naval, or aerospace environment.
* Experience with any of the following: robotics, autonomous systems, radar, optics, computer vision, wireless communication, software defined radios, networking.
* Exceptional proficiency with Python and/or MATLAB for data parsing and data visualization.

### 

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
