---
title: Regional Train and Advise Lead, Middle East
status: active
id: '4854889007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4854889007?gh_jid=4854889007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T11:56:43-04:00'
date: '2026-01-06T13:16:09-05:00'
location: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Training & Adoption'
offices:
- Abu Dhabi, UAE
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are seeking an exceptional and highly experienced **Regional Train and Advise Lead** with deep cultural competence in the Middle East region. This unique role is designed for an operational leader who can seamlessly bridge command and staff level advising with hands-on technical deployment, integration, training, and operational support. You will be instrumental in ensuring the successful implementation, strategic adoption, and sustained utilization of our advanced Air Defense and Counter-Intrusion systems across critical stakeholders throughout the region. Leveraging extensive regional knowledge, established networks, cross-cultural communication, and comfort with technology, you will advise senior leadership on the effective employment of autonomous systems, foster essential relationships, and contribute to successful rapid deployment, integration, and mission planning of Anduril’s family of systems. This role demands a rare blend of diplomatic acumen, proven experience building effective partner relationships, and train the trainer competency.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Oversee delivery of comprehensive technical training** tailored for Middle East military users at all levels, including Train the Trainer courses, operational playbooks, and localized materials in regional languages to ensure proficiency and accelerated system adoption.
* **Conduct operational needs assessments** to identify training requirements, capability gaps, and opportunities for enhanced system utilization, while tracking adoption metrics and user feedback for continuous improvement.
* **Build and maintain strategic relationships** with military leadership, operational staff, and end-users, serving as a trusted liaison between Anduril and regional partners to facilitate effective communication and collaboration.
* **Provide operational advisory support** on mission planning, CONOPs, SOPs, and TTPs, mentoring regional partners to ensure sustained adoption and expert utilization of Anduril systems in line with their organizational structures and workflows.
* **Serve as the regional subject matter expert**, ensuring cultural sensitivity and strategic alignment while identifying emerging opportunities, risks, and evolving requirements that impact program success across the Middle East.
* **Support rapid system deployment** in austere and operationally demanding environments, troubleshooting technical issues and ensuring maximum uptime during critical operations.
* **Gather and translate field feedback** from customers into actionable requirements for engineering and product teams, proactively identifying technical risks and advocating for solutions that meet regional demands.
* **Collaborate cross-functionally** with Mission Operations, Engineering, Product, and Growth teams to ensure Middle East operational insights inform site surveys, product roadmaps, and service offerings.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Fluency in Arabic required.
* Demonstrable experience operating within the Middle East region, with a significant portion in a train and advise, liaison, field engineering, system integration, and/or foreign engagement capacity.
* Extensive experience navigating complex interagency, international, and cross-cultural environments, with an emphasis on defense related train and advise support to foreign militaries.
* Demonstrated success in building and maintaining high-level relationships with government, military, and operators in Middle East including experience briefing senior government and military staff on operational and strategic matters.
* Experience leading and conducting training for militaries in the region.
* Familiarity with training design, delivery, and dynamic presentation skills for diverse audiences.
* Ability to travel extensively throughout the Middle East region and internationally.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience as a foreign area officer, military advisory group, or other security cooperation element.
* Expertise in Counter-Unmanned Aerial Systems (CUAS) principles and capabilities.
* Experience with Air Defense technology including autonomous systems, advanced C2 systems, electronic warfare.
* Experience with hands-on technical deployment, integration, configuration, and troubleshooting of hardware and software systems.
* Formal education in engineering, security studies, international relations or other related field.
* Completion of military exchange at a national command and staff college in the region.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
