---
title: Manager, Manufacturing Test Software
status: active
id: '4862602007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4862602007?gh_jid=4862602007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-11T14:15:03-05:00'
location: Bellevue, Washington, United States; Mountain View, California, United States;
  Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Production Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

As the Manager of Manufacturing Test Software Engineering, your role encompasses the strategic oversight and tactical management of production systems to support high-volume products across the Anduril portfolio. You are charged with ensuring rigorous testing protocols are in place, resulting in the consistent delivery of superior quality products to our customers. Furthermore, your leadership guarantees the fulfillment of manufacturing's test throughput requirements. This position demands an innovative approach to resolving complex testing challenges, advancing scalability, and enhancing our automation, throughput, user interfaces, and data analytics methodologies.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Direct the manufacturing software test engineering team, set objectives, guide initiatives, and assess team outcomes.
* Architect and oversee the manufacturing software test strategy for each product to ensure scalable operations across Anduril, transitioning from pre-production to full-scale output.
* Strategize and implement advancements in manufacturing testing, focusing on automation, uniformity, and operational streamlining.
* Evaluate test data, compile findings, and identify opportunities for product and process enhancements.
* Communicate strategic visions to key stakeholders, guiding the scaling of platforms from pre-production (LRIP) through to mass production (FRP).
* Collaborate with product development for design testability, ensuring seamless production integration.
* Lead the procurement and implementation of new test equipment, performing cost-benefit and ROI analyses as needed.
* Champion initiatives that enhance safety, reduce costs, improve quality, and increase productivity through testing.
* Cultivate a culture focused on innovation, collaboration, and accountability in the engineering department.
* Act as the go-to technical authority for manufacturing test matters, advising on and troubleshooting complex issues.
* Design proactive maintenance and calibration protocols for manufacturing test equipment.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field.
* Minimum of 5 years of relevant industry experience leading manufacturing test engineering.
* Expertise in Linux, C#, Python, and NixOS.
* Solid experience with PCBA/electronic assembly testing and knowledge of testing standards.
* Proficiency in using electronic test equipment.
* Strong analytical skills for root cause analysis of non-conforming hardware.
* Familiar with Product Life Cycle (PLM) systems, Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES), and Test Execution Systems (TES)
* Experience in managing projects that integrate electrical, mechanical, and software/firmware systems.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Advanced degree in a relevant engineering discipline.
* Demonstrated ability to lead the development of manufacturing test systems and teams.
* Proficiency in LabVIEW, MATLAB, and test automation.
* Knowledge of PCBA design, mechanical design, and ESS testing.
* Familiarity with various hardware communication protocols.
* Experience with HASS & ESS-related testing (Thermal, Vibration, etc.)
* Active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
