---
title: Senior MRB Engineer
status: active
id: '4865804007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4865804007?gh_jid=4865804007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-09-08T13:42:43-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Autonomous Airpower Engineering '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking a Senior Material Review Board (MRB) Engineer to join our Fury Team in Columbus, Ohio. The MRB Engineer will be responsible for managing disposition of nonconformances, conducting engineering analysis, and ensuring compliance with quality standards and design intent. This role is crucial for supporting production efficiency and maintaining product integrity throughout the manufacturing process. The MRB Engineer will act as the on-site technical liaison between production operations, design, and quality.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Review and assess nonconformance reports (NCRs) and coordinate with cross-functional teams to determine the disposition of nonconforming materials.
* Provide dispositions for minor variance conditions on completed aircraft, major assemblies, and detail level components. Coordinate with vendor design authorities for disposition of supplier designed components.
* Own the Material Review Board (MRB) process for evaluating production escapes and deviations.
* Conduct root cause analysis on nonconformance issues, identifying underlying problems and recommending corrective actions.
* Support investigations and root cause analysis to ensure timely resolution of quality issues impacting production.
* Collaborate with engineering, production, and quality teams to ensure alignment on inspection & repair methods and compliance with relevant standards.
* Maintain accurate records of nonconformance cases, dispositions, and MRB activities.
* Prepare and present reports on nonconformance trends and metrics to management and stakeholders.
* Drive process improvements based on findings from nonconformance reviews, audits, and customer feedback.
* Participate in quality system audits to ensure compliance and identify opportunities for enhancement.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelors Degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, Manufacturing, or Materials Engineering
* 5+ years of experience in engineering roles, preferably within an aerospace or defense manufacturing environment.
* Excellent understanding of MRB processes and nonconformance management.
* Strong problem-solving and analytical skills with attention to detail.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Knowledge of quality management systems (QMS) and relevant standards (e.g., AS9100, ISO9001).
* Experience with root cause analysis techniques and quality improvement methodologies.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Previous MRB Experience
* Experience in design, analysis, assembly, or repair roles
* Experience on aircraft production line
* Understanding of stress analysis techniques

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
