---
title: Senior Manufacturing Test Engineer
status: active
id: '4865788007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4865788007?gh_jid=4865788007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-09-08T13:37:58-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Autonomous Airpower Engineering '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking a Sr Manufacturing Test Engineer to join our Fury Launch Team (FLT) in Columbus, Ohio. This role will focus on developing, implementing, and executing test procedures for aircraft systems and components, ensuring compliance with performance and safety standards. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in testing methodologies and aerospace manufacturing processes.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design and develop test plans, procedures, and automated test systems for aircraft components and systems.
* Validate and deploy test systems on the production line to ensure compliance with product specifications.
* Conduct testing on aircraft systems and components, documenting results and ensuring compliance with quality standards.
* Analyze test data to identify trends, issues, and areas for improvement.
* Perform root cause analysis on any discrepancies or failures during testing.
* Collaborate with engineering and production teams to implement corrective actions and preventive measures.
* Identify opportunities for process improvements in testing methodologies and equipment.
* Implement best practices to enhance testing efficiency and reliability.
* Maintain thorough documentation of test procedures, results, and compliance with regulatory standards.
* Prepare and present test reports to stakeholders and project teams.
* Work closely with cross-functional teams to support troubleshooting and failure analysis.
* Provide technical support and training to production personnel regarding test equipment and procedures.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelors Degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, Electrical, or Manufacturing Engineering
* 7+ years of experience in production test engineering or a related role, preferably in the aerospace industry.
* Strong understanding of testing methodologies and practices in an aerospace manufacturing environment.
* Proficient in root cause analysis and problem-solving techniques.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity with test automation tools and software.
* Understanding of electrical and mechanical systems used in aircraft production.
* Experience with low observable (LO) and survivability testing is a plus.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
