---
title: Director, Business Development
status: active
id: '4865496007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4865496007?gh_jid=4865496007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-03T17:08:20-05:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : APAC Capture'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The **Business Development (BD)** team, within Anduril’s Growth **organisation**, is responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing new opportunities and capabilities for the company. In order to meet current and future client needs, the team must deeply understand the users pain points, how current solutions fail to address existing gaps, and how Anduril products can deliver more effective mission outcomes. BD team members serve as the bridge between clients and the broader Anduril team; they convey client perspectives to other teams across the enterprise while also serving as the Anduril brand ambassador externally. They partner extensively with Anduril Business Lines and Operations teams to ensure that Anduril products exceed client expectations and mission demands, and to drive continuous product improvements in response to ever-changing client needs and operating environments.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Generate and capture business opportunities.** The BD team is ultimately responsible for growing revenue. This is achieved by developing a deep understanding of the existing and prospective client base, knowing the current or planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, and being cognizant of the competitive landscape. This expertise will inform capture strategies, revenue forecasts, and aid in technology development plans. Tactically, you will manage continuous engagements with current and future clients, generate growth strategies, and monitor buying cycles for opportunities.
* **Grow existing business**. You will partner with our Operations teams, which executes existing contracts, to grow business with current clients. This does not simply include expanding upon current work, but also leveraging existing partnerships to explore new areas of work or opportunities by sustaining and building upon the strong foundation of those client relationships.
* **Communicate our value to clients.** BD team members represent Anduril to a broad audience: clients, partners, competitors, and the interested public. You must project the company’s ethos, conveying insights that illustrate our approach to building next-generation defense technology and our competitive edges in doing so.
* **Inform product development.** As you will often be the first Anduril employee to engage a client, you are charged with translating their problem set back into our engineering organization. The team must trust your value judgement and assessment of the required mission outcome as you interpret and convey various client needs. Internally, you will provide the necessary clarity to inform priorities, keep Anduril stakeholders informed, determine key milestones, and proactively providing clear communications to appropriate levels of the company. Your assessment of clients’ needs will inform new product decisions, and your ongoing engagement with clients will yield crucial input that helps Anduril ensure our product suite is best-in-class.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Must be able to hold a NV2 Australian security clearance. TSPV is desired.
* Ability to travel to meet with customers and support activities.
* Must be able to work effectively as part of an integrated, international team.
* Robust knowledge of Australia legal frameworks as it relates to defense and technology projects.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience leading, developing and preparing responses to Commonwealth approaches to market.
* Experience with complex defence systems involving hardware and software.
* Sound understanding of government business development, contract structures, and proposal processes.
* Comfortable working in limited resource environments.
* Comfortable setting and achieving goals in a complex environment.
* Prior military experience.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
