---
title: Senior Program Manager, Japan
status: active
id: '4869081007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4869081007?gh_jid=4869081007
lastmod: '2026-06-16T22:26:21-04:00'
date: '2025-11-23T22:34:53-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Tokyo, Japan (TKY-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM:**

The Connected Warfare division provides the joint, time-sensitive, multi-domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystem built from hardware, software, and partners to solve mission command problems. This mesh powers applications and unifies Anduril capabilities that provide mission command to the warfighter and facilitate real-time decisions at the tactical, operational, and strategic level of war. This ecosystem enables disproportionate impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of endpoints across the planet. It transforms the way militaries close kill chains and leverage mission autonomy, and it enables developers to build experiences in a connected mesh ecosystem.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**

As a Program Manager (PM), you will orchestrate the development and delivery of complex software and hardware products, ensuring alignment with client needs and company growth strategies. This role requires a unique blend of technical expertise, program management experience, and an understanding of the defense sector. You will work closely with engineering, product, business, and government stakeholders to deliver innovative solutions that meet the needs of our customers and partners.

**RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Serve as the local customer interface to ensure Anduril’s Connected Warfare capabilities are well represented and aligned to Japan’s Ministry of Defense challenges and opportunities, working in partnership with Anduril’s in-region Growth team
* Provide Project Management and Contract Lead roles working directly with Japan Ministry of Defense customers and partners to develop and deploy Anduril C2 integrated hardware-software products to meet customer and operational needs
* Own the delivery of contract deliverables to include developing and implementing measures of performance and effectiveness, writing technical reports, and creating user engagement roadmaps
* Responsible for monitoring Anduril C2 product connectivity, function, and integration with customers
* Design and implement user feedback loops to gather, triage, and prioritize requirements, feedback, and issues found through the employment of Anduril Connected Warfare products during customer training, exercises, and normal use
* Develop and contribute to a streamlined user feedback and engagement system, which could include issue tracking, training sessions, refreshers, and focused preparation for exercises and events
* Provide input to program and engineering teams to drive the development of product features and configurations that enhance or greatly improve efficiency of user workflows and employment of Anduril Connected Warfare products
* Support engagements with Australia Department of Defence customers and key alliance partners to integrate and accelerate Anduril product adoption across INDOPACOM

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Proven customer-facing technical program management experience, preferably in the defense, national security, or aerospace domains. With the ability to create and maintain professional relationships with senior level Japanese customers and partners.
* Solid technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, software development lifecycle, challenges and risks; ability to work closely and effectively with engineering teams.
* Ability to work with internal and external stakeholders, across a wide range of technical comfort
* Experience in translating and decomposing highly technical concepts into operational requirements and performance specifications
* Authorization to work and reside in Japan
* “Onsite" candidates only
* Fluent in Japanese and English. Fluency in Japanese culture, customs and language
* Ability to travel to meet with customers and support activities with the willingness to travel 50%

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Familiarity with doctrinal, functional, and technical command and control concepts, principles, and processes
* Experience with defence ICT systems (secret system preferred), tactical data links, and defence C4 systems strongly preferred
* Technical expertise and demonstrated performance in one or more of the following areas: networking, cloud technologies, and/or application development

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
