---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer, Space
status: active
id: '4871756007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4871756007?gh_jid=4871756007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-09-12T17:26:53-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

This position involves working in a multi-disciplinary environment on the design, fabrication and flight testing of advanced payloads for Space. We are interested in candidates that are excited to work on new projects from conceptualization through production.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Work with EE Manager and Systems Engineer to develop requirements
* Create a Block Diagram of the proposed design
* Make a Schematic for the design in Altium
* Simulation of the circuit design
* Perform Layout or work with a Layout Engineer to design the PCB
* Generate Drawings and Documentation for the design
* Perform Design Validation Testing (DVT) on the finished PCBA
* Support testing and test development
* Debug support

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of relevant experience
* B.S. in Electrical or Computer Engineering or equivalent
* Team player with strong organization and communication skills
* Experience with schematic design
* Experience performing board bring-up
* Experience performing schematic reviews
* Ability to work independently under tight deadlines with minimal supervision, delivering quality results in fast-paced environments.
* Experience developing checklists and procedures for developed designs
* Experience developing technical drawings and documentation
* Experience with power circuit design and implementation
* Familiarity with lab equipment (DMM, O-Scope, Power Supply, etc)
* Must be authorized to work in the United States

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Schematic and layout design in Altium
* Experience performing PDN analysis
* Experience with differential pair routing and debugging
* Proficient in soldering
* Knowledge of common communication busses (I2C, SPI, UART, RS-422/485, Eth, PCIe)
* 3+ years of experience in New Space

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
