---
title: Experimental Test Pilot, Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '4871750007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4871750007?gh_jid=4871750007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T05:21:20-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T15:23:55-04:00'
location: Victorville, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- Victorville, CA (VTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a real-time, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.  
  
At Anduril we are developing unmanned aerial systems capable of terminal guidance, long range intelligence collection, precision relative and global navigation, and unsupervised autonomy. The Test and Evaluation team works across the entire spectrum of products ranging from Lattice Ghost UAS, Sentry Tower, cUAS, missile, Fury and many of our other platforms.  
  
As a Experimental Test Pilot, you will support the development and field testing of Anduril’s Unmanned Aerial System products. In this position you will prepare aircraft for flight, conduct flight tests of the aircraft as the test pilot, and support the test engineering team during product development through the life of the developmental aircraft.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* As a Test Pilot for the Fury developmental aircraft system you will be involved in Design Reviews and working groups.
* As an experimental test pilot, you will often pushing the boundaries of what is considered safe or normal flight.
* You will help develop system test procedures and be directly involved in laboratory environment and surrogate open-air environment testing.
* You will be expected to perform as a guiding member within the Test and Evaluation team and regularly interface with the Director of Flight Operations, Head of Test, Chief Engineer, Lead Flight Test Engineer, and customer representatives.
* You are directly responsible for the safe flight of the aircraft and will hold an advisory position on various safety reviews, design reviews, and Airworthiness reviews.
* You will be directly involved with ground and flight testing of developmental aircraft to determine compliance with specification, validation of Airworthiness and operational suitability.
* You will work side-by-side with the Flight Test Engineers and Discipline Engineers to develop safe, effective and efficient test procedures, evaluate system and test safety, and verify the functional design of the system.
* You will be expected to participate in flight operations efforts and support the direction of the flight test program.
* You will work with other test pilots to approve cockpit configuration, author flight procedures, develop and verify emergency procedures, and be directly involved with test team and control room training.
* In preparation for ground and flight testing you will be an reviewer of test procedures, flight test plans, flight test cards, operating limitations, flight test schedules, flight test support documents, and ground handling documents.
* You will attend system design and configuration control meetings and provide input to work through and decide on opening or closure/solutions for change requests. You will use your knowledge of the total system design and program requirements to determine change priority, timeline and test verification requirements leading up to software releases and aircraft block changes.
* Faced with technical and execution challenges, you will be expected to develop creative solutions to unique problems. You will be biased for action — you are empowered to engage your team to solve and fix any problem you encounter.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Graduate of a U.S. military test pilot school (TPS), or meet DCMAINST 8210.1 series alternate education and experience qualifications for contractor UA pilot/operator
* 10+ years flight test experience, including first flight of new aircraft and envelope expansion.
* 1,000 hours Pilot-in-Command time or 500 hours in unmanned aircraft.
* Qualifying hours must Include 200 hours of Pilot-in-Command time during engineering flight test, and 10 hours during experimental flight test.
* Commercial pilot certificate with Instrument rating
* FAA Class 2 Medical, maintained annually
* Ability to travel as required to support off-site aircraft testing.
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly; apply them accurately; organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; and, determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems.
* Must have strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills, with emphasis on technical subjects and the authoring of numerous technical documents which support the safe operation of the aircraft.
* Experience providing direct support authoring flight manuals and technical documentation necessary to operate developmental aircraft, and delivering configuration controlled publications to the customer.
* Specialized training and experience in flying and evaluating new or significantly modified aircraft, systems, or technologies.
* Strong computer and technical software experience (JIRA, MS Office, Jama, and Nominal).
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team; able to perform complex tasks
* Able to work extended and irregular hours.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 15+ years experience as a test pilot working with developmental aircraft
* 2,000 hours Pilot-in-Command time or 500 hours in unmanned aircraft.
* US Military Weapons School Graduate
* ATP certificate with Class 1 medical.
* Masters in Aerospace Engineering, or engineering related technical discipline
* Previous experience as PIC of high performance turbine aircraft, especially tactical military aircraft.
* Previous experience as a Test Pilot on a manned or large UAS aircraft
* First flight experience on a developmental manned or large UAS aircraft
* Certified Flight Instructor / Instrument

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
