---
title: Senior Battery Engineer, BMS
status: active
id: '4873664007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4873664007?gh_jid=4873664007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T22:01:58-04:00'
date: '2025-09-12T12:52:46-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Engineering Services : Battery Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking an experienced Systems Engineer with expertise in energy storage subsystem development. Looking for a self-starter with technical experience in defense, aerospace, industrial or electrification industries to apply their skills to meet Anduril’s unique set of challenges. This individual will be responsible for energy storage development and systems engineering, from concept to production, while ensuring alignment with strategic business goals supporting the AD&S team. The engineer could also be involved in managing key vendor relationships, and ensuring performance and reliability in our cutting-edge technologies.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Drive end-to-end energy storage system (ESS) development on extremely accelerated timelines
* Collaborate with program teams to define actionable ESS requirements from user story/CONOPs
* Execute and/or deliver the following ESS development artifacts/steps:
* ESS requirements, battery cell selection and validation
* Familiarity with ESS architecture and design concepts
* Battery management system (BMS) requirements, BMS HW and FW/SW design, BMS SW feature plan/roadmap, BMS validation plan at bench and HIL level
* Cell, module, and pack level validation plan. Support bring-up, test, debug, and vehicle integration
* Ramp plan from development units to production
* Sustain fielded ESSs with root cause analysis and data processing, drive countermeasures/design updates as needed

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or fundamental Physical Sciences with applied application focus on energy storage technologies, with 5+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting energy storage systems.
* Competence with battery test equipment such as cell and pack cyclers, thermal chambers, battery health testers (EIS, ACIR, hi-pot, megger, etc)
* One of the following: 1) Experience BMS programming cell modeling tools 2) Electrical circuit design/integrations experience.
* Familiarity with common electrochemical energy storage materials, technologies and boundaries of operation
* Knowledge of modern battery management system capabilities and requirements in HW and SW/FW
* Experience in battery characterization methods: mission profile validation, equivalent-circuit model characterization, cycle/calendar life assessment, safety features, etc.
* Understanding of UN38.3, NAVSEA S9310 and/or equivalent (UL, IEC) battery safety standards
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Graduate Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or fundamental Physical Sciences with a focus on energy storage technologies
* Understanding and familiarity with MIL-STD-882, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-704, MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-464
* Demonstrated experience in delivering robust, high-performance, energy storage systems with substantial technical ownership/contributions
* Demonstrated experience in battery testing, modeling, controls, and BMS integration/operation

US Salary Range

$132,000—$213,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
