---
title: Senior Manufacturing Development Engineer
status: active
id: '4905702007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4905702007?gh_jid=4905702007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-09-17T17:22:30-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Development team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer to join our team. The team defines the ‘What’, ‘When’, ‘Why’ and ‘How’ for manufacturing, from advanced manufacturing engineering to NPI to manufacturing operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

This role includes championing Design for Manufacturing (DFM, DFA, DFx), reviewing and consulting on manufacturing plans for complex systems, and supporting manufacturing development on strategic programs. If you are excited to distill Anduril’s vision for production and the manufacturing lifecycle into actionable initiatives and deploy them across manufacturing teams and sites, this role is for you. 

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Define, lead and manage manufacturing engineering and operations initiatives from ideation through targeted pilots and broad roll-out.
* Collaborate closely with engineers and technicians to deeply understand their pain points, needs, and the intricacies of their workflows.
* Champion best practices across global manufacturing engineering teams. Define and share what good looks like via lunch and learns, templates, etc.
* Facilitate early engagement with cross-functional teams including product design, supply chain, business line, configuration management, quality, and EHS.
* Own new business processes for manufacturing engineering and industrial engineering. Balance standardization with adaptability for scalable, high-impact solutions.
* Identify areas of improvement on programs and provide actionable recommendations. Provide guidance on feasibility and risk for new manufacturing projects
* Align manufacturing engineering milestones with integrated program schedule.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, manufacturing operations, design engineering, digital manufacturing, program management, or engineering transformation.
* 6+ years of experience overall in relevant domains.
* Extensive experience collaborating with stakeholders to implement or improve products, tools, or manufacturing processes (especially involving product integration).
* Proven experience successfully transitioning new products and/or production systems from development to full-scale production.
* Business impact mindset and a process thinker.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8 – 10+ years experience in relevant domains.
* Experience leading organizational change.
* Experience from engineering to production with deep knowledge of development, co-design, and engineering phases of product lifecycle.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
