---
title: Staff Product Quality Engineer
status: active
id: '4905256007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4905256007?gh_jid=4905256007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T14:20:51-04:00'
date: '2025-09-25T18:44:42-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Product Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As the **Staff** **Product Quality Engineer** for actuators, you will lead all aspect of the actuators quality activities and team to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable products. This role focuses on our Core Technology products specifically in electro-mechanical actuators with career growth to any of our products in the development stages. The right person for this role is a team leader and a technical leader who has expertise in mechanical design, design for robustness, design for manufacturability, product development, metrology (GD&T), and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality products, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Manage a team of product quality engineers and interface closely with product engineering, manufacturing engineering, production team and supplier quality team.
* Drive product development to achieve quality experience for the actuators by leading technical design reviews, process development, verification, validation, and qualification of processes and parts, and the assembly itself.
* Drive clarity & resolution for development ambiguities associated with product maturity, process stability, and field performance that impact the product meeting it’s quality & reliability goals for volume production.
* Drive quality controls and assurance throughout production phases; develop metrics to uphold the highest level of first pass yield and continuous scrap reduction.
* Champion the transition from new product introduction (NPI) to a sustainable & predictable, high rate manufacturing process and supply chain.
* Own product design risk management to ensure robustness and to improve reliability across the product lifecycle. Engage in quality activities from concept through development and manufacturing to field use.
* Own product quality end-to-end from incoming components, subsystems, and the end-product assembly from early design phase to field sustainment.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap from quality perspective.
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Establish metrics quality metrics and develop a strategy to ensure best in class quality performance.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Support investigations, initiatives, and projects as needed, at the team or organization level.
* Responsible for root cause analysis and associated characterization/sensitivity test development.
* Support supplier quality visits to the supply base to consistently improve process quality and drive down cost of poor quality.
* Develop and implement manufacturing requirements, quality standards, and product quality plans per category of component (castings, forgings, machined parts, electromechanical systems).  
  Cross functional leadership through design, manufacturing, quality, and reliability engineering to analyze process capability potential from the early design phase and direct design decisions based on data.
* Lead and conduct DOE’s (Design Of Experiments) to support design and process improvements.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* Experience in Mechanical Engineering designs, Product development, product launches, manufacturing engineering and Quality in automotives, aerospace/defense or similar electro-mechanical hardware systems.
* Expertise in technical design review and quality management of PCBA, avionics, systems integration, and mechanical systems.
* Experience DFMEA’s & PFMEA’s for new products to define and manage design and process risks while identifying robustness actions.
* Expertise in SPC (Statistical Process Control), MSA (Measurement System Analysis), and other statistical aspects of the design and manufacturing of mechanical components.
* Expertise in mechanical and/or electro-mechanical systems manufacturing processes.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* 7-10 years of experience in design, development, manufacturing and quality systems for low volume, high complexity manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Six Sigma Black Belt
* DFSS experience
* Design for Robustness & Reliability
* Reliability Engineering and testing
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards
* Experience with government contracts and mil standard requirements
* Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks, Jira, Tableau, and Altium (or other PCBA and harness design software)
* Experience working with actuators

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
