---
title: 'Senior Global Sourcing Manager, Electrical '
status: active
id: '4918614007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4918614007?gh_jid=4918614007
lastmod: '2026-06-11T13:28:16-04:00'
date: '2025-09-24T18:19:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Global Sourcing & Supplier Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Senior Global Sourcing Manager, Electrical is the domain expert for the cables/harness commodities for Anduril Industries. This is a proactive, high-impact role in securing critical components, materials, and services that power our products. This role will be responsible for developing new supplier and new sourcing partnerships that can be incorporated into new products, as well as existing products to improve their technologies, cost, and quality. There is broad internal cross functional partnership to evaluate supplier opportunities, while ensuring commercial agreements, intellectual property, and statement of works are accurate and well established prior to pipelining.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Develop and execute commodity strategies for cables/harness, focusing on cost reduction, quality improvement, and supply chain resilience
* End-to-end responsibility for delivering quality parts, when needed, at the right cost
* Act as the sourcing expert for cables/harness manufacturing
* Lead RFI/RFQ/RFP and strategic sourcing process for cables/harness
* Own the business relationship with external Contract Manufacturing and responsible for continuity of supply, risk management, cost negotiations, and NPI to MP operation execution
* Partner with the Engineering team and Contract Manufacturers to influence technical design specs and customize product and manufacturing requirements
* Perform detailed analysis of quote submissions based on cost breakdown from data. Deep dive into every element of the supply chain and make data-driven decisions based on TCO
* Work closely with cross-functional teams to support prototype requirements, execute against build milestones, and lead sourcing activities
* Influence CM’s manufacturing processes and CapEx and technology decisions
* Negotiate key agreements with suppliers to establish best-in-class pricing, quality, flexibility, delivery, payment, warranty, and service terms
* Collaborate internally, negotiate the right tradeoffs, solicit cooperation and resolve problems, and advance new supplier or product offerings
* Provide strong technical direction within the specific commodities, by evaluating and guiding product strategy throughout the product lifecycle
* Manage and lead the operations effort of developing new and adaptations of existing technologies for Anduril
* Develop & execute commercial agreements to properly reflect the expectations of project, which include fixed and variable costs, lead-times, schedules, manufacturing capacities, etc
* Conduct regular technology reviews to Executive staff and management
* Own the supplier performance management of their respective commodities, which includes key delivery, quality, cost, and innovation metrics
* Act as the primary escalation for their respective commodity

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field
* 8+ years of experience in supply chain commodity management of cables/harness/connectors/capacitors manufacturing, and/or sourcing engineering
* Ability to travel up to 50% of the time
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in electrical or mechanical engineering
* Previous experience in defense, aerospace, automotive, high tech, or related industry
* Well-versed in TCO analysis to ensure data-driven analytics tied to component and supplier selection, in a product-based ecosystem
* Strategic thinker, experienced putting together commodities strategy/roadmap with key engineering stakeholders
* Proven leadership in driving and influencing other teams to a common goal. You know how to effectively communicate and collaborate cross functionally and with all levels within an organization
* Can wear different hats and it a strong team player to help your team move forward.
* You are fluent in other cross functional areas to fill gaps and remove roadblocks when needed
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
