---
title: Materials Associate
status: active
id: '4919201007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4919201007?gh_jid=4919201007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T12:38:42-04:00'
date: '2026-02-04T14:58:32-05:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Warehouse'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

The material handler will be responsible for the receipt, warehousing and issuance of material and components against work orders to support the production of rocket motor systems and comply with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). This individual will be a key contributor in the flow of components and subassemblies to production for assembly. This role will report to the Warehouse Manager or Supervisor and collaborate with the inventory and purchasing groups to ensure that material is being consumed, replenished and stored according to plan. Key performance indicators for this role include on-time delivery, inventory accuracy, part quality and the implementation of continuous improvement initiatives.  The role subject to demands of production and ability to work overtime or off-days is required.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years working in a contract manufacturing or warehouse setting (aerospace, defense or chemical industry preferred)
* Experience with shipping/receiving, inventory management, cycle counting and kitting
* Ability to read and understand bills of lading, stock transfers and pick lists
* Familiarity with ERP systems (NetSuite, Fishbowl Manufacturing, Odoo, etc.)
* Basic computer skills (Word, Excel, email, etc.)
* Strong organization and communication skills
* High integrity and a commitment to excellence
* Must be a team player and maintain positive attitude and strive for world class customer service
* Must uphold a positive attitude and foster strong relationships with facility customers
* Ability to lift 30 lbs
* Ability to be on your feet throughout the day
* Ability to multitask with little supervision and with a sense of urgency
* Ability to obtain hazardous materials certifications and ability to work safely with hazmat and energetics
* S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

### PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS

* High school degree or GED
* Familiarity with 5S, lean manufacturing principles
* Experience in an AS9100 quality system
* Experience working in new model launch or start up environments
* Forklift, pallet jack and/or cherry picker experience desired
* Experience with handling government property under the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)
* Collaborating with receiving and quality to ensure that production components are transferred to inventory and placed in discrete storage location in a timely manner
* Using pick lists to pick and kit components/subassemblies against manufacturing orders in accordance to the production schedule
* Cycle counting components and reporting inventory discrepancies or replenishment signals to the responsible parties
* Utilizing the ERP system and scanning to execute material transfer or goods issue orders
* Experience with proper packaging, labeling, and storage per material requirements
* Experience maintaining material traceability, inventory locations, and accuracy
* Understanding of Warehouse KPI’s to drive performance and customer service

US Hourly Range

$22.11—$29.32 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
