---
title: Production Scheduler
status: active
id: '4926122007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4926122007?gh_jid=4926122007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T12:40:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-01T16:52:19-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Launched Effects Supply Chain'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

The Production Control team is responsible for a wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including execution of the monthly production plan, coordinating the implementation of engineering changes, maintaining accurate inventory and government property, monitoring the health of the ERP and WMS systems and developing/implementing material flow strategies/processes to support efficient movement of material.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Production Scheduler to join our rapidly growing Production Control team in Atlanta, GA. In this role, you will be responsible for developing a schedule, releasing work orders and prioritizing production to hit our attainment goals. Here you will work on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible. You will responsible for providing tactical direction to production and strategic feedback to our planning teams. If you are a detail oriented, self-starter who is interested in supporting production in a fast-paced team environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Provide tactical scheduling and strategic planning expertise to our production teams
* Schedule production, operations planning, and engineering support to eliminate obstacles and deliver product on time
* Organize and communicate the daily priorities to production coordinators, team leads and supervisors as required
* Provide daily visibility, weekly status, and monthly reviews on schedule performance
* Develop and analyze metrics that tie production to enterprise goals as required
* Support the creation of scheduling tools and initiatives in support of Anduril’s overall scheduling maturation
* Develop a schedule for our production line derived from the integrated Master Schedule
* Work with the planning teams to ensure MRP signals are reflective of actual production needs
* Utilize Foundry and other applications to ensure work is scheduled and prioritized accurately and efficiently, and resources allocated appropriately
* Prepare daily work schedules, track work progress, update project critical path schedules, and advise leadership of needed adjustments to daily work activities
* Perform schedule baseline change control, collection and tracking performance, critical path analysis and variance analysis as required
* Ensure requisite production requirements are properly scheduled to facilitate an efficient production process
* Coordinate support from other internal resources such as inspection, testing, engineering, and supply chain as needed to meet program deliverables
* Lead efforts to uncover root-cause and develop permanent resolution on issues found during product builds as required
* Identify and support improvement opportunities for product yield, quality, safety, cost and team efficiency
* Identify process automation opportunities and drive organizational efficiency improvements

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree or 3 years of manufacturing scheduling experience
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years of scheduling experience with MS Project or similar scheduling software
* 4+ years of practical experience with ERP/MRP systems in a production environment
* Familiarity with Lean Six Sigma and Kaizen
* Project management professional certification
* Flexibility for supporting off shift hours, extended hours, and weekends as needed
* Must be able to lift 25 lbs unassisted

US Salary Range

$86,000—$112,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
