---
title: Senior Low Observables Engineer, RCS
status: active
id: '4926001007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4926001007?gh_jid=4926001007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-09-30T22:09:29-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Low Observables / Survivability'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The **Air Dominance and Strike Low Observable Team** are advancing into the next generation of **LO Technology** to enhance the survivability and effectiveness of unmanned air systems. Our Low Observables engineering team is responsible for designing, analyzing, testing, and sustaining **stealth features** that reduce **radar (RCS) and infrared (IR) signatures**, ensuring our systems remain undetectable in contested environments. 

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Assist in the design and development of Low Observable (LO) unmanned air vehicles
* Perform broadband Radar Cross Section (RCS) analysis of components and full air vehicles
* Develop analysis tools, workflows, and validation processes for RCS analysis
* Model and optimize LO materials for utilization in components and air vehicles
* Aid in the development of manufacturing and validation plans for LO air vehicles
* Plan and execute RCS testing of LO air vehicles and components

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* 8+ years of experience with LO aircraft
* Proficient knowledge of LO design, analysis, and validation methodologies
* Experience with RCS analysis tools such as X-Patch, SENTRi, McMoM2D, FEKO, HFSS, CST or other company specific Computational ElectroMagnetics (CEM) analysis packages
* Familiarity with how to model and design with LO materials
* Experience with LO airframe design, LO coating integration, and subsystem integrations
* Experience with CAD software packages such as NX, CATIA
* Experience with various manufacturing methods such as composites, 3D printing, casting, injection molding, etc.)
* Experience with Indoor and/or outdoor RCS testing of LO component and/or air vehicles
* BS or higher degree in STEM discipline
* Must possess and be able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Experience with the design and manufacture of LO materials
* Experience with LO manufacturing techniques related to LO edges
* Experience with designing and/or RCS analysis of LO apertures
* Experience with RCS flight testing
* Experience with Tier 1 or Tier 2 inspections tools
* Experience with scripting tools such as Matlab, Python, C++

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
