---
title: Senior Robotics Software Engineer, Sentry Tower
status: active
id: '4927598007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4927598007?gh_jid=4927598007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T14:50:43-04:00'
date: '2026-03-04T17:16:30-05:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering : Sentry Software Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About The Team**   
  
The Sentry Tower Software team develops robotic systems that provide force protection capabilities, monitoring the perimeter of secure areas, land or sea, for approaching people, vehicles, and vessels. We live in a world where security officers are increasingly overwhelmed by sensor data feeds. Our products leverage advanced sensor fusion and autonomy to seamlessly render activity in the environment to Lattice's common operating picture.   
  
  
**About the Job**   
  
We're looking for Software Engineer specializing in Robotics to join our growing team in Irvine, CA. As a Software Engineer on the Sentry Tower Product Team you will be responsible for building and maintaining software for current and next generation Sentry Tower systems. This will include interacting with stakeholders like Anduril's business lines of Air Defense and Counter Intrusion all the way from internal engineering customers to the people in the field. Prioritizing what is important to create an excellent experience for them in the long run.   
  
Our Product:  
<https://www.anduril.com/sentry>  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own feature development and roll out for our products - recent examples include: building out our SITL/HITL, implementing security requirements, integrating sensors like cameras, GPS, and ADSB, creating APIs for actuating robotic arm movements, refining our build systems and more.
* Design, evaluate, and implement software that supports operation by both human and autonomous planning agents.
* Be responsible for service ownership, ensuring functionality, reliability, and alignment with customer objectives. This includes effective communication and a result oriented mindset.
* Submit well-documented, tested pull requests addressing the team’s critical issues. The ability to negotiate system design trade-offs in a technical, humble and open-minded manner is key.
* Architecture and scaling our custom real-time communication and middle-ware systems.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Proficiency navigating the robotics system stack (integrating sensors, compute, and actuation), or deep expertise in low-level software and hardware interfacing.
* 4+ years working with Rust or C++.
* Solid grasp of networking principles, including CAN and Ethernet protocols, along with expertise in hardware interfacing, diagnostic tools (e.g., Wireshark, CANoe), and cyber security principles as they pertain to secure and reliable sensor data transmission.
* Demonstrated experience in designing and building software solutions for high-volume data processing and sophisticated sensor data analysis.
* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics.
* Experience with modern build systems (e.g., Nix, CMake) and setting up CI/CD pipelines.

**NICE TO HAVE**

* Experience with Python or Go for tooling (and Rust, if your primary background is C++).
* Controls experience, including trajectory planning, inverse kinematics (for robotic arms), sensor fusion, etc.
* A solid understanding of real-time systems and embedded software development.
* Familiarity with building custom data logging, observability pipelines, or edge-compute deployment strategies.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
