---
title: Senior Machine Learning Engineer, Sentry Tower
status: active
id: '4927589007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4927589007?gh_jid=4927589007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2025-11-14T16:04:26-05:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States; Remote
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering : Sentry Software Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### About the Team

The Counter Intrusion MSE team develops systems that provide force protection capabilities, monitoring the perimeter of secure areas, land or sea, for approaching people, vehicles, and vessels. We live in a world where security officers are increasingly overwhelmed by sensor data feeds. Our products leverage advanced sensor fusion and autonomy to seamlessly render activity in the environment to Lattice's common operating picture. This relieves operators of our system from a ton of burden and allows our customers to get more done with fewer personnel. Increasingly, Counter Intrusion MLEs are working on projects to bring customers' existing legacy security systems into the Lattice ecosystem. Key to this effort is building scalable software solutions so that we can service many customers without requiring bespoke software for each one. The Counter Intrusion team is responsible for the development, testing, deployment, and sustainment of our family of systems. We work closely with other teams from product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success.

### About the Role

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to apply the latest research to solve our toughest problems. This role will be responsible for owning the whole machine learning stack for the Counter Intrusion team. You will design and train multi-sensor object detection models for perception on edge compute devices that push the boundaries of what's possible with our sensors. You will develop learning algorithms to optimize the behavior of autonomous systems. You will also be responsible for the end-to-end design, implementation, and performance of the ML stack, including the infrastructure for data collection and training. Your work will directly impact Anduril's ability to deliver cutting-edge defense technology, with the opportunity to identify and develop novel ML applications across our product portfolio.

#### Responsibilities

* Propose and prototype innovative solutions to solve real-world problems, leveraging the latest state-of-the-art techniques in the field
* Develop and maintain core ML pipelines
* Train and deploy deep learning models for real-time applications
* Collaborate cross-functionally with camera, systems and labeling teams
* Curate datasets for evaluating performance and comparing performance trends over time
* Provide technical mentorship to other junior ML engineers

#### Required Qualifications

* MS or PhD in Machine Learning, Robotics or Computer Science, with emphasis on Computer Vision
* BS in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Electrical Engineering, or related field
* 6+ years of experience developing, benchmarking and optimizing ML algorithms on large-scale datasets
* Strong Deep Learning and CV background
* Proficiency in C++ development in a Linux environment
* Experience with Python development and deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, JAX and TensorFlow
* Experience deploying models with TensorRT and ONNX
* Optimize on-device inference and vision kernels across CPU/GPU/NPU
* Track record of developing and deploying CV models from R&D to production
* Experience writing and maintaining automated continuous integration tests
* Knowledge of system profiling and tuning for latency, memory and power efficiency
* Ability to conduct experiments, ablation studies and create highly detailed reports
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance

#### Preferred Qualifications

* Experience in one or more of the following:

+ Object Detection, Object Tracking, Instance Segmentation, Semantic Segmentation, Semantic Change Detection, Depth Estimation, Model Pruning and Compression

* Experience in one or more of the following:

+ Visual Odometry, SLAM, Multi-view Geometry, Camera Models, RGB-D and LIDAR Sensor Fusion, Optical Flow

* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems
* 1 year of experience in a technical leadership role

US Salary Range

$220,000—$330,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
