---
title: Software Test Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '4928202007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4928202007?gh_jid=4928202007
lastmod: '2026-06-03T09:15:50-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T10:12:46-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Software Test Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Reston, Virginia. In this role you will be responsible for testing custom developed software solutions and user-facing software in both a traditional desktop environment and on embedded and custom hardware devices. This role may include writing, maintaining, and executing detailed test plans, and owning testing methodologies across multiple projects. You will analyze test results, support prioritization and decision making, as well as identify areas for improvement. You will often need to find creative solutions to create reproducible testing scenarios and environments. The data you collect may support both finding and fixing bugs, identifying useful new features, and enabling the mission operations for our solutions.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Work directly with project managers to write, maintain, and execute tests for full-stack software and user-facing software on custom and embedded hardware
* Perform various types of testing on custom software projects, including manual testing and automated checks of functionality, performance, and reliability
* Develop creative testing approaches that ensure reusability and provide data to characterize the performance of custom solutions
* Work with existing teams to maintain and update existing testing plans
* Be able to work, in detail, across multiple projects’ testing needs
* Help ensure that shipped software is of high quality and free of defects
* Work with application developers to resolve issues identified during testing
* Drive end-to-end test management and deliver clear, concise reports to cross-functional and program teams
* Execute and analyze simulations including simulated operational environments
* Report to the overall software lead for the project
* Coordinate with other software team leads, engineering leads, and external teams or subcontractors as needed

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years of experience in full-stack software testing
* Deep experience with managing complex test plans against evolving software baselines
* Bachelors in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields
* Experience working in constrained development environments, including air-gapped systems
* Demonstrated ability to develop and execute test plans for complex systems
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance with Full Scope Polygraph

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years of experience in full-stack software testing, with experience testing embedded systems
* 3+ years building and executing automated tests
* Test experience at all levels of the software stack, from databases to GUI frameworks including but not limited to C, C++, React, .NET, and Microsoft SQL Server
* Experience with various testing regimes from unit-tests to user-tests
* Strong focus on security and user experience

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
