---
title: Staff Robotics Software Engineer, Air Vehicle Autonomy
status: active
id: '4928029007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4928029007?gh_jid=4928029007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-02T11:26:00-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Air Dominance & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial and multi-domain robotic systems. The team is responsible for taking products like Fury (unmanned fighter jet) and Barracuda (air-breathing cruise missile) from concept to product. The team also develops Lattice for Mission Autonomy, Anduril’s premier software platform that enables masses of Fury, Barracuda, and other first and third party robots to collaborate across various missions. We work in close coordination with specialist teams like Perception, Motion Planning, Hardware, and Test Engineering to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers and roboticists excited about creating a powerful autonomy software stack that includes computer vision, motion planning, SLAM, controls, estimation, and secure communications.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Write and maintain core libraries and services that perform critical functions for collaborative teams of robots - for example, motion deconfliction and contingency management of fast mover air vehicles.
* Own major feature development and rollout of large, complex features for our products - recent examples include developing terminal-phase autonomy for various air vehicles and developing a test plan on live surrogates.
* Work closely with Anduril and 3rd party vehicle hardware teams, as well as operational subject matter experts (fighter pilots, UAV operators, etc.) to align on requirements during product development and iterate towards a final design.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* BS in Robotics, Computer Science, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field
* 10+ years experience in one or more of the following: motion planning, perception, localization, mapping, controls, and related system performance metrics.
* Proven ability to lead multi-disciplinary teams, set technical direction, and manage full project lifecycles from concept to deployment.
* Deep understanding of integrating various sensor systems and utilizing various techniques for perception and decision-making.
* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems
* Experience working with and testing electrical and mechanical systems

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* MS or PhD
* Python, Rust, and/or Go experience
* Experience programming for embedded and physical devices
* Multi-agent coordination of UAVs
* Complex frame transformation problems, such as target localization or multi degree of freedom robotic arms

US Salary Range

$254,000—$338,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
