---
title: Technical Operations Team Lead, Anvil
status: active
id: '4931483007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4931483007?gh_jid=4931483007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-01T13:53:40-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Technical Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### About The Team

The Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) team at Anduril develops small aerial drones (Group 1-3) along with all the necessary equipment for testing, deployment, and operation. The team transforms products like Ghost, Anvil, Altius, and Bolt from initial concepts into operational systems. We work closely with specialized teams to tackle some of our customers' most complex challenges. Currently, we are seeking a Technical Operations Engineer lead for our Anvil product, where you will leverage your operational and technical expertise to shape and deploy a solution of maximum effectiveness and reliability. Your scope will include directly integrating with the product team to help drive system improvements, as well as deploying to austere and hazardous locations to support the operational employment and long-term sustainment of our Anvil products.

### About The Job

As a member of the Technical Operations team for TRS, you will play a critical role in bridging product engineering and deployed operations. You will be involved in unmanned air vehicle development programs, using your technical and operational expertise to deliver reliable solutions in challenging, remote environments. As the lead Technical Operations Engineer for Anvil, you will be uniquely positioned to be an individual contributor across the entirety of the Anvil portfolio, with the opportunity to grow your team as the product scales. You will be the primary point of contact for all Anvil field events and demos, helping to develop plans for success that meet the specific goals of each customer, while also travelling to support as needed.

### What You’ll Do

* Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) on the product. Assist in event planning and resource allocation, keeping key stakeholders informed about support requirements to reduce risk and ensure success.
* Advise internal and customer teams on operational employment and best practices.
* Tackle complex issues related to hardware, software, and networking in unstructured situations, driving them to resolution
* Support military aviation and customer support projects by executing flight operations, conducting field maintenance, providing customer field support and training
* Communicate field issue status to internal and customer teams, keeping them informed.
* Support the development and implementation of comprehensive operational and logistical plans for feature updates on the overall system.
* Incident response root-cause analyses (RCAs) for air systems in the field
* Conduct post-incident reviews and implement preventive measures
* Maintain up-to-date documentation

### Required Qualifications:

* 3+ years of experience of strong problem solving in unstructured environments at the interface of hardware, software, and networking.
* Strong mechanical aptitude to troubleshoot and repair critical site product components and infrastructure.
* Demonstrated understanding of flight operations, aircraft systems, and sensors
* Willingness to work with energetic material (warheads).
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently or collaboratively in a team.
* Willingness to travel up to 80%, including to hazard zones
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret/Secret security clearance
* This position is based in Costa Mesa, CA, and is not eligible for remote or hybrid work

### Preferred Qualifications:

* Degree in aerospace engineering, computer science, mechanical engineering, or related field
* Experience with weapon systems for manned aircraft, UAS, or missiles
* Experience with munitions live fire testing or munitions handling
* Experience with VTOL quad copter air systems
* Demonstrated coding experience in Linux or similar programming languages
* Background in military deployments with Special Operations Forces, or to hazard zones.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$193,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
