---
title: R&D CNC Machinist
status: active
id: '4933908007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4933908007?gh_jid=4933908007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-17T16:34:57-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services : Dev Manufacturing'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About the Team**The CNC team is part of the Development Manufacturing organization, which focuses on supporting high-profile R&D programs with expert machining capabilities. This team collaborates closely with engineering teams to deliver mission-critical, high-precision parts on tight timelines. Equipped with state-of-the-art tools and technology, the CNC team specializes in low-volume, prototype, and development work to ensure the success of complex projects. **About the Job**We are looking for an R&D CNC Machinist to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for the setup, operation, and development of complex 5-axis CNC machining programs. The ideal candidate will take ownership of the processes required to deliver high-precision components for cutting-edge technologies supporting national security objectives. **What You'll Do**

* Read and interpret technical blueprints and design models.
* Set up and operate CNC multi-axis milling and turning machines with precision and attention to detail.
* Implement and manage work-holding and fixture arrangements according to setup instructions.
* Execute program run-throughs and verify success by troubleshooting and making adjustments as necessary.
* Perform in-process and final inspection of components to ensure quality standards are met.
* Assist in cleaning, maintaining, and troubleshooting CNC equipment to maximize efficiency and uptime.

**Required Qualifications**

* 4+ years of hands-on experience as a CNC machine setup and operator.
* Proficient understanding of G-code and M-code.
* Strong knowledge of multi-axis and 3D machining principles.
* Proven experience with 3+1 / 3+2 axis milling, live tooling lathes, mill-turn, and/or multi-task machines.
* Proficiency with machine controls such as Fanuc, Siemens, or Brother.
* Working knowledge of various materials, including alloys, metals, and plastics.
* Experience with tooling setup and fixture development.
* Good understanding of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Strong ability to take ownership of the setup and operation process from start to finish.
* Flexibility to adapt to both R&D and short production requirements.
* Excellent multitasking skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to lift up to 50 pounds unassisted.
* U.S. Person status required due to access to export-controlled data.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Hands-on experience with 5-axis simultaneous setup and operation.
* Familiarity with CAD model measurement tools for part programming and evaluation.
* Familiarity with Coordinate Measuring Machine (CMM) inspection and PC-DMIS software.

US Hourly Range

$43—$54.80 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
