---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Active Clearance, Air Defense
status: active
id: '4939556007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4939556007?gh_jid=4939556007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T14:31:49-04:00'
date: '2025-10-14T19:50:20-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Air Defense Engineering : Software Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (22M)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Defense team builds robots that detect airborne threats and neutralizes them. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense Team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) threats. Working across product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems (FoS) in challenging operational environments worldwide.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We are hiring for a Senior Software Engineer to join rapidly growing team in Irvine, CA. As a  Senior Software Engineer, you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. Above all, Mission Software Engineers are driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an *expedient*, *scalable*, and *pragmatic* way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Own the software solutions that are deployed to customers
* Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to more customers
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality
* Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps
* Partner with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints
* Travel 30% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, or Computer Engineering
* 7+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Python, Rust, Go, etc.
* Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Active U.S. Secret clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with NixOS
* Developing and testing multi-agent autonomous systems and deploying in real-world environments
* Feature and algorithm development with an understanding of behavior trees
* Developing software/hardware for flight systems and safety critical functionality
* Distributed communication networks and message standards
* Knowledge of military systems and operational tactics

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
