---
title: Electrical Engineering Technician, Air Vehicles
status: active
id: '4940385007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4940385007?gh_jid=4940385007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-10T13:58:24-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

The **Air Dominance and Strike (AD&S) Electrical Engineering Team** is responsible for developing high-reliability avionics, embedded processing, and power systems for Group 5 air vehicles and missile platforms. Working across hardware, software, and mission autonomy, the team delivers flight-critical electronics, PCB assemblies, and FPGA-based processing architectures that enable Anduril's next-generation autonomous air platforms to operate in complex and contested environments. AD&S Electrical Engineers drive end-to-end development, from system architecture and circuit design to verification, integration, and flight test, ensuring scalable, mission-ready solutions that meet the performance, reliability, and survivability demands of the U.S. Military and modern air warfare.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We are looking for an **Electrical Engineering Technician** to join our rapidly growing team in **Costa Mesa, CA**. In this role, you will be responsible for the testing, troubleshooting and working on harnesses and complex electronic systems. If you are someone who has thrives supporting rapid avionics development, then this role is for you.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Setup, execute and analyze** test experiments per test procedures and record findings into test records
* **Support** with builds of test harnesses, racks, and environmental setups
* **Improve and update** automation, consistency, and coverage per engineering instructions
* **Troubleshoot**and repair of electrical, electronics and integrated circuits to the component level
* **Maintain and calibrate** electrical and/or mechanical test equipment
* **Create**assembly instructions and bill of materials for test equipment and fixtures
* **Document**test plans, user instructions and manuals
* **Operate** a clean and safe work environment
* **Travel** to test sites and external laboratories as required

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 4+ years of electronics testing experience in an R&D environment
* Familiarity with reading electrical system and component schematics
* Familiarity with product development life cycle, reliability, and compliance testing
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, data acquisition and measurement sensors
* Strong root cause analysis skills
* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills
* Able to pivot quickly between tasks and prioritize simultaneous tasks in a fast-paced environment
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years electronics experience including testing
* Associate degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Technologies, or related fields
* Familiarity with IPC Quality Standards, IPC-610, IPC-620, J-STD and other assembly and inspection standards
* Experience with High Voltage and High Power Testing such as propulsion inverters and batteries
* Experience with equipment calibration and metrology
* Experience with electrical compliance testing such as EMI/EMC testing

US Hourly Range

$30—$55 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
