---
title: Technical Recruiter, Frontier Systems
status: active
id: '4945493007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4945493007?gh_jid=4945493007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T14:50:08-04:00'
date: '2025-10-15T14:25:07-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Reston, Virginia, United States;
  Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : ENG Recruiting'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a key member of Anduril's recruiting team, you will be responsible for the company's talent management as we continue to rapidly grow. Your work will be hands-on and involve collaborating with leaders and individual contributors to define the hiring needs of the company. To achieve this, you will be given the autonomy and tools to execute on our strategy to build and develop Anduril's world class team. We are looking for someone who can handle high levels of ownership while tackling every aspect of recruiting and is excited to be part of small team where no task is too big or too small.

***This role is open to 6 month contract-to-hire only. Location: Reston, VA, Washington D.C., or Costa Mesa, CA.***

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Move fast, with a process for consistently sourcing, tracking and maintaining a high volume of candidates while maintaining open lines of communication with stakeholders
* Establish deep trust and partnership with business leaders to help influence talent strategy while executing on hiring deliverables
* Build trust through consistency and a strong operating rhythm in partnership with cross-functional stakeholders to help scale and manage company growth
* Embed yourself into the business and into your teams to understand the product positioning and market fit, technical roadmap, and culture of the team
* Develop a strong understanding of the mission while learning how to effectively pitch the team and opportunity, ultimately closing exceptional technical talent for the organization
* Track and analyze pipeline and performance data to gain insights into areas of opportunity and translate that into a data-driven narrative that enables increased momentum
* Build recruiting strategies that contribute to the long-range growth of the company, implementing best practices around referrals and process improvements where needed
* Act as a subject matter expert in prospecting techniques and tools used for information retrieval, data extraction, web-scraping, continuous process improvement, process automation, and candidate management
* Conduct interviews of potential candidates, demonstrating ability to anticipate hiring manager preferences through high interview-to-offer ratios
* Engage passive candidates using Linkedin Recruiter, Gem, Boolean strings, referral and SOBO campaigns
* Provide a consistent and positive candidate experience throughout the entire recruiting process with proactive communication and engagement

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 6+ years experience recruiting and sourcing for technical roles and closing top tier engineering talent (startup/software experience preferred)
* 4+ years of client interaction experience, including working with Hiring Managers and Directors, taking new requirements, reviewing profiles and updating pipeline progress
* Experience acting in a consultative manner where your guidance has led to improved outcomes, and a positive candidate experience, while earning the respect of your peers and clients
* Strong understanding of the technical skills and experience required for Engineering positions within the business
* Clear and effective communication with candidates to understand motivation, drivers, and fit within the organization
* Experience managing various funnels of candidates and keeping track of their progress throughout the recruitment process
* Working knowledge of applicant tracking and HRIS systems
* Working knowledge of interview techniques and applicant screening methods
* Familiar with a wide variety of sourcing avenues

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in Startup, Tech, and relevant domain experience
* Are self-sufficient and are able to work with little direct supervision
* Resilient and creative – ideal candidates will be flexible enough to face routine obstacles, trouble shoot, and create a solution on the fly
* Attention and Communication – ideal candidates will be direct and succinct. They will share information in a timely and efficient manner, improving collaboration and productivity, while practicing active listening and engagement with intent
* Ownership – Be accountable for your universe and in tune with the business. Everyone on this team takes full responsibility for helping Anduril achieve its mission. That means seeking to improve all aspects of our company even in ways that are not explicitly part of our job while leveling up anything you can directly impact in realtime
* Low ego, high curiosity – Value learning over being right. Embraces delivering and receiving candid feedback, and see every setback as an opportunity to iterate and improve

US Hourly Range

$70—$80 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
