---
title: Manager, Software Engineering
status: active
id: '4950096007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4950096007?gh_jid=4950096007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-19T20:36:03-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### About the Team

Anduril’s Maritime Division has assembled a diverse team of experts in software, robotics, artificial intelligence, sensor fusion, and data analysis to create software and hardware solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of our customers. We are fielding the next generation of autonomous systems to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of maritime operations. Anduril has brought to market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth underwater vessel platform and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "small" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on billion-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
We are seeking to sustain our early successes with deep investment in an expanded product portfolio. These products, including Dive-XL, Dive-LD, Copperhead, Seabed Sentry, and other unannounced systems, will deliver a coherent system-of-systems, enabling the end-to-end conduct of a variety of autonomous missions in the maritime domain. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact and working on systems that directly contribute to achieving national strategic priorities, we want you to join Anduril’s Maritime Division and help us build the future of defence capability.

### About the Job

Software Engineering Managers independently lead teams to deliver a variety of software integrated in to our products. This includes autonomy, simulation, data processing, payload integration, and off-board command and control or decision support. We expect Software Engineering Managers to demonstrate end-to-end outcome ownership of a major system within an integrated product, and the team responsible for building and maintaining it. Software Engineering Managers contribute as a team lead to the rapid architecting, design, delivery, support, and evolution of next generation autonomous platforms through their entire product life-cycle.

### What You’ll Do

* Empathize with end-users and drive solutions that balance their needs with external constraints, restrictions and requirements in a multi-stakeholder environment
* Be accountable for software enabled solutions that are deployed to customers, optimizing for the delivery of value to the end-user
* Collaborate with your Technical Lead to architect scalable software that rapidly delivers capability beyond the scope of current platforms, with a clear path for both architecture and capability evolution over time
* Co-ordinate your teams roadmap and execution with other teams across Anduril, with the aim of developing components that are re-usable across multiple Anduril product lines
* Contribute to the design, implementation and execution of development processes for the initial delivery and subsequent iteration of vehicle and mission software, including full lifecycle testing, monitoring and operation
* Manage a 6 - 18 month roadmap for your team, nested within broader organisational roadmap
* Manage an allocated budget for your team
* Manage programatic risk for your team, and collaborate with your Technical Lead to manage technical risk, including sound and timely decision making
* Lead by example as a technically competent, trustworthy, and accountable team lead
* Communicate organizational vision, strategy, and direction to your team.
* Define, document, gain consensus for, and communicate appropriate goals and plans for your team, derived from broader organizational vision, strategy, and priorities
* Build your team through mentoring, professional development, career management, and collaboration with Anduril’s recruiting and people functions
* Work as a leader of a multi-disciplinary engineering team of 4 - 10 members, including as a mentor and manager for Engineers from differing backgrounds
* Report to a manager who may or may not have a background in software engineering
* Travel to co-locate with end-users and/or other teams up to 20% of the time

### Required Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Mechatronics, Computer Science, Engineering, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* Experience in a management position within a high performing technology organization
* Extensive professional experience working as a Software Engineer with one or more domains and/or technologies of expertise
* Capacity to lead a team that works holistically on software enabled capabilities up and down the software stack and through lifecycle through design, implementation, operation and sustainment
* Capacity to act as the owner for a software system, including stakeholder engagement, requirements definition, roadmap management, team co-ordination, design, implementation management, sustainment and evolution
* Capacity learn and grow individually, while mentoring team members effectively, building team cohesion and capacity
* Ability to obtain and maintain an Australian Government Security Clearance

### Preferred Qualifications

* Experience in a senior role for the delivery of a military mission system and/or autonomous vehicle
* Experience writing backend services or embedded software in C, C++, Rust and/or Go
* Experience writing frontend applications using Typescript and React
* Experience working with a RTOS
* Experience with the design, implementation and operation of horizontally scaled cloud technologies
* Experience with the design, implementation and support of embedded software, particularly in the field of robotics
* Experience with modeling and simulation
* Familiarity with communications busses and protocols (e.g. CAN, CANFD, UART/RS232/RS422/RS485, SPI, QSPI, I2C, Ethernet, ARINC-825, ARINC-429, MIL-STD-1553, etc).
* Experience with development of high assurance safety critical software, including with DO-178, IEC 61508, or similar standards
* Experience in design and development of embedded applications in autonomous vehicle software systems.
* Experience in developing interfaces to sensors and actuators.
* Experience working with and testing electrical and mechanical systems.
* Familiarity with navigation and communications systems.
* Experience within the product delivery lifecycle including manufacturing, system acceptance, deployment, and sustainment.
* Familiarity with Systems Engineering concepts
* Desire to learn and grow in to other roles that require experience as a Software Engineering Manager, such as Senior Software Engineering Manager

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
