---
title: Business Operations Lead
status: active
id: '4951325007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4951325007?gh_jid=4951325007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-20T20:02:09-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Business Operations '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
**Operations Leads & Managers** work directly with General Managers, Division leadership teams, and other Anduril leaders to manage operations for a business line or central function. Work within this role includes quick-turn operational fire-fighting, redesigning and implementing processes, and leading high-impact strategic projects such as product launches and acquisitions. This role will require you to understand the levers required to effectively run a business, including engagement across program management, engineering, production, and central G&A teams.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**  
  
As an Operations Lead, you will be critical to supporting all of these responsibilities. While a specific division or function will be your team, you will often work cross-functionally with leaders and teams throughout the organization to solve messy problems, set up new processes, capture data, action upon it, and enable others to do the same.

* Own operational projects end-to-end, from definition, to solutioning, to implementation. You will be handed ambiguous problems with little prescription on how to solve them.
* Work on strategic problems, providing structure to ambiguity and helping shepherd cross-functional groups of stakeholders towards decisions on strategic issues. The role will ask you to couple first principles thinking with creative and iterative analysis to fully detail the impacts of potential decisions.
* Work deeply within data and systems, become intimately familiar with how our business systems (ERP, MRP, HRIS, etc.) function, and leverage data from them to execute scrappy analyses on short timelines, all the while equipping functional teams with insights and tools to measure and improve their processes.
* Project manage across large groups of stakeholders including, leading large meetings, managing large Slack channels, and wrangling stakeholders towards a solution. This role requires the ability to translate across Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Engineering, HR, Recruiting, Facilities, Growth, Deployments, and more.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 6+ years of working experience with a minimum of 3+ years in a consulting, operations, finance, or product/program management role.
* Demonstrated expertise in stakeholder and executive engagement, this role will have significant C-suite visibility. You should be comfortable and skilled in balancing when to pull in execs into the problem solving process and when your should lead independent change
* You lean into acknowledging your weaknesses and take the idea of feedback and growth seriously.
* Strong emotional intelligence and ability to solve operational problems not only from a data-driven lens, but also in a people-centric way by building strong cross functional relationships across the company and within the hardware engineering organization.
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move. We’d rather have to tell you to slow down than to speed up.
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You enjoy working at a place where no one minds if you leave early one day to go to an appointment or run an errand, but you also don’t mind responding to Slacks in the evening while you’re watching Netflix.
* You have an appetite to build clear frameworks to structure problems.
* Combined ability to execute on a tactical level as well as put together a strategy to solve complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems. You are comfortable rolling up your sleeves and diving deep into executing operational tasks that require high attention to detail and high organization skills, but you can also zoom out at a 30,000 foot level to create a strategy that solves high level problems for the business line, division, and company.
* A strong communicator across a wide dynamic range - Ability to translate and articulate thoughts clearly and simply across a wide range of roles (working level engineers, finance partners, recruiters, cross functional leadership, and executives).
* High ownership with the horsepower to juggle multiple (3-5+) large projects and priorities in parallel, at a rapid pace, and report out on progress regularly without dropping any balls.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Undergraduate degree in a STEM major
* 2+ years in a technical engineering role

US Salary Range

$146,000—$180,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
