---
title: Lead Industrial Engineer
status: active
id: '4952740007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4952740007?gh_jid=4952740007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-10-22T16:24:18-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Industrial Engineering team is seeking a Lead Industrial Engineer to join our team. The Manufacturing organization is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, sensors, undersea and flight vehicles, and scaling these products in our new 5M sq ft manufacturing facility, Arsenal-1.   
  
The Industrial Engineering team is responsible for optimizing Anduril’s manufacturing operations for innovative, high volume, cost effective manufacturing. The IE team works across the lifecycle, from developing new production lines to scaling to continuous improvement.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Lead Industrial Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa. In this role, you will be responsible for leading an industrial engineering team across a portfolio of product lines, driving production operations to achieve KPIs, supporting the development of new production lines and the implementation of new products, developing and deploying industrial engineering best practices, and driving rapid project execution. If you can demonstrate holistic ownership in solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment, while remaining flexible in the face of change and ambiguity and providing data-driven solutions and recommendations, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

**Owning Strategic Projects**

* Own the design and bring up of production lines and factories, collaborating closely with Facilities, Manufacturing Engineering, Mfg Ops, and Material Flow organizations.
* Partner with manufacturing leadership to assess and solve build plan scenarios and align factory design strategy for future manufacturing sites.
* Lead initiatives across Anduril sites to solve ongoing production issues, set up new facilities and production lines, and support deployment and harmonization of Industrial Engineering across global sites.

**Team Leadership and Support**

* Effectively lead a team of Industrial Engineers across multiple products or a family of products to setup and optimize production systems.
* Play a key role in the growth of the Industrial Engineering organization by creating and standardizing internal tools and processes, mentoring and training junior team members, and fostering a collaborative and productive environment rooted in accountability.
* Be a trusted subject matter expert for Industrial Engineering fundamentals and tools such as capacity and labor modeling, factory design, simulation, process improvement, and data analytics.

**Industrial Engineering**

* Produce and maintain capacity models and production ramp plans to define labor planning, capex requirements, workstation design, and throughput gaps.
* Design effective facility layouts and production lines using CAD and simulation which meet process requirements, enable production targets, optimize resource allocation and material flow, and maximize productivity and quality.
* Identify and champion improvements to key causes of high variability or production bottlenecks, driving actions to resolution across disciplines and stakeholders.
* Leverage a data-driven approach to production design and process improvements to improve throughput.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering, Operations Excellence, or a related field.
* Minimum of 8+ years of experience in industrial engineering or similar position.
* Demonstrated ability to scale production in a resource-constrained environment.
* Demonstrated ability to measurably improve production metrics, such as cost, yield, and throughput.
* Deep understanding of the requirements of manufacturing systems, processes, and organizations to enable scalable production.
* Proficiency in Industrial Engineering tools such as CAD (2D & 3D), Excel, Minitab, etc.
* Excellent project management skills and experience leading cross-functional projects.
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities.
* Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience building or transforming successful production operation organizations and leading large-scale initiatives that influence culture, define tools and processes, and improve competencies.
* Experience leading and managing teams on fast-paced, complex projects.
* Exposure to defense, aerospace, or automotive industries.
* Previous experience designing, building out, and commissioning factories (greenfield or brownfield).
* Current active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$148,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
