---
title: Director, Global Sourcing & Supplier Development Engineering (Radar & Sensors)
status: active
id: '4953910007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4953910007?gh_jid=4953910007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-22T13:37:09-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Global Sourcing & Supplier Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the Director of Global Sourcing & Supplier Development Engineering (GSSD), you will be responsible for leading global sourcing initiatives, supplier development & industrialization efforts of electrical commodities (radar, sensors & mission systems) to support the company’s global operations and manufacturing goals. You will oversee supplier partnerships, optimize sourcing strategies, and ensure supplier readiness for new product introductions (NPI) and mass production scaling. This is a key leadership role reporting to Sr. Director of GSS & SIE, requiring a balance of strategic vision, technical expertise, and operational execution, and the ability to communicate at all levels.

* **Strategic Sourcing**
  + Develop and execute global sourcing strategies to achieve cost savings, quality improvements, and supply chain resilience.
  + Identify, assess, and establish partnerships with strategic suppliers aligned with business needs.
  + Lead supplier negotiations, including pricing, contracts, and long-term agreements.
  + Collaborate with engineering, manufacturing, and operations teams to align sourcing strategies with company objectives.
* **Supplier Industrialization Engineering**
  + Ensure supplier readiness for new product introductions (NPI) and mass production scaling.
  + Conduct supplier audits, technical capability assessments, and risk evaluations.
  + Drive process optimization and continuous improvement initiatives with suppliers to enhance manufacturing efficiency, quality, and delivery.
  + Create and execute supplier industrialization roadmaps to support global scalability.

* **Leadership & Collaboration**
  + Build and lead a high-performing team of sourcing professionals and supplier industrialization engineers.
  + Partner with internal stakeholders to drive design-for-manufacturability (DFM) and cost reduction initiatives.
  + Resolve supply chain disruptions and mitigate risks across the supplier base.

* **Metrics & Performance Management**
  + Track and report key performance metrics, including cost savings, supplier quality (PPM), on-time delivery, and lead time reductions.
  + Develop scalable processes and tools to enhance supplier management, sourcing efficiency, and operational excellence.
  + Align sourcing and industrialization efforts with product line demand

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, physics, or a related technical field
* 15+ years of experience in strategic sourcing or supplier quality and industrialization within a manufacturing environment
* 5+ years of experience managing a team of technical supply chain professionals, engineers and/or technical project/program managers
* Experience with specific commodity technical expertise as applicable. i.e. PCBA manufacturing, IPC standards, SMT processing, CAD, GD&T
* Ability to travel at 20%-50% of the time
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA

#### **PREFERRED** QUALIFICATIONS

* Masters or doctorate degree in engineering or supply chain management
* Excellent communication, negotiation, and problem-solving skills
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
