---
title: 'Staff Software Engineer, Developer Platform '
status: active
id: '4954854007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4954854007?gh_jid=4954854007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T17:48:22-04:00'
date: '2025-10-23T09:20:50-04:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform '
offices:
- Boston, MA (BOS-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Developer Platform team serves as the backbone of Anduril's engineering ecosystem, building critical infrastructure that enables teams to deliver mission-critical defense systems. On this team you would optimize release pipelines and CI/CD workflows powering Anduril's Software Factories across the US, Australia, and UK. You'll develop productivity-enhancing tools like our Golang-based dx CLI and architect data infrastructure for actionable engineering metrics and KPIs. Your work will directly impact the productivity across the entire software engineering ecosystem, creating a foundation that scales with Anduril's growth and supports its mission of solving critical defense challenges through advanced technology.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead engineering efforts across release systems, developer tooling, and the broader Anduril Software Factory to optimize release pipelines and development workflows.
* Architect scalable AI-powered automation solutions that increase developer productivity while maintaining the highest standards of quality and security for mission-critical defense systems.
* Design and implement robust data infrastructure to effectively instrument our diverse business lines
* Partner with Heads of Mission Engineering to define and track critical KPIs that drive strategic decision-making

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years in an engineering setting, with platform engineering experience and a deep understanding of development workflows. You have experience working on developer tools, CI/CD pipelines, and infrastructure automation, preferably in environments that reward initiative, creativity, and independent problem-solving with a demonstrable track record of maintaining complex software systems.
* Strong Golang chops needed to create integrations with other Anduril services, and improve our popular dx tool
* Strong Python experience for creating, analyzing, and visualizing complex datasets in Palantir’s Foundry product
* Demonstrated ability to quickly learn and adapt to unfamiliar technologies across multiple domains
* Self-directed, entrepreneurial mindset with the ability to identify opportunities and craft innovative solutions. The roadmap is ours to create and execute on.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Exceptional systems thinking with meticulous attention to detail, outstanding communication, and project management skills
* Proficiency with TypeScript/React for developing lightweight UI solutions
* Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field
* Proven track record in fast-paced startup environments

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
