---
title: Supply Chain Systems Program Manager
status: active
id: '4954374007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4954374007?gh_jid=4954374007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-11-05T14:23:19-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Tech & Optimization'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Supply Chain Systems Program Manager role will act as a Business Systems and Optimization partner for Anduril’s Supply Chain team and will own parts of the end-to-end Supply Chain Digital and Process ecosystem. As such, the role will collaborate with internal Supply Chain teams (Procurement, Purchasing, Planning, Program Management) and external teams (IT, Engineering, Business Systems, Strategy, Legal, People, etc.) to develop system implementation plans intended to enhance our digital landscape and increase efficiencies throughout our end-to-end processes, all with a focus on introducing scale and resiliency into our growing people and tools footprint.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Support and execute functional process and data maps or Supply Chain within Procurement, Purchasing, Program Management, Material Management, etc.
* Align internal Supply Chain with other related verticals (i.e., Finance, Accounting, Engineering, Manufacturing, etc.) on company goals, forecasted scale, requirements, constraints, prioritization and corresponding timelines.
* Collaborate with IT teams to execute agreed-upon enhancement roadmap to deliver critical business value, from project planning and requirement setting and resource planning, through implementation and sprint planning, to training and business rollout.
* Act as a SMEs/PoCs for System, Process and Data roadmap for Supply Chain Operations (i.e., Sourcing, Purchasing, Supplier Quality, Material Planning, Supplier Execution, Inventory/WHSE, etc.).
* Scope and deploy a Supply Chain Reporting/KPI suite, including both supply partner facing (i.e., Supplier Portal) and internal KPI dashboards to inform leaders of the health, scale, risks, and opportunities for Supply Chain.
* Work with IT teams in defining requirements for home-grown applications and platforms. Lead the business end of development-to deployment. Ensure design with focus on critical business capabilities with and a high degree of usability, efficiency, automation and integration into the larger system and process landscape.
* Work with Supply Chain leaders to create and optimize business processes to ensure efficiencies across the organization and support rapid scale/growth. Develop internal ad-hoc tools as needed to plug process gaps ahead of larger system fixes.

**BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* B.S. in engineering, supply chain or equivalent degree.
* 5+ years of experience with supply chain IT systems and data analytics.
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Master's degree in data analytics, supply chain management, or related field.
* Proficiency in data visualization and reporting tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or similar.
* Experience in large-scale implementation of ERP, Oracle highly preferred.
* Experience working within a hardware development company in an early-stage company environment.
* Previous experience developing, documenting and executing supply chain focused digital ecosystems.
* Strong understanding of developing and defining dashboards and KPI's for supply chain operations.
* Experience with database management and data analysis software, such as SQL, Excel, or other analytical tools.
* Strong communication and collaboration skills (throughout all levels of the organization and across multiple business/functional verticals).
* Excellent communication skills, with the ability to convey complex data in a clear and actionable manner to various audiences.
* Attention to detail and commitment to accuracy in data reporting and analysis.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
