---
title: Senior Systems Safety Engineer, Advanced Effects
status: active
id: '4955741007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4955741007?gh_jid=4955741007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-24T13:49:31-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Configuration Management and Engineering Systems : System
  Safety Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (Hive Building B)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a real-time, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.  
  
Anduril’s Reliability & System Safety Engineering organization is seeking a System Safety Engineer to join our Air Dominance & Strike team. The Reliability & System Safety Engineering team works with our broader Engineering team to ensure our products are safe and meet all mission performance, environmental conditions, and customer requirements. We develop cutting-edge Reliability & System Safety processes and methods to secure scalable, long-term business success.  
  
As a System Safety Engineer at Anduril, you will leverage your extensive knowledge of advanced Reliability & System Safety tools and methodologies to drive excellence in our safety processes. You will support the Reliability Engineering, Systems Engineering, and Hardware & Software development teams across the product development lifecycle by guiding Functional Hazard Analysis, Fault Trees, System Safety Assessments, and Hazard Management and Hazard Mitigation activities for your product(s). The right person for this role has knowledge of design and development with a safety focus on aircraft systems, as well as exposure to test, analysis, manufacturing, and continuous improvement in a production environment. If you are someone who has hands-on experience throughout the new product development life cycle from concept to customer delivery, loves to build world-class Reliability and Safety processes, can work efficiently across multi disciplinary teams, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Develop and implement tailored System Safety program plans aligned with MIL-STD-882E and the needs of Anduril & its customers.
* Conduct and review complex safety analyses, including FHA (Functional Hazard Analysis), Fault Tree, SCFTA (Safety Critical Functional Thread Analysis), and SSA (System Safety Assessments) at system and sub-system level for complex aircraft systems.
* Develop safety requirements and collaborate with design teams to implement safety solutions
* Identify & document hazards & risks for your program(s), manage hazard tracking databases, and ensure proper risk mitigation strategies are in place
* Support the Design Requirements Process as a Subject Matter Expert to ensure teams adhere to Safety best practices
* Support Development Milestone Reviews such as PDR, CDR, QDR representing System Safety
* Lead and triage all Safety corrective actions from RCCA investigations and Mishap Reports
* Host regular corrective action reviews to ensure lessons learned are communicated with all stakeholders, and that all actions have been implemented in a timely manner
* Develop, Draft, and Implement System Safety Processes and reports for the business to improve and streamline our Design, Manufacturing, and Deployment Operations efforts for rapid development
* Verify and validate risk and hazard reduction measures
* Liaise with customers, regulatory bodies, and internal stakeholders on safety-related matters
* Drive continuous improvement in System Safety processes and methodologies
* Ensure compliance with relevant military and industry safety standards

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 5 years Industry Experience as a System Safety Engineer or equivalent engineering background
* B.S. Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent technical discipline
* Experience with safety-critical hardware & software systems in the defense or aerospace industry, with a preference for Weapon Systems, Aircraft, UAS or Rotorcraft
* Extensive knowledge of MIL-STD-882E and other relevant safety standards
* Experience setting up a System Safety Engineering framework for a product or program, including early stage Design for Safety and Hazard Analysis experience
* Strong background in safety analysis techniques, including FTA, FHA, SCFTA, and FMECA
* Experience with requirements decomposition for Safety
* Failure investigation/analysis experience with proven track record of solving problems and preventing reoccurrence
* Design Review Experience (PDR, CDR, MRR) and confident in presentation skills across all levels of leadership
* Strong analytical/problem-solving skills and excellent communication skills with the ability to collaborate cross-functionally.
* Eligibility to obtain/main a Secret Clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* M.S. Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent technical discipline
* Experience or familiarity with ARP-4754, ARP-4761, MIL-STD-810, MIL-HDBK-217, MIL-STD-461, and MIL-STD-516C
* Experience with Relyence, Teamcenter, JIRA, JAMA, Cameo, and/or Ansys
* Experience with risk management, change control/change management reviews, and software/firmware HITL/SITL
* Experience supporting field tests, including data acquisition, data analysis, and project coordination
* AI/ML software safety experience
* Aircraft, Spacecraft, or UAV operations experience
* Front End Software architecture & requirements definition experience.
* Customer communications, reporting, and roadmap presentation experience.
* Technical writing experience developing standards, specifications, user guides, and policies
* Experience drafting requirements for Software & Hardware

US Salary Range

$146,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
