---
title: Vehicle Systems Lead
status: active
id: '4955439007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4955439007?gh_jid=4955439007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T18:03:28-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Heavy Metal - Engineering & Operations : Systems
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril's Maritime Division is responsible for planning and executing Anduril's product and revenue roadmap for maritime missions. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, and operations, the Maritime team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril maritime capabilities in a challenging operational environment worldwide. As a leader in the Maritime Division, you must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, manage, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits. This role is crucial in ensuring that each initiative aligns with the company's strategic direction and receives the appropriate resourcing, balancing innovation with practical execution to drive the business line's success.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

You will lead the technical development and integration of vehicle systems for a maritime product, from initial concept through delivery. You will work closely with program leadership, teams from other Anduril products, and third party system vendors to develop these designs so that requirements are tied to customer inputs and there is traceability to program office technical decisions.  
  
Your spectrum of support will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build cross-functional teams, and rapidly drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience will play a key component in making sure the right design/analysis/ and test steps are being completed to ensure success. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience executing and successfully completing prior highly optimized multi-disciplinary projects.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Ownership of the Vehicle System, interfaces to other Systems, and overall performance against the Program and Product requirements for a new start platform
* Schedule and execution ownership for vehicle system across product generations, including timeframe of development, prototype testing, demonstrations, transitioning from prototype designs to rate manufacturing etc.
* Responsibility for vehicle developmental budget and cost performance, ensuring all subsystems are compliant and targeting cost reduction according to system cost plan
* Technical leadership at the vehicle system level, including overall responsibility for technical performance, implementation and adherence to design principals and tenets, sustainment of issue resolution activities, etc.
* Escalation path for technical decision making and/or deconfliction for the vehicle system team. Additional decision making/escalation to be done through Maritime Chief Engineer
* Represent the vehicle system in leadership meetings, customer interfacing meetings, and wherever else appropriate
* Lead meetings across the vehicle team at the necessary cadences such as daily standup, sprint planning, retro, monthlies, all-hands etc.
* Interface directly with Chief Engineer and other system leads on technical challenges and issue resolution
* Interface directly with peers across Production, Payloads, Mission Systems, Field Operations, Product Management, and Sustainment teams to align execution streams to product level schedule.
* Drive platform level trade studies across critical systems and subsystems to inform generational architectural updates and changes to the platform.
* Lead and mentor Senior and Principal level engineers for growth towards platform level leadership roles.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Mechatronics, Computer Science, Engineering, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* Extensive professional experience working as an Engineer with one or more domains and/or technologies of expertise.
* Extensive professional experience working as a project lead or manager driving execution across diverse engineering disciplines.
* Extensive professional experience with detailed project planning at the product or system level across diverse engineering disciplines.
* Experience with projects, programs, or products transitioning from prototype design, prototype testing, new product introduction, and transition into production.
* Ability to work in an extremely fast paced environment with the capability to maintain organization across a large team and effectively triage issues and blockers across the product organization.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with the design, implementation and support of robotic and/or autonomous systems
* Experience working within the defense, maritime and/or aerospace domains
* Experience with product roadmaps and generational product developments
* Experience and training in program management

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
