---
title: Head of Growth, Imaging
status: active
id: '4960571007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4960571007?gh_jid=4960571007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-11-05T09:54:36-05:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Mission Systems Capture'
offices:
- Waltham, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Imaging Business Line, within Mission Systems Division, is responsible for tackling the most difficult problems involving computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data. The team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software. Imaging products are deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Imaging team is based in Woburn, Massachusetts with small offices in Colorado and California.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the **Head of Growth for Imaging,** you will report to the Head of Growth for Anduril Mission Systems Division and work directly with the Imaging Business Line (BL) general manager to build the Imaging business. Your role is cross-cutting. You’ll work across programs, engineering, growth, manufacturing, software, finance, external partners, and customers to develop and execute BL growth strategy for Imaging. You will be responsible for developing, mentoring, and building the Imaging growth team and in collaboration with Division and BL leadership the accounts, and mission operations teams. Our ideal candidate will work out of the **Waltham, MA** office.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build a cohesive, data-driven strategy within relevant Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM), DOD Program Executive Offices (PEO), the Intelligence Community, Federal Agencies, Federally Funded Research and Development Centers (FFRDC), University-affiliated research centers (UARC), and with International partners to penetrate, expand, and deliver technology at scale.
* Develop and maintain close working relationships with internal Anduril stakeholders including business line and division leadership, growth teams, program and engineering teams, and corporate functions to identify and shape new business opportunities, communicate and resolve program issues, and provide strategic direction to execution teams.
* Lead the expansion of the Imaging portfolio across US and allied services and agencies, including advanced infrared, optical, laser, threat tracking, and seeker technologies that address warfighter needs across all domains including Space.
* Partner with Anduril customers to identify and develop disruptive technologies to deliver sustained operational advantage at the tactical, operational, and strategic level.
* Work with internal stakeholders to identify, prioritize, fund, and execute internally and externally funded research and development to advance Imaging technology.
* Identify, onboard, and manage strategic partners that are vital to growth strategy and program execution.
* Deliver on financial performance metrics and build strategic market growth initiatives.
* Build, mentor, and lead the Imaging Growth team in business development, account management, and mission operations functions.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Deep expertise in imaging technologies such as infrared, electro-optical, image processing, missile tracking, or other relevant technologies.
* A proven leader that effectively engages and communicates with stakeholders at all levels.
* Demonstrated experience with relevant FFRDCs, UARCs, PEOs, OEMs, federal agencies, and/or Combatant Commands.
* A builder and an owner: someone who is willing to put in the work across all aspects of the business, effectively prioritize actions, and own the outcomes.
* Demonstrated ability and willingness to learn; undeterred by a long, steep climb to understand technology, programs, process, problems, and customer nuance.
* Demonstrated ability in developing and executing tactical and strategic plans to some target end state.
* Ability to identify, establish, and maintain relationships with current and future customers at all levels.
* Knowledge of defense acquisitions, with demonstrated history in new technology/product introduction, zero to one projects, and scaling to larger defense programs.
* Willingness to relocate to Waltham, MA or nearby area.
* Ability to travel up to 50%.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Advanced degree (Engineering, MBA, Military Sciences, etc.)
* Understanding of business operations and financial management.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
