---
title: Systems Security Engineer, Programs
status: active
id: '4961987007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4961987007?gh_jid=4961987007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-10-29T10:25:31-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Product Security : Product Security'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

We're seeking a systems security engineer to will drive security engineering principles into design and integration with other systems internal and external to Anduril to ultimately secure our suite of advanced technologies including artificial intelligence systems, command and control platforms, aerospace vehicles, and long range sensors.  
  
The ideal candidate has a background in systems of systems, systems, electrical and/or software engineering with deep expertise in embedded systems security. They will perform in-depth security architecture assessments, identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and exploits, and work cross-functionally to bake security into Anduril products.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* This is not an ISSO or ISSM role.
* Own security end-to-end for assigned products—derive and decompose security requirements from customer needs and threat intelligence, design security architectures, and manage security through the full product lifecycle
* Implement security features and capabilities, develop and execute comprehensive security test strategies at multiple integration levels, and support major milestone deliveries (SRR, PDR, CDR, TRR, PRR)
* Brief security architectures and approaches to government customers and program leadership, translating complex security concepts for diverse audiences
* Collaborates and builds solutions with engineering teams to meet and exceed industry-standard security goals
* Collaborate with security assessment teams to assess Anduril’s products and integrated components to uncover potential weaknesses
* Collaborate cross-functionally with engineering teams to translate architectural requirements into implementations, and coordinate with security teams on threat modeling, validation, and testing

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in one or more of the following fields: Systems Security Engineering, Cybersecurity, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science
* Familiarity with security-relevant features on embedded hardware / FPGAs (e.g., secure boot, key management, etc.)
* Previous work on security engineering and architecture for defense / national security systems and/or complex embedded commercial systems
* Ability to effectively brief and interact regularly with highly technical government customers
* Strong understanding of the “why” behind the product, systems, and security design
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain at least a final active US Secret security clearance with SAP eligibility
* Must be able to obtain a Top Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Excels at the above listed Requirements
* Possesses and able to maintain a U.S. TS Security clearance with SCI and/or SAP eligibility
* Strong skills in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, Rust, Go, C/C++).
* Experience assessing security of firmware, applications, network, IoT, or embedded systems
* Fluency in modern USG cyber methodologies, including Cyber Survivability guidance and related policy (JSIG, ICD 503, CSEIG, SSECG, NIST SP 800-160, Cyber T&E Guidebook, CMMC, etc.)
* Experience developing cyber documentation for USG customers
* Proven track record of excelling across the broader Systems Security Engineering domain, encompassing embedded Systems Engineering, Cybersecurity, Cyber Resiliency, Software Security
* Experience creating and integrating with system design documentation in MBSE tools
* Experience integrating with Software Assurance, Supply Chain Risk Management, Configuration Management, and System Test
* Experience executing the Anti-Tamper process and authoring associated documentation
* Experience with security testing on DoD systems (e.g. penetration testing, red teaming, vulnerability assessments)
* Experience working with unmanned aircraft Group 3 class and above
* Experience working with government or national security space systems

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
