---
title: Software Engineer (Network), Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '4961005007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4961005007?gh_jid=4961005007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-30T17:10:13-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM** 

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is a lead provider of highly specialized engineering products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements and shape concepts of operation. We design, develop, and deliver exquisite capability across their mission set using commercially available and custom hardware and software. We provide critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements. 

**ABOUT THE JOB** 

We are looking for a Software Engineer with experience developing networked applications to join our rapidly growing team in Reston, Virginia. In this role you will be responsible for developing software across projects that may range from full-stack enterprise software to user-facing software on embedded and custom hardware devices on projects that may include the need to design, develop, test, and deploy systems that use commercial and custom networking and cloud technologies with a core focus on security. This role may include architecting, testing, securing, and interfacing with commercial internet transport layer and storage services, cloud services, VPN (commercial, WireGuard, etc.) and similar technologies. You may be building systems that can autodeploy, maintain, repair, and clean-up after themselves. 

Experience building and developing software with a strong understanding of modern internet protocols (TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, TLS, etc.) and analyzing network capture and analysis (PCAP and Zeek data) data. Other elements of the role may include porting and refactoring code bases between languages, performance tuning, integrating encryption systems, designing software architectures, front-end and back-end development, and other software development and engineering tasks as needed. You will need to work within tight timelines and resource constraints. 

**WHAT YOU’LL DO** 

* Work directly with project managers to write software for full-stack software and user-facing software.
* Work with existing teams to maintain and update existing software systems.
* Demonstrate the ability to learn new software and networking technologies quickly.
* Provide software designs, estimates, and schedules as needed to program and project management.
* Develop network data transport technologies and pipelines; build with custom and commercial components including cloud architectural components.
* Develop network capture, testing, and analysis systems to verify and validate security assumptions – work with test engineers to build repeatable testing plans.
* Adhere to software best practices and coding standards, perform code reviews, interact with revision control, build processes, and testing.
* Triage issues and investigate root cause failures.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields.
* 5+ years of experience in full-stack software development.
* 3+ years of experience developing networked systems, cloud infrastructure, secure communication systems, or similar.
* Experience working in constrained development environments, including air-gapped systems.
* Strong skills in C, C++, Python, and C#.
* Experience implementing well documented network and communication protocols, cryptographic systems, or similar.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance with Full Scope Polygraph.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* 5+ years of experience building top-to-bottom, full-stack (bare metal on up) networked systems and applications.
* Hands-on experience working in network security (e.g. threat hunting, cyber analysis, cyber defense/offense, reverse engineering, etc.)
* Strong focus on security.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
