---
title: Deputy Head of Production, Autonomous Airpower (Fury)
status: active
id: '4962385007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4962385007?gh_jid=4962385007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-10-30T09:08:37-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing : Manufacturing'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **We are looking for a Deputy Head of Production, Autonomous Airpower (Fury) to join our rapidly growing team at Arsenal 1, our cutting edge factory in Asheville, OH. As the Deputy Head of Production, you will work directly on our autonomous fighter jet, Fury. You will have the ability to have your fingerprints all over something that was just science fiction until now. You will own the short-to-mid-term strategy and execution for the manufacture of Fury. You will lead and collaborate with some of the most brilliant engineers and manufacturing talent in the world.** **What You'll Do:**

* Own production outcomes for Fury, standing up new manufacturing lines, including ramp plans, and people management.
* Create and execute a long-term strategy to rapidly scale production volumes from a prototype units per year to predictable production rates.
* Lead cross-functional production teams to execute plans that meet aggressive customer timelines.
* Partner with engineering to transition new designs and systems to production quickly and efficiently.
* Shape corporate tools and processes to support the unique needs of aerospace production.
* Triage production resources and focus to manage shifting priorities in a dynamic environment.
* Serve as a rallying point for production teams through strong leadership, advocacy, and on-site presence.

#### **Required Qualifications:**

* 8+ years of experience overseeing the production and test of complex electromechanical products.
* Ownership and successful execution of NPI for multiple complex hardware products.
* Strong leadership of large (100+ person) manufacturing teams.
* Experience directing and leading large cross functional teams across planning, supply chain, engineering, quality, and production teams to deliver products of the highest quality.
* A strong background in quality assurance, with a track record of driving a "quality-first" culture in a production environment.
* Past success operating in low rate and high rate manufacturing environments.
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.
* High ownership and ability to effectively manage multiple (6+) large projects and priorities in parallel, at a rapid pace, and report out on progress regularly.
* Ability to work onsite five days a week at our Asheville, OH campus (Arsenal 1).

#### **Preferred Qualifications:**

* 8+ years of experience overseeing the production of highly complex aerospace products.
* Success scaling production operations by 5x or more in a high-complexity manufacturing environment.
* Ownership and successful execution of NPI for multiple complex hardware products in the aerospace or hard tech.
* Deep experience with the niche supply chains for aerospace and robotics.
* Experience managing and operating in highly secure manufacturing environments.

US Salary Range

$170,000—$226,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
