---
title: Recruiting Coordinator (Contractor)
status: active
id: '4964512007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4964512007?gh_jid=4964512007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:46:26-04:00'
date: '2025-10-30T19:38:45-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : Talent Operations'
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Lexington, MA
- Seattle, WA
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a Recruiting Coordinator at Anduril, you will play an integral role in helping our company grow & scale. From helping to handle daily recruiting activities to encouraging candidate relationships and experiences along the way, you will be pivotal in helping fuel the company for tomorrow's success. Often you will be providing prospective candidates & new hires with their first impression of Anduril.

Our Recruiting Coordinator will work closely with our Recruiters, Sourcers, Hiring Managers, and Interviewers to support the growth of our fast-paced organization. This role is an integral part of the team and is responsible for managing all interview scheduling and related logistics. Additionally, this person will play a role in identifying areas for improvement and efficiency gains. Excellent candidate experience will be your goal, and you'll be our invaluable partner in helping guide candidates through Anduril's interview process. You possess excellent communication skills. You can shift gears at a moment's notice while being able to think proactively. And most importantly, you enjoy challenging yourself while helping to scale a world-class organization. Anduril has a positive, diverse, and supportive culture—we look for people who are curious, inventive, and work to be a little better every single day. In our work together, we aim to be smart, humble, hardworking, and, above all, collaborative.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage all logistics related to interview scheduling from receipt of scheduling request to conclusion of interview process
* Assist prospective candidates with travel and hotel accommodations through *Egencia*
* Update candidate records and manage interview coordination requests in *Greenhouse* (ATS) and *ModernLoop* (scheduling tool)
* Navigate interviewers' complex and dynamic schedules
* Correspond with candidates via phone, text, and email
* Find opportunities for interview process and system improvement, including identifying bottlenecks and improving candidate experience and scheduling efficiency
* Greet candidates with poise and confidence, facilitate the onsite interview process, and ensure an excellent candidate experience
* Build strong relationships with key stakeholders (Recruiters, Sourcers, Hiring Managers, Interviewers, Recruiting Coordination team)

### QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience as a Recruiting Coordinator or in Recruiting (at a fast-paced, growing company)
* Candidate-first mentality
* Able to work efficiently and prioritize tasks in a dynamic environment
* Relentless attention to detail and accuracy
* Great team player but can also work well independently with limited guidance
* Process-driven with strong habits and a passion for process improvement and efficiency
* Strong verbal and written communication skills with an emphasis on providing good customer service and building strong relationships
* Ability to remain composed and detail-oriented in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
* Positive attitude with a growth mindset
* Willing to work in-person at Anduril's Boston or Lexington, MA Office 4-5 days per week (may be required to work at either office, depending on interview locations that you are hosting)

### BONUS POINTS

* Experience using ATS applications; Greenhouse experience strongly preferred
* Proven experience scheduling within Outlook
* Familiarity with Slack
* Experience using ModernLoop
* Experience working with asynchronous and geographically diverse teams

US Hourly Range

$25—$37.50 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
