---
title: Technical Recruiter, Contract
status: active
id: '4971311007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4971311007?gh_jid=4971311007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-11-06T10:03:49-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : Recruiting'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As a key member of Anduril's recruiting team, you will be responsible for taking hiring requirements, sourcing and screening candidates, tracking/managing them through the interview process, closing hires, and reporting on metrics. To achieve this, you will be given the autonomy and tools to execute on our strategy to build and develop Anduril's world class team. We are looking for someone who can handle high levels of ownership while tackling every aspect of recruiting and is excited to be part of a small team where no task is too big or too small. This role primarily focuses on software recruiting for our Air & Ground Deterrence team, with occasional involvement in hardware recruiting.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Consistently source and track a high volume of candidates, while maintaining open lines of communication with stakeholders
* Establish deep trust and partnership with business leaders to help influence talent strategy while executing on hiring deliverables
* Develop a strong understanding of the mission while learning how to effectively pitch the team and opportunity, ultimately closing exceptional technical talent for the organization
* Track and analyze pipeline and performance data to gain insights into areas of improvement
* Build recruiting strategies that contribute to the long-range growth of the company, implementing best practices around referrals and process improvements where needed
* Act as a subject matter expert in prospecting techniques and tools used for information retrieval, data extraction, web-scraping, continuous process improvement, process automation, and candidate management
* Conduct interviews with potential candidates, demonstrating ability to anticipate hiring manager preferences through high interview-to-offer ratios
* Engage passive candidates using LinkedIn Recruiter, Boolean strings, referrals, and SOBO campaigns
* Drive diverse talent into the organization, consistently ensuring a positive candidate experience throughout the entire recruiting process with proactive communication and engagement

### **CORE REQUIREMENTS**

* 5+ years experience sourcing for technical roles & engaging top tier software talent
* Multiple years of experience managing stakeholder relationships, including working directly with Hiring Managers, driving strategic recruiting efforts based on business needs, profile calibration, and updating pipeline progress via reporting
* Strong understanding of the technical skills and experience required for software engineering positions within the business
* Clear and effective communication with candidates to understand motivation, drivers, and fit within the organization
* Experience managing various funnels of candidates and keeping track of their progress throughout the recruitment process
* Working knowledge of recruiting tools like Greenhouse and Gem
* Familiarity with a wide variety of sourcing avenues
* Experience acting in a consultative manner where your guidance has led to improved outcomes, and a positive candidate experience, while earning the respect of your peers and clients
* Ability to work autonomously with little supervision, while staying highly collaborative
* No task is beneath you. You’re a team player and hungry, go-getter that does “whatever it takes” to deliver for your teammates and stakeholders

### **PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS**

* Experience working at both a recruiting agency and fast-paced startup environment
* Experience recruiting for Software Engineer, Robotics Software Engineer, Systems Engineer, Program Manager and Technical Program Manager requisitions
* Experience recruiting for positions in the autonomous vehicle, robotics, or DoD field

US Salary Range

$120,000—$155,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
