---
title: Corporate Development Associate
status: active
id: '4971605007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4971605007?gh_jid=4971605007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T18:44:49-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Corporate Development'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Corporate Development team at Anduril has the coolest job in the tech sector - we lead Mergers & Acquisitions activities for the most interesting defense products company in the world, and we create meaningful strategic partnerships with other fast-moving startups and large global corporations. As a Corporate Development Associate, you will perform market research on areas of the market into which we are considering expansion, evaluate the capabilities of potential targets within that market, research previous M&A transactions and comparable public companies, value target businesses, and assist in deal execution.   
  
This role is most similar to an associate-level position in finance or strategy consulting, with slightly more focus on execution and tangible financial analysis and without the typical pretense of those industries.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* You will be cranking on analyses critical to developing a thesis on a market or specific company. It’s helpful if you are already familiar with the defense market, but fast learners can catch up pretty quickly. You will carefully scope research projects for our internal market research team, evaluate externally-produced research tools and reports, develop expert network screening questions and interview guides, navigate the federal budget and the J-books, and dive deeply into procurement data to understand market dynamics.
* We’re not huge on PowerPoint decks, but the slides you produce will be thoughtful, well-researched, and well-formatted for an executive audience.
* Financial modeling is also a component of this job. You should be capable of pulling comps and assembling a valuation model with the ability to change scenarios based on the unique attributes of a particular business.
* Obsessively take meeting notes, summarize findings and action items, and draft memos for internal and external executives. Track the progress we made on deals every week and summarize into work products catering to different internal audiences.
* Learn Anduril’s business top-to-bottom, and regularly interact with colleagues in hardware and software engineering, supply chain & manufacturing, finance, business development, government relations, etc.
* Manage confidential projects with very sensitive information.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You have 2+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, or private equity/venture capital.
* You are humble and hungry; no task is too small or beneath you, and you will bring a just-get-it-done mindset to work every day.
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move. We’d rather have to tell you to slow down than to speed up.
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You have strong analytical aptitude. You intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and models, and you are able to execute analyses quickly in Excel.
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership. This should excite you!
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data. Must also be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret-level Security Clearance.
* Previous experience in aerospace and defense highly preferred.
* Ability to travel 25 – 40% required.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
