---
title: Senior FPGA Engineer, Space
status: active
id: '4977488007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4977488007?gh_jid=4977488007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-11-12T15:40:35-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Sr. FPGA/SoC Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for developing FPGA/SoC firmware and overseeing 3rd party development. You will work with internal and external design teams to develop products for use in orbit. This will require architecture, RTL generation and debug.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Rapidly develop, test, and implement FPGA designs using Xilinx SoC/FPGA.
* Integrate third-party vendors IP, as necessary.
* Work with third-party developers to ensure timely product success
* Perform digital circuit design, VHDL/Verilog coding, synthesis, place and route, timing closure, simulation, and verification.
* Participate in entire design life cycle: from requirements and concept, through design and hand on testing/board bring up.
* Implement a variety of signal types such as high speed comms (ethernet, serial), signal processing (analog, digital).
* Ensure designs meet all relevant safety and performance standards, with traceability back to top-level system requirements, as necessary.
* Investigate and resolve bugs found during hand on testing (at HDL level and system level).

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5 years of experience preferred in FPGA/HDL hardware design. Experience with Xilinx SoC (Versal) is highly preferred.
* Familiarity with design software like Vivado (preferred), ModelSim, or Quartus.
* Proficient in VHDL and/or Verilog.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, challenging environment.
* Excellent problem-solving and organizational skills.
* Strong communication and teamwork skills.
* Experience in SoC hardware bring-up, preferably on ARM-based systems.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Working knowledge of designing for safety-critical functions.
* FPGA interfaces and high speed busses.
* Experience with systems on a Chip (SoC).
* Low-level firmware (C/C++) development for bring-up and test.
* Experience writing HDL for Space applications.

## 

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
