---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Discovery
status: active
id: '4980627007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4980627007?gh_jid=4980627007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-11-13T14:52:15-05:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States; Washington, District of Columbia, United
  States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : Golden Dome'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
- Washington, DC (909) (Archived)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
As a Software Engineer in Discovery, you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve critical outcomes. You will be given mentorship and leadership opportunities, and be expected to set the direction for technical teams.  
  
Above all, Software Engineers must be driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes on-time and with high quality. Not only will you build the software, but you'll also work directly with customers to deploy it.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Develop tools and capabilities that extend Anduril's Lattice OS to solve unique customer problems in the command and control of cyber assets, the planning and execution of offensive cyber missions, networking, and remote asset management in far-edge environments.
* Collaborate closely with customers, product designers, and other engineering teams to shape and build new software products and applications, optimizing for maximum value to the end user.
* Build, test, deploy, and demonstrate mission-critical code in a tight feedback loop with end users.
* Travel up to 25% of the time to participate in customer events and deploy capabilities in real-world scenarios.
* Contribute to the development of existing software services across Anduril, aiming to develop reusable components that contribute to success across multiple Anduril product lines.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* 7+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Rust, Go, JavaScript, etc.
* Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Experience making impactful technical architectural decisions, tradeoffs and engaging in engineering discussion with peers
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Developing and testing multi-agent autonomous systems and deploying in real-world environments
* Feature and algorithm development with an understanding of behavior trees
* Distributed communication networks and message standards
* Knowledge of military systems and operational tactics
* Experience mentoring junior engineers
* Experience and examples of architecting complex systems

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
