---
title: Senior Packaging Engineer, Electromechanical Hardware
status: active
id: '4980618007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4980618007?gh_jid=4980618007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-11-17T01:23:04-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Material Flow Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As Senior Packaging Engineer, you will work within the Supply Chain team to develop and maintain end-to-end packaging solutions (supplier packaging, internal packaging, and finished goods packaging). This is a proactive, high-impact role in securing critical components, materials, and services that protect and transport our products. Executing on this responsibility will entail active collaboration with other Anduril teams, including but not limited to Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate past holistic ownership on solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built and shipped under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Partner with Engineering, Production, and Supply Chain to design packaging that protects high-value and sensitive technology during transport, storage, and deployment
* Lead the design of internal packaging solutions for delivering and presenting parts to the production line and work with the Material Flow Engineering and Industrial Engineering teams on the implementation
* Conduct material selection and supplier packaging evaluations to ensure packaging components meet technical requirements
* Develop and review prototype requirements, execute against build milestones, and lead sourcing activities
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to aid in accurate demand forecasting, procurement planning, and timely delivery of packaging and materials
* Lead risk assessments and investigations for packaging-related issues in transportation and storage
* Utilize ERP & WMS software systems and tools to track packaging inventory, generate reports, and provide data-driven insights to support decision-making and optimization measures
* Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, safety standards, and quality control protocols in all material management activities

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering
* 5+ years of experience in packaging engineering in a high-rate supply chain or manufacturing environment, where complex mechanical and/or electrical assemblies are built
* Ability to travel up to 25% of the time
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering or materials engineering
* Experience with packaging solutions in the automotive, defense, semiconductor, or other relevant industries
* Experience or familiarity with relevant defense packaging and transportation standards
* Strong knowledge of supply chain principles, inventory management techniques, and material planning strategies
* Detail-oriented, highly organized, and capable of managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment
* Proficiency in using software systems and tools, such as AutoCAD, SolidWorks, PackAssistant
* Prior knowledge of NetSuite, Oracle or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Familiarity with MIL specs
* Knowledge of hazardous material packaging and compliance

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
