---
title: Software Engineer, Modelling & Simulation, Advanced Capabilities
status: active
id: '4981877007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4981877007?gh_jid=4981877007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-02T12:30:32-05:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - Advanced
  Capabilities'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is seeking a Software Engineer to join the Maneuver Dominance Advanced Capabilities team in our London office. The team is a strategic/future-looking organisation focused on delivering 3 core components - Capability Strategy, Mission Advantage and Maneuver Advantage. Leveraging analysis, Wargaming and Warfighter centric thinking, the team guides how Maneuver Dominance incubates, builds and deploys the capabilities needed to dominate in a future fight.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

This will be the first software engineering hire for our Advanced Capabilities team in London. You will lead development of modelling & simulation applications, infrastructure and services to enable operations analysis and wargaming in support of our product development and our customers. The ideal candidate would be practical, hands-on and a self starter with high growth potential.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Work on challenging problems in a fast-paced environment across our portfolio of programs and products.
* Develop our Modeling, Simulation, and Analysis (MS&A) framework to support mission-level concept exploration, tactics development, autonomous behaviors, and Software-in-the-Loop (SITL) product development.
* Develop simulation models for sensors, comms, movement, tactical behaviors, weapon effects, electronic effects, command and control, and others.
* Partner with Operations Analysis team members to deliver simulations capabilities that enable efficient Monte Carlo and Design of Experiments analysis.
* Partner with capability teams like Mission Autonomy to deliver simulation capabilities to help accelerate development.
* Work with multi-disciplinary subject matter experts to understand and adequately model pertinent sub-system, system and system of system dynamics.

**REQUIRED SKILLS**

* Advanced proficiency with C++ and/or Rust.
* Advanced proficiency with Python.
* Modeling, Simulation, and Analysis engineering or related industry background.
* Demonstrated curiosity and ability to learn outside of core discipline.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active UKSV Security Clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with aerospace/aeronautical systems (including fixed wing, rockets, satellites, rotorcraft, etc.)
* Experience in flight dynamics/platform physics and control
* Experience with developing sub-system and system level models (air vehicles, ground vehicles, ground-based sensors and other types of complex systems)
* Experience working with/developing multi-system mission level simulations in one or more domains (subsurface, surface, ground, air, and space)
* Experience in military simulation fields delivering configurable scenario-based environments for operations analysis and wargaming
* Experience of working within a start up environment.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
