---
title: Program Director, International, Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '4984294007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4984294007?gh_jid=4984294007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T19:29:47-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Autonomous Airpower Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (3515 Harbor)
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Success in this position hinges on four key facets:

1. Strategic Thinking and Decomposition: Ability to understand the long term objectives of the business, specific to international efforts, successfully develop a winning strategy that complies with export constraints while maximizing business objectives, and decompose into near term and long term plans.
2. Strategic understanding of the product and customer - have the ability to learn and understand customer needs and develop strategies to deliver a product to meet that need on a relevant timeline. Manage the relationship and shape the outcome to meet business line goals and increase customer satisfaction.
3. Execution focused - digging into the details, charting the path and owning the outcome. You will be expected to utilize your technical aptitude in conjunction with your program management, and leadership skills to deliver the best outcome for Anduril and the customer.
4. Collaborative partnership - managing relationships and shaping the future of the program with the various international customers and partners.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Develop and tailor the roadmap to capture international aircraft sales. Coordinate with many internal stakeholders to gain agreement on strategies, drive execution of strategies.
* Develop strong, trusting relationships with Anduril’s International customers, ensuring we have tight feedback loops that enable us shape solutions, rapidly iterate, and ultimately field solutions faster
* Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from internal engineering, customers, and executives to own successful delivery of outcomes on multiple programs simultaneously
* Monitor and manage program progress across cost, schedule, and resource allocation, making tradeoffs that enable us to deliver best-in-class solutions to our customers on-time and on-budget
* Develop and implement lightweight processes, tools, and metrics for program planning, scope management, risk management, and customer communication to enable Anduril to move rapidly
* Be high ownership on all pieces of work and become a trusted partner and advisor to Anduril’s engineers
* Collaborate with finance and business development teams to develop novel pricing strategies for proposals that set Anduril up for long term financial and operational success
* Collaborate with senior management to develop and refine the strategic roadmap for Anduril Air Dominance & Strike R&D investments that underpin the success of our program

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field (technical background preferred)
* Proven results leading teams capturing new business, ideally in a complex regulatory environment
* Proven track record of successfully managing complex, multi-million-dollar projects and driving their on-time, on-budget completion
* Strong strategic thinking, analytical, and problem-solving abilities with the ability to move seamlessly between tactical and the 30,000 ft level
* Experience coordinating multiple internal and external teams within a complex engineering or technology-focused organization
* Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences
* Preferred 4+ years experience managing the development of complex technical systems throughout the product lifecycle

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
