---
title: Senior Battery Engineer, Mechanical & Pack Design
status: active
id: '4984537007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4984537007?gh_jid=4984537007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T21:30:08-04:00'
date: '2025-11-17T17:05:02-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Electrical Engineering : Battery Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking an experienced Systems Engineer with expertise in energy storage subsystem development. Looking for a self-starter with technical experience in defense, aerospace, industrial or electrification industries to apply their skills to meet Anduril’s unique set of challenges. This individual will be responsible for energy storage development and systems engineering, from concept to production, while ensuring alignment with strategic business goals supporting the AD&S team. The engineer could also be involved in managing key vendor relationships, and ensuring performance and reliability in our cutting-edge technologies.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive end-to-end energy storage system (ESS) development on extremely accelerated timelines
* Take ownership to ensure successful battery pack delivery. Ex: meet cost targets, quickly identify and resolve reliability issues, support DFM to achieve reliable and low-cost manufacturing, etc.
* Serve as main interface between Core Battery Group and internal customers (Anduril product teams) to maintain positive and collaborative relationship

Execute and/or deliver on the following ESS development steps:

* Collaborate with program teams to define actionable ESS requirements from user story/CONOPs
* Drive battery cell selection with accelerated de-risk/validation
* Collaborate with mechanical engineers to deliver battery design revisions, including scaled "mini" modules, prototype modules, prototype packs, and A- B- and C-sample production packs and define the level of maturity required at each step
* Collaborate with manufacturing engineering to ramp from proto pack revisions to production units, while ensuring adequate validation and reliability verification with tools like DFMEAs
* Hands-on support of battery bring-up, test, debug, and vehicle integration
* Sustain fielded ESSs with root cause analysis and data processing to drive countermeasures/design updates as needed

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or fundamental Physical Sciences with applied application focus on energy storage technologies, with 5+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting energy storage systems
* Demonstrated delivery of one or more energy storage systems from prototype to production
* Meaningful support and contributions to battery pack manufacturing in LRiP and beyond
* Past ownership of battery pack design and prototype assembly
* Demonstrated experience in delivering robust, high-performance, energy storage systems with substantial technical ownership/contributions
* Professional awareness of: 1) Battery management system (BMS) electrical design 2) BMS algorithms and SW functionality 3) BMS validation against operational requirements
* Professional awareness of: 1) Battery cell characterization methods: mission profile validation, equivalent-circuit model characterization, cycle/calendar life assessment, safety features, etc. 2) Battery cell or pack modeling/simulation in Matlab or Simulink
* Basic capabilities and understanding of CAD tools (CATIA, NX, Solidworks)
* Understanding of UN38.3, NAVSEA S9310 and/or equivalent (UL, IEC) battery safety standards
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Graduate Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manuacturing Engineering, or fundamental Physical Sciences with a focus on energy storage technologies
* Understanding and familiarity with MIL-STD-882, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-704, MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-464
* Advanced experience designing battery pack components and sub-assemblies with CAD tools
* Advanced expertise with: 1) Battery management system (BMS) electrical design 2) BMS algorithms and SW functionality 3) BMS validation against operational requirements
* Advanced expertise with: 1) Battery cell characterization methods: mission profile validation, equivalent-circuit model characterization, cycle/calendar life assessment, safety features, etc. 2) Battery cell or pack modelling/simulation in Matlab or Simulink

US Salary Range

$132,000—$213,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
