---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Manufacturing Test
status: active
id: '4988675007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4988675007?gh_jid=4988675007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-11-20T14:31:31-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Production Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Mechanical Engineer III in the Manufacturing organization, you will design complex mechanical assemblies for PCBA and product level test systems. You will be designing fixtures with tight tolerances and pneumatic / manually actuated assemblies. You will need experience with surfaces to mate supports, jigs, and clamps to our shipping products. You will steer product design teams though your expertise of DFM / DFT, and enable complex analysis with FEA tools. The team will build and source large electromechanical fixtures for manufacturing test systems, your CAD designs, system level architecture, and experience with sensors and actuators will help us rebuild the arsenal.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build things that test things. Design mechanical assemblies using professional CAD design tools.
* Work with rapid fabrication teams or 3rd party suppliers to source equipment.
* Integrate your designs into Anduril’s PDM systems. You will follow the same process for component design and release that our product design teams use.
* Work with design teams to integrate mechanical DFM / DFT requirements into our products.
* Develop complex electromechanical systems within a multidisciplinary group. You will work directly with software and electrical engineers, solving problems to manufacture and test products in air, land and sea
* Generate test work instructions that can be easily followed by technician team in MES. Train technicians on equipment use as required.
* Determine root cause of product failures and recommend appropriate corrective actions (RCCA).
* Analyze test data, document results, and provide detailed reports to identify defects and areas for improvement.
* Collaborate with design engineers to provide feedback and recommendations for product enhancements based on test outcomes.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or related fields.
* 5+ years of relevant industry experience with emphasis on product designs that have gone to manufacturing.
* Expert capability with (at least one) Mechanical Design package(s).
* Experience with contract manufacturers, in-house fabrication, and prototyping process.
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as load cells, strain gauges, multimeters, etc.
* Strong root cause analysis skills of non-conforming hardware.
* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills.
* Familiar with Product Life Cycle (PLM) systems.
* Experience working on projects that involve the integration of electrical, mechanical, and software/firmware systems.
* Ability to obtain and maintain US DoD clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years of relevant industry experience.
* Pursuing a Master’s of Science in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science or related field.
* Familiarity with NX and Solidworks CAD design packages.
* Experience with PCBA test fixturing design.
* Experience working alongside Industrial Design or Product Design teams (surfacing, ergonomics, etc.)
* Experience with mechanical systems related test (Thermal, Vibration, etc.)
* Active Security Clearance or ability to obtain one.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
