---
title: Software Engineer, Space Systems Test
status: active
id: '4992181007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4992181007?gh_jid=4992181007
lastmod: '2026-06-10T02:09:57-04:00'
date: '2025-12-01T21:44:41-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Software Engineer, Systems Test for our Space team, you will be instrumental in designing, building, and deploying the cutting-edge software and infrastructure that verifies the functionality and performance of our integrated space systems and flight hardware. This role focuses on creating robust, extensible, and automated test platforms and software, intended to be used by Anduril engineers for testing at all levels of integration, including unit-level testing, bus testing, testing technology-differentiated payloads, and testing full space vehicle systems. You will be called to apply best practices in systems architecture and software development to address the complexity of modern software ecosystems, ensuring test software is resilient, maintainable, extensible, and highly automated. You will be responsible for architecting and executing software solutions for test execution, data collection, analysis, remote monitoring, and fleet-level reporting.  
  
This role is directly tied to ongoing, funded programs within Anduril’s Space Business Line. These programs require building and fielding resilient, software-defined spacecraft systems across numerous mission threads. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC*.*

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Architect and develop cloud-based software tools for automated space system test execution, data collection, analysis, remote monitoring, and fleet-level reporting, with an emphasis on extensibility and maintainability.
* Design and build automated test software platforms for use by other Anduril engineers to verify hardware modules, buses, payloads, and full space vehicle systems.
* Develop and maintain robust test reporting systems, ensuring test results are easy to investigate and providing clear logging for troubleshooting and anomaly resolution.
* Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring of test system performance.
* Collaborate closely with mechanical, electrical, and systems engineers to integrate test software with satellite hardware, software, and firmware.
* Integrate test software across numerous teams, collaboratively identifying testing requirements and defining verification and validation strategies.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Software Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
* Experience in designing, developing, and deploying automated test software and systems architecture for complex hardware, ideally in aerospace or robotics.
* Experience with cloud-based development, infrastructure, and data analysis tools.
* Proven ability to design for extensibility, maintainability, and resilience in software platforms.
* Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, C/C++, or similar, for developing robust test automation solutions.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements.
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight.
* Clear communication and organizational skills, including writing technical documentation and training material.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Advanced expertise with Python, Go, Rust, or C++.
* Experience with deployment tooling like Kubernetes, OpenShift, or Helm.
* Experience developing distributed systems or microservices for test infrastructure.
* Understanding of sensors and data acquisition electronics, with experience in developing software interfaces for them.
* Experience with testing/validation leveraging FlatSats, Hardware-in-the-Loop (HITL) testbeds.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
