---
title: Senior Site Reliability Engineer, Space
status: active
id: '4992186007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4992186007?gh_jid=4992186007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2025-12-22T17:22:54-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.  
  
The Space Domain Awareness Network (SDANet) is the anchor program in the Space organization, growing it’s support footprint from a handful to dozens of telescopes and Early Warning Radar systems globally. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
For SDANet to meet its mission objectives, a scalable deployment solution must be reached. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will re-imagine the infrastructure pipeline required to convert a nascent rollout process into a hardened test and release pipeline. An end-to-end solution involves developing a through line from pure software testing, to hardware, that is pushed from unclassified to classified spaces and rolled out to a fleet of Kubernetes nodes.  
  
You will be expected to wear the hat of a product manager, speaking to software developers, to discern bottlenecks in the development process to accelerate their velocity. You will develop modular CI/CD and developer capabilities to support newly formed programs in the Space organization.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Strongly proficient in utilizing cloud services like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.
* Configuring of Linux-based systems.
* Understanding of networking fundamentals.
* Strong communication skills and ability to collaborate across cross-functional teams.
* Have an intuition for finding solutions to complex problems that involve multiple first and third party technologies (related to simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, and networking).
* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Robotics, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strongly proficient in utilizing cloud services like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.
* Configuring of Linux-based systems.
* Understanding of networking fundamentals.
* Strong communication skills and ability to collaborate across cross-functional teams.
* Have an intuition for finding solutions to complex problems that involve multiple first and third party technologies (related to simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, and networking)
* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Robotics, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with deploying AWS environments, using EC2, VPC, S3, ECS/EKS, CloudWatch, AWS Config, IAM, Load Balancers and Cost Management.
* Proficiency in one or more of the following: Go, Rust, C++, Python.
* Experience with hardware integration testing.
* Track record of working with customers to deliver novel software capabilities.
* Experience or knowledge in network topology design, IT network engineering, and embedded device security.
* Experience with Nix, NixOS, nixpkgs.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
