---
title: 'Curriculum Developer '
status: active
id: '4997521007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4997521007?gh_jid=4997521007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T12:00:10-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T12:00:10-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Training & Adoption'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril Industries is seeking a Curriculum Developer to join our Training team to support our product operations and maintenance training programs. This role is critical to scaling internal knowledge, enabling product readiness, educating our customers, and aligning team capabilities with our mission-driven work. The Training Manager will work closely with subject matter experts (SMEs) across multiple business lines to analyze, design, develop, and deliver training programs that support our rapidly evolving product portfolio and operational landscape.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Collaborate with SMEs, engineers, product teams, and operators to identify training requirements and define clear learning outcomes.
* Conduct needs assessments to identify skill gaps and align training programs with business objectives.
* Design and develop curriculum frameworks, course outlines, evaluation, and instructional materials using the ADDIE and Kirkpatrick models, and other instructional design methodologies.
* Translate complex, technical information into engaging and digestible learning experiences for diverse audiences.
* Create content for blended learning formats including instructor-led training (ILT), e-learning modules, job aids, and hands-on practicals in support of both Train-the-Trainer and direct-to-customer deliverables
* Incorporate adult learning theory and industry best practices to drive knowledge retention, engagement, and performance outcomes.
* Partner with content creators, trainers, and other Training Team members to ensure programs are effectively delivered and assessed.
* Maintain version control, documentation standards, and compliance with internal training systems and platforms.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in curriculum development, instructional design, or training program management—ideally in a technical, engineering, or defense-related environment.
* Proven ability to partner with technical SMEs to extract and organize information into structured learning paths.
* Strong knowledge of instructional design models and frameworks, including ADDIE, SAM, Gange’s, Merrill’s, and other adult learning theories.
* Demonstrated experience project management skillsets, including: scope planning, communications, stakeholder alignment, monitoring, and closure.
* Experience developing training content for diverse modalities (ILT, VILT, eLearning, performance support tools).
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS

* Familiarity with defense, aerospace, robotics, virtual reality/augmented reality, or software systems.
* Experience using authoring tools such as Adobe Captivate, Articulate Storyline, Techsmith Camtasia, or similar.
* Understanding of Learning Management Systems (LMS) and training tracking tools (e.g., Cornerstone).
* Ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment.
* Ability to facilitate impactful, effective train-the-trainer events.
* Work history with complex engineering or operations-focused companies or Department of Defense.
* High attention to detail and quality in documentation and deliverables.
* Exceptional written, verbal, and visual communication skills.
* Bachelor’s degree in Instructional Design, Education, Technical Communication, or related field.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
