---
title: Senior Tactical C2 Software Engineer, Cloud
status: active
id: '4997974007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4997974007?gh_jid=4997974007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T11:17:21-04:00'
date: '2025-12-04T11:31:29-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Tactical Recon & Strike Engineering : TRS Software -
  Strategic UI'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for C2 Software Engineers to join our team. As a C2 Software Engineer at Anduril, you will be architecting and building out ground control automation software, implementing user interface applications from backend to frontend, deploying them to users, and making sure they're meeting users' requirements directly. You will be working alongside a team of engineers with diverse backgrounds as well as engaging with internal and external stakeholders. The C2 software is every Anduril customer's view into our company and products, so the reward is high and the opportunity is unbounded. The Tactical C2 Software team has openings for web/cloud (React/AWS), mobile (Android), and embedded software (Linux/NixOS) engineering specialties, so you choose how to make an impact on our team!

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design, build, test, and deploy real-time moving-map user interfaces for commanding missions and teams of autonomous systems.
* Define and implement APIs and services for datalink network communications, situational awareness and telemetry, robotics control and configuration, and sensor data like full motion video or signals intelligence.
* Regularly develop with modern full stack technologies for one or more C2 platforms:  
  + Cloud: Python, Golang, JavaScript/TypeScript, React, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform
  + Embedded: Python, C++, Rust, Embedded Linux, Nix/NixOS
* Test and evaluate your software at multiple levels of rigor using high-fidelity simulations, benchtop hardware, and live flight exercises at our various Anduril test sites across the country.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or another related technical degree.
* Proficiency in one or more skills of at least one of the C2 platforms listed above: Cloud, Mobile, or Embedded.
* Willingness to provide on call support to various internal or external customers.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with 3D geospatial analysis and mapping software such as ArcGIS, Cesium, OpenLayers, MapBox, or TAK.
* Experience with client/server networking technologies and relationships such as TCP/UDP/Multicast, HTTP (REST), or protobuf/gRPC.
* Experience with robotic systems where hardware, physical actuators, datalink networks, sensors and effectors are employed to translate software concepts to physical interactions with the world.
* Experience with build system and software lifecycle technologies such as CMake, Cargo, gradle, NixOS, CircleCI, Gitlab-CI, Docker, Python, Bash, and other developer operations tools.
* Experience developing user interface software that does not require Internet access or has local/offline functionality.
* Experience in a startup or small company working environment where deadlines are tight, requirements are open-ended, and the teams are often fewer than 10 people.
* Experience with government or military technology where safety is paramount, regulations must be balanced, and operational environments are tightly controlled.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
