---
title: Machine Learning Research Engineer
status: active
id: '4998882007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/4998882007?gh_jid=4998882007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2025-12-05T10:46:27-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform : Frontier AI'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Lattice software platform integrates together many sensors into a single cohesive view of the world, providing needed context for our users. AI Engineers on Anduril’s Frontier AI team build edge-compatible, generative AI systems into the Lattice software platform to provide features and products that improve autonomy and reduce cognitive burden on the warfighter. Specific applications include but are not limited to automating mission planning, battle-space understanding, voice-control of assets, and enabling higher-levels of autonomy.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Distill and fine-tune transformer architectures so they can be deployed onto edge devices or compute denied environments
* Propose and prototype LLM-based Agentic systems that help solve real world problems, leveraging the latest state-of-the-art techniques in the field
* Develop and maintain mission relevant benchmarks
* Work cross-functionally with different business lines across Anduril to help discover and scope new research problems

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* BS in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Electrical Engineering, or related field
* 5+ years experience developing and benchmarking ML algorithms
* Experience pushing and maintaining ML algorithms in production
* Strong Python skills with experience in ML frameworks such as PyTorch
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience fine-tuning transformer-based model
* Experience deploying deep-learning based models to edge devices or air gapped environments
* Prior experience in defense tech or start-up

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
