---
title: Product Quality Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5007201007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5007201007?gh_jid=5007201007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T19:11:54-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Product Quality Engineer, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable compute solutions. You will work with responsible engineers who are designing → building → and delivering complex customer programs. You will bring your technical knowledge and leadership skills to set objectives, build teams & processes, and drive projects to completion. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience to deliver highly complex, optimized, multi-disciplinary products and programs. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes with suppliers, work hands-on with engineering, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Willingness to engagement with product development Teams to achieve quality expectations for AIS products
* Drive product development to achieve quality experience for AIS products  by implementing product engineering activities like process development, verification, validation, and qualification of processes, parts and sub-assemblies.
* Drive clarity & resolution for development ambiguities associated with product maturity, process stability, and field performance that impact the product meeting it’s quality & reliability goals for volume production.
* Champion the transition from new product introduction (NPI) to a sustainable & predictable, high rate manufacturing process and supply chain.
* Own the elimination of product risk to improve reliability across the product lifecycle. Engage in quality activities from concept through development and manufacturing to field use.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Assist in Defining and improving such requirements.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap.
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities. Establish metrics for measuring quality and the factors that predict quality performance.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Support investigations, initiatives, and projects as needed, at the team or organization level.
* Own the identification and elimination of product quality risk to improve reliability across the product lifecycle. Support the quality planning from production concept/customer requirements through development and manufacturing to field use.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements to meet quality performance targets. Define and improve such requirements. Partner with production to ensure incoming material inspection, process control plans, and end of line test capture the essential quality requirements for successful customer shipments.
* Open to travel between HQ (CA) and Ohio based on program needs.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in aerospace/defense or similar hardware.
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of precision mechanical parts & sub-assemblies, PCBA, harnessing, avionics, systems integration, composites, propulsion systems, and lethality systems.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization. Leading the transition from engineering qualification to manufacturing variance testing for product quality coverage.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes.
* Application of industry standards and best practices to meet government customer quality expectations.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, Minitab, etc.)
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* 5-7 years of experience with developing quality systems for high volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in for communications systems used for Intelligence Community (IC) customers
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards
* Experience with government contracts and mil standard requirements
* Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks, Jira, Tableau, and Altium (or other PCBA and harness design software)

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
