---
title: 'Senior Maintenance Technician '
status: active
id: '5008965007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5008965007?gh_jid=5008965007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-10T01:29:44-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations : Production Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Manufacturing Operations Team is seeking a Senior Maintenance Technician to join our team. The Manufacturing Maintenance team is responsible for helping scale production at Anduril and ensuring maximum equipment uptime, a world class preventative maintenance program, and supporting line commissioning of our growing production landscape.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Senior Maintenance Technician, you will be involved in every aspect of the asset lifecycle from commissioning to preventative maintenance, to emergency maintenance, and calibration. The right person for this role has developed experience with automated conveyance technologies, controls and vision systems, torque tools, and more across multiple platforms for a variety of product lines, groups, or businesses and integrated with both internal and external customers. If you are someone who wants to develop innovative, adaptive, flexible, creative approaches to equipment and maintenance and develop unified solutions for lots of stakeholders then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Support design, construction, commissioning, and start-up of production systems at new factory sites, ensuring successful delivery of the factory and products off the line.
* Provide technical feedback on product processes, materials, and technologies to mitigate risks and meet production performance and timelines in new facilities.
* Work hands-on to expedite project completion under extremely tight timelines.
* Collaborate with product design, manufacturing engineering, operations, facilities and construction, environmental safety & health, and finance to deliver creative and effective production system solutions.
* Ensure the operational availability of a wide array of manufacturing equipment by installing, maintaining, and repairing mechanical and electrical systems, torque tools, factory automation, and robotics.
* Partner with high-caliber controls and equipment engineering teams to improve equipment reliability and minimize or eliminate downtime.
* Act as first-responding problem solvers, managing machine breakdown recoveries to keep production running.
* This is a physically demanding job working in tight spaces, requiring walking and standing all day, as well as, bending, squatting, kneeling, climbing ladders, and lying on the ground intermittently throughout the day.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years of experience setting up, integrating, and troubleshooting automated systems AND/OR torque tools to support processes technology development, manufacturing engineering, and/or production/process engineering
* Technology development experience in automated equipment, testing, and torque tools
* Ability to work hands-on in a manufacturing environment, next to operations and manufacturing engineering to understand and optimize the production system.
* Experience in a startup or fast paced environment with rapidly changing demands and unclear requirements
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Prior work with engineering partners and/or contractors to build, improve or modify automated production systems
* Process improvement, including justification of return on investment for process or operational changes
* Application of lean manufacturing and linear flow principles in a production environment
* Hands on experience with the leading automated torque tool makers and high volume coating, dispensing, and inspection

US Hourly Range

$48—$57 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
