---
title: Real Estate and Facilities Analyst, Connected Warfare
status: active
id: '5008443007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5008443007?gh_jid=5008443007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T15:18:29-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Connected Warfare Capture'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for time sensitive decisions, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.  
  
**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
  
We are seeking a motivated and detail-oriented Real Estate and Facilities Analyst to join the Connected Warfare team. A successful candidate will have a strong foundation in requirements gathering, data analysis, and cross-functional project management. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter and excellent communicator and collaborator, showing a passion for learning and growth. This role will work closely with multiple teams across the Connected Warfare division and the broader company to identify and quantify emerging real estate and facilities needs, optimize existing facilities utilization, and rapidly build enduring and efficient business processes as we scale.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Develop the Connected Warfare division’s comprehensive facilities forecast across production space, R&D space, and office space
* Collaborate with engineering, production, and industrial engineering teams to calculate space requirements for the division on a 5-year time horizon
* Develop expertise in cloud-based facilities planning software, and own data accuracy
* Own, communicate, and defend divisional space planning roadmaps to senior leadership
* Optimize existing office and facilities workspace through continuous monitoring of utilization against benchmarks
* Work with internal teams to identify opportunities for process improvements and implement changes to increase real estate efficiency and productivity

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3-5 years of experience in business operations, financial analysis, real estate, or a related field
* Demonstrated bias towards action
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to think strategically
* Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills
* Strong foundation in PowerPoint, Excel, and data visualization
* Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, with multiple priorities and deadlines
* Strong passion for learning and growth, with a willingness to take on new challenges and responsibilities
* Willingness to take ownership of ambiguous problems end-to-end, driving to resolution across multiple teams and stakeholders
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in manufacturing or industrial engineering

US Hourly Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
