---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Generalist
status: active
id: '5009118007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5009118007?gh_jid=5009118007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-26T17:50:27-05:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'Templates: ENG'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

At Anduril, our Software Engineers are at the forefront of defense technology, crafting high-impact, cutting-edge solutions that redefine innovation. You'll dive into a diverse range of projects, partnering with brilliant minds across disciplines to engineer robust software systems that empower our mission-critical operations. We're seeking talented backend generalist software engineers on several teams to contribute to projects that are shaping the future of defense.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Design, develop, and maintain scalable, reliable, and secure back-end services that power our mission-critical applications and systems.
* Architect and implement robust data models, databases, and data pipelines to support extensive data processing, analysis, and storage requirements.
* Collaborate with front-end engineers, robotics engineers, and other stakeholders to define service requirements and ensure seamless integration of back-end components.
* Optimize system performance, identify bottlenecks, and implement solutions for efficient data flow and application responsiveness.
* Contribute to the entire software development lifecycle, from conceptualization and design to implementation, testing, deployment, and ongoing maintenance of distributed systems.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* **Strong Technical Foundation:** A solid academic background in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics, providing a deep understanding of computer systems and algorithms.
* **Proficient in Backend Languages:** Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience developing production-ready back-end software using languages such as Go, Python, Java, Rust, or C++.
* **Data Systems Expertise:** Demonstrated success in designing, implementing, and managing various data storage solutions (e.g., relational databases, NoSQL databases) and building efficient data processing pipelines.
* **Mastering Complex Systems:** Aptitude for quickly learning and effectively contributing within sophisticated, distributed back-end systems and codebases.
* **Driven by Real-World Impact:** A proactive drive and enthusiasm for developing mission-critical back-end software that demonstrably supports vital operations and makes a significant real-world difference.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

*This job post is inclusive of openings within various teams. Successful candidates will be matched to a specific team at a subsequent stage of the recruitment process.*

*The roles considered for this job post may require travel. The extent of travel will vary by role.*

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
