---
title: Manufacturing Specialist, Drones
status: active
id: '5009692007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5009692007?gh_jid=5009692007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-16T11:18:17-05:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (SA4)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Our Manufacturing Team is dedicated to rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge drone hardware for operational and testing applications. Our responsibilities span the entire manufacturing value-chain—from design for manufacturability, tooling design and selection, process creation and optimization, to quality planning and comprehensive work documentation.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Manufacturing Specialist to join our rapidly growing team in Santa Ana, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for the assembly, repair, and testing of advanced drone systems while supporting new product introductions and process improvements. You will work closely with manufacturing and support engineers, draft and update technical documentation, and build fixtures to ensure the highest quality and reliability of our drone hardware. This will require expertise in mechanical troubleshooting, precision machining, blueprint reading, and hands-on maintenance and repair. If you are someone who thrives in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, with strong communication skills and a passion for continuous improvement, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Collaborate with manufacturing and support engineers on production processes and new product introductions
* Execute repair and maintenance tasks for drones and assemble fixtures according to quality standards
* Conduct rigorous testing and qualification validations while driving process improvements
* Draft, write, and update procedures for drone manufacturing and repair
* Design and build tooling and fixtures to support new testing requirements
* Travel up to 20% for offsite test support and project requirements

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven experience in high volume manufacturing and assembly within aerospace, military, or other high-reliability industries.
* 5 years of strong mechanical troubleshooting and repair skills, with experience in maintaining and upgrading production processes.
* Excellent blueprint reading, technical documentation, and test procedure development skills.
* Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment while maintaining meticulous attention to detail.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Prior experience with drone systems or related unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
* Demonstrated capability to train new hires or lead small teams in a manufacturing environment.
* Familiarity with lean manufacturing methodologies (5S, TPM) and process improvement strategies.
* Experience in drafting and revising standard operating procedures for technical processes.

US Hourly Range

$38—$45 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
