---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Payloads, Surface Maritime
status: active
id: '5014444007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5014444007?gh_jid=5014444007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-05T09:21:42-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The **Maritime Software Engineering** team builds, deploys, integrates, extends, and scales Anduril's software on Maritime platforms to deliver mission-critical capabilities to our customers. As the software engineers closest to Anduril customers and end-users, Mission Software Engineers solve technical challenges of operational scenarios while owning the end-to-end delivery of winning capabilities.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a **Senior Software Engineer, Payloads** you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. You will be the leading edge of the Maritime Software team — working in a tight feedback loop with vehicle platform software engineers and ensuring that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. Above all, Mission Software Engineers are driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an *expedient*, *scalable*, and *pragmatic* way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design and implement trusted, safety critical Payload Management Systems that balance constraints, restrictions and requirements in a multi-stakeholder environment
* Design and implement scalable payload sub-systems including sensor processing, state estimation, contingency management, actuation, payload interfaces, and mission systems interfaces
* Develop real-time embedded software using an RTOS
* Develop device drivers and interfaces to a variety of sensors and actuators
* Create test and simulation fixtures that operate with both software-and hardware-in-the-loop
* Support payload manufacturing and deployment

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Mechatronics, Computer Science, Engineering, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* Professional experience working as a Software Engineer with one or more domains and/or technologies of competence
* Systems programming skills including algorithms, data structures, concurrency and optimization
* Capacity learn and grow individually, while mentoring junior team members effectively, contributing to team cohesion and capacity
* Capacity to learn and grow individually, while mentoring junior team members effectively, contributing to team cohesion and capacity
* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems
* Travel up to 30% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in design and development of embedded applications in autonomous vehicle software systems
* Experienced and proficient at writing C
* Familiarity with communications busses and protocols (e.g. CAN, CANFD, UART/RS232/RS422/RS485, SPI, QSPI, I2C, Ethernet, ARINC-825, ARINC-429, MIL-STD-1553, etc)
* Experience with an RTOS
* Experience with development of high assurance safety critical software applications
* Experience in developing interfaces to sensors and actuators
* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems
* Experience working with and testing electrical and mechanical systems
* Experience with DO-178, IEC 61508, or similar certifications
* Familiarity with navigation and communications systems
* Desire to grow in to a Tech-Lead-Manager role, with responsibility for line management of engineers, in addition to delivery
* Experience working with RF systems

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
