---
title: Environmental, Health, and Safety Engineer
status: active
id: '5015755007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5015755007?gh_jid=5015755007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T13:24:34-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : EH&S'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing the best technology talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in electromechanical hardware, artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of our defense force customers. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense.  
  
Anduril is looking for an experienced Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Specialist to support the development and implementation of EHS efforts. This role will ensure the facility and employees are compliant with all applicable EHS and defense standards.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Assist in all environmental permitting and testing efforts
* Coordinate with and serve as the main point of contact for local, state, and federal regulatory agencies (i.e. DEQ, EPA)
* Establish and maintain compliance with the EPA’s RMP program
* Establish and maintain adherence to waste management protocols
* Develop safety procedures, permits, and reports
* Develop, perform, and document safety inspections
* Assist with environmental and safety compliance audits and follow through with corrective actions
* Conduct training and safety performance field assessments
* Assist with hazard identification and risk assessments in operational areas
* Analyze incident trends and use risk assessment methods to identify improvement opportunities
* Provide on-site health and safety compliance support
* Perform other duties as assigned

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in EHS or a related field of study
* 3+ years of experience implementing and overseeing EHS programs within a manufacturing environment
* Demonstrated ability in conducting audits and inspections of all aspects of EHS
* Strong current knowledge of local, state, and federal EHS regulations or proven ability to quickly learn such material
* Experience obtaining local, state, and federal environmental permits
* Experience with hazard communication and incident investigations
* Experience using Microsoft applications
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working at a PSM/RMP regulated facility
* Experience working in an energetics manufacturing facility
* Experience with EPA, OSHA, DEQ, and ISO 14001 and/or 45001

US Salary Range

$66,000—$88,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
