---
title: Senior Machine Learning Engineer
status: active
id: '5016403007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5016403007?gh_jid=5016403007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-07T00:42:32-05:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

At Anduril Australia we are developing un-crewed maritime and air domain systems that leverage unsupervised autonomy for the delivery of long endurance, multi-mission capability to our customers. These projects, including but not limited to the Extra Large Autonomous Undersea Vehicle (XL-AUV) Program, require a Senior Machine Learning Engineer with deep experience developing, testing, validating and deploying machine-learning based sensor processing and the technical toolchains they rely on. The Senior Machine Learning Engineer strives to leverage their experience to rapidly architect, design, deliver, support, and evolve next generation autonomous vehicles through the entire product life-cycle.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead the design, development, integration and support of machine learning models for perception and data pipelines for a variety of autonomous systems across multiple sensor modalities
* Develop software to manage and automate the machine learning lifecycle, including data management, pipelining, labeling and training
* Manage model selection, training, validation, evaluation, deployment and regression testing
* Manage training data sourcing and integration, and quality
* Develop tools and processes for machine learning in a classified environment
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, mechanical engineers, and systems engineers, to ensure effective system integration and testing

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Mechatronics, Computer Science, Engineering, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* Experience in a senior role with the delivery of a production grade software system with a mature machine learning component
* Experience with the design, implementation and maintenance of ML Operations, including data acquisition, labeling, data curation, pipeline management, continuous integration, model versioning, and monitoring
* Ability to collaborate with data scientists and stakeholders to define and implement robust validation and verification strategies
* Experience with the delivery of computer vision capabilities, from the data side as well as the model side
* Capacity to work holistically on machine learning enabled capabilities up and down the software stack and through lifecycle through design, implementation, operation and sustainment
* Capacity to learn and grow individually, while mentoring junior team members effectively, building team cohesion and capacity
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an Australian Government Negative Vetting 2 security clearance (NV2)

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with the delivery of capability with a public sector customer
* Experience with workflow management tools such as flyte, airflow, and kubeflow
* Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch
* Experience with edge ML applications
* Experience with inference engines such as TensorRT
* Experience writing C++, Go, Python or Rust
* Proficiency in data management and traceability techniques to maintain high-quality datasets and enable reproducibility of experiments and results
* Desire to grow in to a Tech-Lead-Manager role, with responsibility for line management of engineers, in addition to delivery

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
