---
title: Senior RF Payload Engineer, Electronic Warfare
status: active
id: '5016967007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5016967007?gh_jid=5016967007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-07T13:47:51-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : EW RF'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are seeking an experienced RF Payload Engineer with a strong background in integrating RF systems into aircraft or relevant engineering fields to contribute to the design, development, and integration of payload systems. The RF Payload Engineer will be responsible for ensuring that all technical objectives are met while adhering to contractual requirements. This role will involve collaborating with cross-functional teams, customers, platforms, and coordinating with stakeholders to deliver innovative payload solutions that meet customer needs.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* RF systems test
* Platform integration
* Specifying ancillary RF equipment
* Setup trades and present to stakeholders
* Conduct hands-on, in-field testing
* Conduct co-site analysis
* EMI/EMC testing
* Platform integrations
* Field testing
* Create and carry out a verification and validation plan for the end to end system

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience experience in RF payload integrations or a related field, preferably in aerospace or defense industries.
* Electrical Engineering with emphasis in electromagnetic, RF, and antenna theory with Test Experience
* Basic understanding of Aerodynamics, Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs), Control Actuation Servos, and how those disciplines relate to overall system performance.
* Experience with data analysis, rapid prototyping, and early-stage customer deployment
* Hands-on testing and validation of RF systems
* Ability to engage technically with mechanical, electrical, firmware, sensors, and software leads
* High ownership, mission-oriented mentality. Desire to see the product meet the end need of the customer.
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented, with strong verbal & written communication skills
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Ability to travel as required for test planning and execution about 70% of time
* Already possess an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Real-world operational experience with small UAS systems in a military context desired
* Knowledge of regulatory standards and compliance requirements in the aerospace industry.
* Experience with project management tools and methodologies.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
