---
title: Program Manager, Explosives and Firearms Compliance
status: active
id: '5020190007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5020190007?gh_jid=5020190007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-21T15:38:50-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services : Lethality'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Energetics Team is responsible for the design and testing of complex munitions systems and transition them from prototype to production. The team is working exciting new ordnance technology across multiple platforms.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is looking for an experienced Program Manager, Explosives and Firearms Compliance to join our Costa Mesa team. Our Explosives Engineering & Operations team is dedicated to upholding the strictest adherence to all relevant regulations, policies, and industry best practices. As Program Manager, you will collaborate closely with product teams (Roadrunner, Bolt, Barracuda, Altius, Copperhead) to translate program and customer needs into compliant and risk-mitigated operational strategies. Your responsibilities will include championing the development and execution of compliance frameworks, designing and delivering essential explosives and firearms compliance training programs, leading thorough site inspections, and proactively managing the intricate regulatory requirements governing explosives and firearms.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Act as a primary point of contact for ATF and relevant DoD agencies regarding explosives and firearms compliance matters, responding to inquiries and facilitating inspections.
* Develop and implement comprehensive compliance programs that align with and exceed ATF and DoD explosive storage, handling, and transportation regulations.
* Conduct thorough site assessments and inspections to verify compliance with ATF licensing requirements, including storage magazines, security protocols, and record-keeping.
* Develop Standard Operating Procedures that addressing the lifecycle of explosive materials and firearms.
* Lead the development and delivery of specialized training programs for employees on ATF explosive regulations, DoD safety directives, and company-specific procedures.
* Collaborate with engineering and operations teams to translate program and customer requirements into designs and operational plans that are inherently compliant with ATF and DoD explosives regulations.
* Advise and assist in the ATF permitting and licensing processes, including applications, renewals, and any necessary amendments for explosive materials and activities.
* Support the development and review of hazard analyses and risk assessments to identify and mitigate potential non-compliance issues related to ATF and DoD regulations.
* Monitor changes in ATF and DoD regulations and guidance, and proactively update internal policies, procedures, and training materials to ensure ongoing compliance.
* Develop and maintain robust record-keeping systems that meet the stringent requirements of both ATF and DoD for all explosives and firearms-related activities.
* Advise and guide product teams on the regulatory implications of new technologies and system designs concerning ATF and DoD explosives and firearms regulations.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum of 10 years of progressive experience in a compliance, safety, or operational role with a strong focus on explosives and firearms regulations.
* Demonstrated expertise in interpreting and applying ATF regulations pertaining to the storage, handling, transportation, and record-keeping of explosives.
* Experience conducting site inspections and audits to assess regulatory compliance.
* Familiarity with developing and delivering training programs on technical and regulatory subjects.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to identify regulatory gaps and develop practical solutions.
* Proficiency in project management principles and the ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines effectively.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex regulatory requirements clearly to diverse audiences.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree or higher in engineering, science, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
* Functional understanding of DoD explosives safety standards and directives (e.g., applicable DoD Manuals, AFMANs, NAVSEAs).
* Previous experience working directly within or in close collaboration with ATF or DoD regulatory agencies.
* Proven experience navigating ATF permitting and licensing processes (e.g., FFLs, permits for explosive manufacturers, dealers, or users).
* Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification or detailed working knowledge.
* Familiarity with secure handling and storage requirements for controlled substances and firearms.
* Experience in the defense industry or with companies operating in highly regulated environments.
* Experience with the demilitarization and disposal of firearms.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
