---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Propulsion
status: active
id: '5023715007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5023715007?gh_jid=5023715007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T22:01:58-04:00'
date: '2026-03-30T14:04:43-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Core Technology Products : Propulsion'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is seeking a Mechanical Engineer to join the Propulsion Development team at our Santa Ana facility. The Propulsion team designs, develops, and qualifies engines that power Anduril's family of autonomous air vehicles. We take engines from concept through prototype, test, and into production on timelines measured in months. Our team operates at the intersection of high-performance rotating machinery, advanced manufacturing, and rapid flight test, delivering propulsion systems that are redefining what's possible for defense applications.  
  
You will work on engine development in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to test and fly new hardware within months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

Here you will work on core propulsion hardware development, including engine components, assemblies, and propulsion subsystems. The role requires high ownership and frequent collaboration with other core disciplines within the Propulsion team and across the broader vehicle programs. Ideal candidates are practical, hands-on, and self starters.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own and drive mechanical design and development of propulsion components and assemblies, overseeing the process from initial concept to low rate production.
* Lead technical efforts to define requirements, propose possible solutions, and establish a methodology for evaluating and verifying mechanical systems.
* Work in close partnership with other disciplines to ensure the electrical, software, and mechanical systems collectively form a reliable, flexible, cost-effective system.
* Spearhead design reviews, conduct analysis, visit vendors, prototype and implement hardware test plans.
* Actively contribute to the enhancement of team tools, templates, processes, and standards.
* Balance operational needs across engine subsystems while optimizing for performance, mass, manufacturability, and cost.
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed.
* Travel to test sites and vendors as needed.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS or MS in Mechanical Engineering
* 2+ years in a technical engineering role, or equivalent experience through student engineering teams (Formula SAE, Baja SAE, etc.), personal projects, or internships, demonstrating a high level of personal contribution
* Proven CAD skills and the ability to produce high-quality engineering models and drawings that comply with common industry standards.
* Strong understanding of engineering fundamentals in machine design, mechanisms, fluids, thermal, and structures
* Hands-on prototyping, fabrication, and assembly skills, including experience with shop tools, machining, and soldering
* Knowledge of manufacturing processes (CNC machining, 3D printing, castings, sheet metal, composites) and ability to design for manufacturability
* US Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Hands-on experience with engine design, assembly, or testing (turbine, automotive, etc.)
* Solid understanding and application of GD&T, including tolerancing for high-speed rotating machinery
* Experience in NX/Teamcenter, including managing design releases from prototype to production
* Experience with Python, MATLAB, or similar tools for engineering analysis (structural, dynamic, CFD, etc.)
* Experience working with and integrating electromechanical components into mechanical designs, including motors, controllers, and sensors

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
