---
title: Deployments Analyst
status: active
id: '5024931007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5024931007?gh_jid=5024931007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T21:03:34-04:00'
date: '2026-01-15T17:03:23-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Deployment Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Deployments team is responsible for managing the coordination and execution of fielding Anduril’s products and hardware. Working across product, engineering, sales, and account management, Deployments is in charge of all Logistics and Technical Operations (field operations). This includes forward logistics, site installation and set up for new customer deployments/test events/demonstrations, maintenance & repairs, field inventory management, and reverse logistics. Deployments works side-by-side with Anduril’s Growth and Engineering teams to understand the specific problem sets for each new deployment and then shapes the plan to fit the mission needs. The team is a crucial component of ensuring customer and mission success, so therefore plays a critical role in the shaping and future of Anduril Industries.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Deployments Analyst to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will own the data that informs strategic and day-to-day decision making within Deployment Operations. You will partner with teams through the Global Deployments and Planning division and end-to-end Deployment process to develop workflow tools and dashboards focused on streamlining user workflows.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop workflow internal tools to streamline Deployment Operations day-to-day processes and reinforce data quality standards.
* Work deeply within data and systems, becoming intimately familiar with how our business systems (ERP, Jira, Salesforce, etc.) function, and how to leverage data from them to create insights and analytics.
* Take full ownership of projects, guiding them from the initial problem framing and analysis phase through development and successful execution.
* Lead KPI reporting for Deployment Operations leadership, collaborating closely with Division and Business Lines to gain deep insights into team-specific processes and ensure accurate, actionable metrics.
* Execute ad hoc analyses with internal and cross-functional teams to support critical operational and financial decision-making.
* Collaborate with software teams to define, document, and manage the specific requirements of Deployment Operations within business systems, ensuring that all operational needs are effectively addressed and integrated.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years of experience in business analyst, internal operations, or logistics role.
* Demonstrated growth mindset with a willingness to learn, adapt, and continuously improve in a dynamic environment.
* Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with key stakeholders, and all levels of management.
* Experience in utilizing enterprise resource planning (ERP) and project management systems to analyze and manage business data.
* Skilled in developing and implementing workflow tools and reporting structures to enhance operational efficiency.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.

## 

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
