---
title: Lead Financial Analyst, Corporate Finance
status: active
id: '5025967007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5025967007?gh_jid=5025967007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-15T18:10:16-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are seeking a seasoned Senior Financial Analyst with 3-7 years of experience to join our Corporate FP&A team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in business partnering, cash flow management, financial modeling, balance sheet analysis, and process improvement. This individual will be instrumental in driving the financial planning and analysis function, guiding strategic decision-making, and optimizing financial performance.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Financial Planning & Analysis**  
  + Own reporting, budgeting, forecasting, and business partnering for multiple SG&A departments
  + Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Corporate Operations and Accounting, to prepare annual budgets, quarterly forecasts, and long-term financial plans
  + Analyze current and past financial data and performance, preparing reports, scenarios and projections based on this analysis
  + Evaluate financial performance by comparing and analyzing actual results with plans and forecasts
* **Cash Flow & Balance Sheet Management**  
  + Support cash flow forecasting and management efforts, ensuring liquidity and financial stability
  + Conduct thorough balance sheet analyses and report on key financial indicators
* **Financial Modeling & Analysis**  
  + Build comprehensive financial models to support strategic initiatives and decision-making
  + Conduct sensitivity analysis of impacts driven by various risks and opportunities
  + Develop analytics and automations to drive insights into business trends and performance
* **Performance Monitoring & Reporting**  
  + Monitor and report on financial performance, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variances
  + Understand the underlying reasons, drivers, second-order impacts, and interconnected effects of financial trends
  + Serve as subject matter expert on drivers, project codes, variance analysis, commentary, and GL hygiene
  + Lead the development of executive-level reporting and present financial insights to senior management
  + Develop insightful presentations that clearly communicate complex financial data through easy-to-digest visuals and commentary
* **Process Improvement**  
  + Identify and implement process improvements to streamline FP&A activities and enhance reporting accuracy
  + Drive continuous improvement in financial reporting tools, systems, and procedures

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field; MBA/MS or relevant professional certification (CPA, CFA, FMVA, CMA) is a plus
* 3-7 years of experience in financial analysis, modeling, and forecasting within a finance, corporate FP&A, investment banking, or consulting environment
* Strong expertise in cash flow management and working capital optimization
* Advanced proficiency in Excel, financial modeling, and data analysis tools
* Demonstrated ability to lead process improvement initiatives in a finance function
* Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey complex financial information in an understandable manner
* Proven track record of managing multiple projects in a deadline-driven environment
* Experience with financial reporting tools and ERP systems (i.e., Anaplan, NetSuite, Oracle, Foundry)
* Must be authorized to work in the United States

US Salary Range

$129,000—$150,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
