---
title: Lead Manufacturing Engineer, Analytics
status: active
id: '5025870007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5025870007?gh_jid=5025870007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T01:51:57-04:00'
date: '2026-01-15T16:31:31-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Analytics'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Digital Manufacturing team is seeking a Lead Manufacturing Engineer, Analytics to join our team. The Digital Manufacturing team plays a pivotal role in optimizing manufacturing operations through the implementation and management and advanced digital solutions. The team ensures that manufacturing processes are efficient, scalable, and integrated with the latest industry standards.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Lead Manufacturing Engineer, Analytics you will lead a small team of engineers and develop analytical solutions that support day-to-day decision-making for the product lines, functions, and new products under development. The right person for this role has strong technical and analytical skills that can be applied and implemented in a real-world environment to drive outcomes for the business.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead and guide a small team of Manufacturing Engineers, Analytics as they develop new solutions and maintain / improve existing solutions.
* Engage with relevant manufacturing and cross-functional stakeholders to ensure your team’s success.
* Work with manufacturing leadership to develop and implement manufacturing solutions leveraging analytics that enhance productivity, reduce costs, and improve quality.
* Conduct detailed analysis of manufacturing data, including production metrics, process flow, and resource utilization, to identify areas for improvement.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment of efforts with overall business objectives.
* Monitor industry trends and best practices to keep our manufacturing processes at and analytical tools the cutting edge.
* Create and maintain comprehensive documentation of analytical solutions strategies for continuous improvement.
* Lead and facilitate kaizen, lean manufacturing, or six sigma initiatives to optimize production processes.
* Provide strategic input into capacity planning and workforce management to ensure scalability of operations.
* Implement and refine manufacturing KPIs to measure performance and drive accountability.
* Support new product development from a manufacturing perspective, ensuring manufacturability and cost-effectiveness.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Manufacturing Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Operations Management, Data Science, Software Engineering or related field. Master’s degree preferred (either MBA or MS of Engineering).
* Experience and expertise developing insights and solutions using data visualization tools: SQL, Python, Typescript, Tableau, PowerBI, PLTR Foundry, MS VBA, etc...
* 8+ years of experience in a manufacturing strategy or analysis role, with a track record of tangible insights and their implementations that drove results.
* 2+ years of experience in directly managing a team or experience in complex, cross-functional project management
* Ability to quickly understand new operations and potential issues on the product line and can speak the language.
* Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, and analyze significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
* Strength working with manufacturing leadership to conceptualize solutions and gain / understand requirements
* Familiarity with manufacturing software and advanced proficiency in statistical analysis and data presentation tools.
* Excellent communication and presentation skills, capable of conveying complex information in an understandable manner.
* Experience with lean manufacturing principles and process improvement methodologies such as Six Sigma.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and lead cross-functional projects.
* Adept at managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced manufacturing environment.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export-controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
