---
title: Operations Analyst, Quality Control
status: active
id: '5025986007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5025986007?gh_jid=5025986007
lastmod: '2026-07-09T20:47:09-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T20:47:09-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Quality Control : Production Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## ABOUT ANDURIL INDUSTRIES

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform US and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the speed, agile product development, and private funding of Silicon Valley to the defense sector, Anduril is rewriting the playbook for how military systems are designed, built, and fielded. Our technology—including autonomous aircraft, distributed sensor networks, and counter-UAS systems—is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-enabled operating system that fuses data from thousands of sensors to provide real-time situational awareness and command and control. We are growing rapidly and looking for passionate, driven individuals to help us buithe future of defense.

## THE ROLE

We are looking for an **Operations Analyst, Quality Control** who combines analytical skills with inspection & quality control knowledge to improve production efficiency, reduce rework, and manage quality data. You will partner with the quality control manager, supervisors, leads, and other data analytics team members to effectively manage the execution and continuous improvement of quality control operations.

As an analyst, you will be responsible for developing and analyzing performance for labor, processes execution, continuous improvement, and impact to quality across various functions. You will partner across the quality, reliability, and system safety organization and provide analytical support to analyze process and product quality issues that impact the effectiveness of the incoming materials inspection process, in-process quality control, supplier quality control, and the overall quality of Anduril's products. This role will focus on both product quality issues as well as process issues that impact efficiencies and completeness of the inspection operations.

## 

## WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Standardize & Align:** Develop and maintain operational standards, performance targets, and ensure consistent application throughout the team.
* **Resource Optimization:** Drive resource alignment & inspector capabilities to measured data for: Incoming/Receiving Material Inspection, In-process inspection, End-of-line Inspection, material containment, supplier quality control, and MRB inspection operations.
* **Process Improvement:** Drive processes to identify areas for improvement for incoming quality control, in-process quality control, and supplier quality control (source inspection).
* **Data & Analytics:** Conduct complex analysis and investigation of quality control activities. Direct users to utilize analytic dashboards, troubleshoot existing dashboard accuracy, and provide modifications & improvements to increase dashboard effectiveness.
* **Data Integrity:** Drive transactional data quality improvement activities and drive the elimination of variance for future data quality issues with the Quality Intelligence team.
* **Enablement:** Support the adoption and usage of data-driven decision-making with supervisors and leads within the quality control organization.
* **Cross-functional Collaboration:** Analyze product & process health data and drive improvement activities with product quality engineers and supply quality engineers.
* **Collaborate & Deliver:** Partner with Quality Engineering in the creation of inspection plans for incoming materials, parts, and assemblies from suppliers and monitor their compliance. Collaborate with other managers/departments to ensure product is delivered on time.
* **Continuous Improvement:** Utilize Lean Principles to improve key KPIs/Processes such as On-Time Delivery and Product Quality. Innovate with the Quality Intelligence team to improve analytical capabilities.
* **Knowledge Sharing:** Share lessons learned across the organization and to partner sites. Analyze data and develop insights to scale quality management processes across hardware products.

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Operations, or a related field of study.
* 3+ years of progressive business systems, operations, or Quality experience within a production environment.
* 1+ years of experience supporting management roles (supervisors, leads, and functional area managers).
* Basic knowledge of budgetary processes and operational reporting.
* Proficiency in, and a love for, modeling and scripting languages (e.g., Python, MATLAB, Simulink).
* Experience performing data collection and statistical analysis on data to drive operational decisions.
* Analyze production or inspection execution results and provide feedback to production, manufacturing engineering, and quality engineering departments.
* Experience communicating with suppliers and cross-functional teams.
* Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey complex technical information in written, visual, and spoken form to diverse audiences.
* Strong attention to detail, observation, organizational, problem-solving, and leadership skills.
* In-depth knowledge of Quality Improvement and Lean Manufacturing methodologies.
* U.S. Person Status is required as this position needs to access controlled data.

## 

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in a data coordinator, data analysis, quality analytics, or business intelligence role.
* Advanced proficiency in SQL for querying large datasets across multiple systems.
* Experience with data systems, QMS software, automated data collection tools, and a savviness to generate reporting, data visualization, and data queries.
* Experience with RCCA, 8D, and other methodologies for driving root cause and corrective action analysis.
* Knowledge of Six Sigma, TQM, TPS, Lean, and Low Rate Initial Production (LRIP).
* Direct experience conducting research and analyzing data to gain insights into the business.
* Detail-oriented self-starter with the ability to work with minimal supervision, taking ownership of work and completing tasks in a timely manner.
* Highly adaptable; able to pivot rapidly to changing work environments, priorities, and organizational needs.

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
