---
title: Mechanical Engineer,  Roadrunner
status: active
id: '5026759007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5026759007?gh_jid=5026759007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-20T14:30:43-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Roadrunner Mechanical'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Dominance and Strike Mechanical Engineering Team is responsible for designing and integrating advanced hardware for high speed air vehicles. Air Dominance and Strike Mechanical Engineers own the full development lifecycle, from concept generation, to integration and flight test, ensuring high-performance, resilient, and scalable mechanicalsystems that meet the demands of complex, contested environments.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Own designs from concept generation to real world use including avionics, mechanisms, thermal systems, fuel systems, and other general design tasks as required.
* Develop and integrate hardware on unmanned air vehicles.
* Use first principles physics as a basis for every decision.
* Lead design reviews, run analysis, visit vendors, define and execute hardware test plans.
* Build prototypes, analyze failures, and transition successful projects into production.
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed.
* Travel to test sites as needed.
* Support the design and analysis of composite structures, including the development of tooling essential for high-volume production.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or a related discipline
* 5+ years of experience in mechanical engineering or related roles
* Proficiency designing mechanical parts using CAD software (Siemens NX preferred)
* Understanding of scalable manufacturing methods for composites, metal components and plastics (e.g. machining, sheet metal, composites, 3D printing, injection molding, etc.)
* Strong technical knowledge in core engineering principles and first principles physics
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Broad experience working across multiple mechanical engineering domains (e.g. mechanisms, thermal systems, avionics, fuel systems, structures)
* Ability to adapt designs from metal components to composites, with a basic understanding of material trade-offs
* Knowledge of advanced manufacturing techniques for composites and plastics
* Hands-on experience with composites and tool design, including familiarity with out-of-autoclave fabrication methods
* Experience in thermal and structural analysis

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
