---
title: CAD Design Engineer, NX/Creo/Catia & Teamcenter/Winchill
status: active
id: '5029084007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5029084007?gh_jid=5029084007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-10T19:16:26-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services : Electrical Integration'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is looking for a CAD Design Engineer that will oversee the implementation and management of the Siemens NX and Capital toolsets for use in schematic creation, harness modeling and drawing creation.

#### RESPONSIBILITIES

* Specialize in Siemens NX, Capital & Teamcenter implementation and support.
* Work side by side with the EWIS team to further expand and support the Siemens NX and Capital tools for harness design at Anduril and support the company mission.
* Understand the EWIS design process and develop workflows and best practices for NX and Capital that promote adherence to the process.
* Develop and enforce standards for CAD modeling and PLM data entry to ensure consistency. Maintain part and drawing templates for the EWIS organization.
* Customize CAD software to fit specific organizational needs through scripting or programming.
* Create and maintain libraries of standardized design elements and documentation templates in both Siemens NX and Capital.
* Customize interfaces and functionalities to enhance user experience and efficiency.
* Implement & maintain a reuse library in NX, creating and maintaining NX part families.
* Develop detailed documentation for system configurations and procedures to support training and development.
* Support the development and deployment of NX and Capital Tools, such as attribute mapping.
* Manage EWIS Commercially Off the Shelf (COTS) hardware within TeamCenter.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* At least 3 years of professional experience, preferably in the aerospace industry.
* In-depth knowledge of NX/Creo/Catia & Teamcenter/Winchill PLM integration.
* In-depth knowledge of Teamcenter/Winchill PLM environment and architecture.
* Experience routing harnesses and creating electrical components in NX/Creo/Catia.
* Experience using Siemens Capital Toolset (Harness, Logic, Topology, Component Manager), or a similar tool.
* Experience deploying a reusable COTS library.
* Familiar with Teamcenter/Winchill Classifications.
* Experience integrating 3rd party software within NX.
* Demonstrates sharp analytical abilities and adeptness in diagnosing and resolving both user and infrastructure issues.
* Self-sufficient and proactive, requiring minimal guidance to initiate tasks and follow through effectively. Possesses outstanding interpersonal skills, ensuring productive engagement with diverse team members across various departments.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS Engineering or Computer Science preferred.
* Experience with other CAD systems is a plus (CATIA, SolidWorks, PTC CREO)
* Proficiency in integrating CAD/CAM/CAE systems with PLM platforms, preferably Teamcenter.
* Familiar with JT files.
* Experience with NX Open or Capital API is a big plus.
* Programing skills: Java, Python or C#.
* Experience with Capital Teamcenter integration.
* Experience with the administration of Siemens Capital.
* Background in supporting large manufacturing organizations and design practices.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$80,000—$170,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
