---
title: Systems Engineer, EW
status: active
id: '5030944007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5030944007?gh_jid=5030944007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-21T18:06:41-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are seeking an experienced Senior Systems Engineer to join our Electronic Warfare (EW) team supporting various Electronic Support Measures (ESM) and Electronic Attack (EA) / Electronic Counter Measures (ECM) Systems. This is an exciting role which provides an opportunity to work across the full product life cycle, from concept to deployment.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with system design, development and test of ESM and EA / ECM in one or more of the following ground-based or aerial EW domains:
  + Counter-Radar
  + Counter-UAS
  + Counter-Comms (Wireless protocols: Bluetooth, 3G/4G/5G, Wi-Fi, etc)
  + Counter-PNT
  + Counter-RCIED
* Experience with embedded devices and Software Defined Radios (SDRs).
* Experience with system requirements creation, requirement traceability, and requirement verification and validation.
* Experience coordinating across disciplines to ensure system requirements and design are properly and thoroughly defined, implemented, and validated.
* Experience leading program teams through systems engineering reviews and owning related CDRLs including System Requirements Review (SRR), Preliminary Design Review (PDR), and Critical Design Review (CDR).
* Excellent technical writing skill with experience in writing white papers, proposals, trade studies, test plans, test procedures, and test reports.
* Skilled at explaining complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Excellent at balancing multiple projects at any given time.
* Enthusiastic about both working with a team and executing work individually.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret/Top Secret security clearance.

**Preferred qualifications:**

* Experience in SIL (System in Lab) design, setup and automation.
* Familiarity with RF systems and RF test equipment including multimeters, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, signal generators, and vector network analyzers.
* Experience with system level RF cascade analysis, co-site analysis, and mission modeling.
* Experience with mission modeling tools like AFSIM and STK.
* Flight Test experience and flight test data analysis.
* Experience in Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE), including the use of modelling tools (e.g. Cameo)
* Experience in integrating Firmware and Software builds on prototype and production grade hardware.

**BENEFITS**

* Platinum Benefits: We offer top tier platinum coverage (medical, dental, vision, life) and cover 100 percent of the premiums for you.
* 16 Weeks paid parental leave for all caregivers.
* Family planning: We’re proud to offer comprehensive family planning support. Fertility planning and treatment, adoption support, gestational carrier support and fertility preservation are all included.
* Unlimited Provisions: From breakfast to dinner, our kitchen team has you covered with healthy meals and snacks at every office.
* Commuter benefits depending on region.
* Relocation assistance.
* Unlimited and Incentivized Time Off.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
