---
title: Welder
status: active
id: '5030898007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5030898007?gh_jid=5030898007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T14:07:35-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Heavy Metal - Production : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**Welder/Fabricator, Maritime**

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s mos

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a real-time, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.  
  
**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril’s Manufacturing Technology Team is seeking a Welder/Fabricator, Maritime to join our team. The Maritime Manufacturing Technology Team is responsible for rapidly developing and implementing manufacturing materials, technologies and processes for cutting-edge defense hardware, including deployable static and moving surface, undersea and sea to air vehicles and scaling these products in our new manufacturing facilities.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
As a Welder/Fabricator, Maritime, you will be involved with fabricating prototypes and tooling that support the manufacturing development and assembly processes. Your skill set will be utilized to drive efficient, rapid, on-time production and start-up of the new production facilities for the new maritime vehicles. The right person for this role has a wealth of experience with different materials and processes. If you are someone who wants to help develop innovative, adaptive, flexible, creative approaches to design and manufacturing and develop unified solutions for lots of stakeholders then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Assist in the development, innovation, and creation of the manufacturing technology team’s solutions for new machining and welding processes and technologies supporting product and factory development, the future production system creation, keeping lean manufacturing principles, integrated metrology and visual management top of mind, including technologies to improve production flow while enhancing product performance, space allocation and resource requirements across programs and products.
* Aid in product and production system design, and facility creation to ensure the most cost- and schedule-effective solutions for our factories that meets the needs of our products.
* Support design, construction, fabrication, and start-up of the production systems at new factory sites, ensuring successful delivery of the factory and products off the line.
* Provide recommendations based on your specific skill set in processes, materials, and technologies.
* Collaborate with product designers, manufacturing engineering, operations, facilities and construction, and environmental safety & health to deliver creative and effective production system designs, as well as external vendors supporting the design, construction, and commissioning of new facilities
* Experience in machining, fabrication, prototyping, and processes.
* Ability to work hands-on in a manufacturing environment, next to operations and manufacturing engineering to understand and optimize the production system.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export-controlled information or facilities
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$68,000—$90,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
