---
title: Technical Project Manager  — Connected Warfare
status: active
id: '5032459007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5032459007?gh_jid=5032459007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T21:29:24-05:00'
location: Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Technical Project Manager on the Connected Warfare team, you will be a technical leader spearheading initiatives into a new market. Your work will span the entire lifecycle of our efforts from engaging with customers, shaping technical requirements, integrating third party systems, and final delivery. This will require solving a wide variety of technical problems and making pragmatic engineering versus programmatic tradeoffs along the way. You will often be expected to self-direct, and to be comfortable navigating ambiguity. Above all, our engineers are driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering & programmatic decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

1. Technical Ownership: Own technical outcomes from end to end. Iterate on core data mesh technology to make optimal use of degraded networks. Develop connectors and APIs for legacy and cutting edge systems to integrate with Lattice. Create data flow pipelines that span horizontally and vertically across disparate networked systems and security domains. Mentor junior engineers from differing backgrounds.
2. Technical Execution: Develop the technical path for success of new efforts from conception onwards by writing & reviewing project plans and design documents, before spinning up the broader team to execute. Regularly engage with external stakeholders, particularly customers, to surface and clarify pain points and solve problems related to both day-to-day execution and overall technical programmatics.
3. Navigating Ambiguity: Execute on broad, ambiguous, and ambitious requirements from external customers. Seize the opportunity to shape requirements in favor of the optimal product for the client and the company. Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work.
4. Shape Growth Opportunities: Support the drafting of technical proposals, ensuring that potential projects and scaling opportunities are accurately scoped, resourced, and aligned with the organization's capabilities and strategic goals.
5. Stakeholder Management: Act as the primary technical liaison for the client, go deep into understanding their specific mission challenges and advocate for their needs within the engineering organization and ensure their feedback directly influences the engineering roadmap. Resolves technical conflicts between the team, internal stakeholders and the customer.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven customer-facing technical program management experience, preferably in the defense, national security, or aerospace domains. With the ability to create and maintain professional relationships with senior level Japanese customers and partners.
* Solid technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, software development lifecycle, challenges and risks; ability to work closely and effectively with engineering teams.
* Ability to work with internal and external stakeholders, across a wide range of technical comfort
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Ability to travel to client sites (50%)

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or an Engineering discipline
* Experience managing mission critical systems in operational environments
* Between 1-2 years previous experience as a technical lead or technical program manager
* Proven experience leading multi-disciplinary engineering teams to successful completion of projects
* Desire to grow into a Tech-Lead-Manager role, with responsibility for line management of engineers, in addition to delivery

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
