---
title: 'Senior Technical Program Manager, R&D - Active Clearance '
status: active
id: '5032227007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5032227007?gh_jid=5032227007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T17:04:13-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Program Manager focused on technology to enable the Autonomous Airpower Business Line, you will manage new technology development initiatives within the Internal Research and Development (IRAD) portfolio. Additionally, you will contribute to the execution of capture programs and help manage early-phase programs that have been won. Overall, this work will be diverse in nature, span hardware and software technologies, and require you to be flexible to adapt to changing situations. During all this, you must be able to successfully work with a wide variety of technical stakeholders, communicate plans clearly to all parties, and coordinate across teams to achieve the desired end state.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive scoping and execution of IRAD initiatives that make up the Autonomous Airpower IRAD Portfolio. These initiatives will enable the multi-year roadmap for the Autonomous Airpower Business Line.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, hardware engineers, chief engineers, program managers, business operations, and finance to meet the IRAD objectives.
* Establish technical Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to ensure the investment in each IRAD initiative have a positive Return on Investment (ROI).
* Support the execution of functional engineering roadmaps to ensure they align with long-term strategic bets and program needs.
* Manage capture programs by helping identify opportunities, assessing viability, developing a winning strategy, and supporting proposals.
* Lead execution of early-phase programs that have been won through the capture process. This will involve external customer relationship management.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related technical field from an accredited institution.
* Minimum of 4+ years of experience in a product manager, program manager, or product development role for robotics systems.
* Demonstrated proficiency in leading complex projects from conception to completion.
* Deep familiarity with subsystems and knowledge of robotics systems that you have previously worked on.
* Evidence in understanding technical tradeoffs and how to reduce risk through key development efforts.
* Exceptional organizational and analytical skills, capable of managing multiple initiatives concurrently.
* Proven experience in collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams, influencing engineering teams, and interacting with leadership stakeholders.
* Outstanding communication abilities, adept at conveying intricate plans and outcomes to stakeholders at all levels.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Advanced degree in a relevant technical or management field.
* Direct experience in leading product development related to aircraft or Unmanned Air Vehicle (UAV) development within the robotics, defense, or aerospace sectors.
* Knowledge of hardware + software development practices and best practices for autonomous robotics systems.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
