---
title: 'Senior Cloud Deployment Engineer, Space '
status: active
id: '5032429007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5032429007?gh_jid=5032429007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T20:12:44-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.  
  
The Space Domain Awareness Network (SDANet) is an anchor program in the Space organization, growing it’s support footprint from a handful to dozens of telescopes and Early Warning Radar systems globally. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD.

The Space team also supports multiple other programs focused on earth sensing, sensor orchestration, and orbital satellite missions in LEO and GEO.

### ABOUT THE JOB

SDANet and other programs are standing up Lattice stacks on AWS and Azure environments to integrate with mission partners.

In this role, you will be responsible for researching, understanding, and planning the deployment strategy into classified government cloud infrastructure. You will design cloud networking and engineering solutions to meet security, cost, and performance requirements, and deploy Anduril software into government infrastructure, promoting it through various stages. A significant part of your duties will involve identifying and triaging Kubernetes issues in the deployed environment, developing response and mitigation plans, and partnering with government platform management to address these issues effectively. You will be tasked with designing and implementing requirements for observability, alerting, and maintenance to ensure smooth operations.  
  
Additionally, you will deliver and maintain accreditation artifacts and standards for the environments and systems you are responsible for. You will stand up and maintain representative environments at the unclassified level for testing and development purposes, and provide direct in-person expertise during mission-critical periods. Ensuring the deployed system meets security and compliance requirements through regular updates and host OS patching will also be part of your responsibilities. Your role is crucial to maintaining the integrity and performance of the deployed infrastructure.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of working experience in DevOps or SRE type roles
* Strongly proficient in utilizing cloud services like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform
* Experience with IaC (Terraform, Cloudformation, Puppet, Ansible, etc)
* Strong experience with containerization technologies such as Docker and orchestration tools like Kubernetes and Helm
* Deep understanding of networking concepts, TCP/IP protocols, and security best practices
* Programming ability in one or more of the general scripting languages (Python, Go, Bash, Rust, etc)
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work well under pressure
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams and develop internal roadmaps based on the needs of other teams
* Experience deploying complex and scalable infrastructure solutions
* Relevant certifications such as AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, or Google Cloud Certified Professional
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Extensive expertise in Kubernetes and Helm
* Hold a DoD 8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certification
* Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
* Experience with government Cyber certification processes
* Experience installing, sustaining, and troubleshooting data systems for DoD or otherwise sensitive customers
* Familiarity with DoD-managed network enclaves (NIPR, SIPR, etc.)
* Military service background (particularly with Space experience)

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
