---
title: Facilities Manager
status: active
id: '5033498007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5033498007?gh_jid=5033498007
lastmod: '2026-06-06T06:13:34-04:00'
date: '2026-01-23T19:36:24-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-21)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Facilities team is seeking a Facilities Manager to join our team. The Facilities Operations team is responsible for maintaining and optimizing the facility to ensure operational continuity, safety, and efficiency and reports through the regional manager of Facilities. Duties include running routine safety inspections, partnering with contractors, planning maintenance work, and maintaining records.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Facilities Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Southern California. In this role, you will be responsible for the entirety of the building both interior and exterior. You will also collaborate with various internal stake holders on projects and production requirements that will affect building infrastructure. This will require a thorough knowledge of mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems. You will also need to be familiar with the entire construction cycle and asset life-cycle. If you are someone who is extremely organized, high multi-tasker, and can communicate with technicians to executives then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage the day-to-day operations in our industrial spaces consisting of office, production, manufacturing, and test support.
* Scope mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) work as the space evolves and changes.
* Project manage capital improvement projects. From pre-construction, budgeting, execution, to customer handover, you own it end to end.
* Collaborate with equipment owners on future equipment moves and planning that is inclusive of the space, ensuring the utilities are in place and the workflow is efficient for all.
* You will be responsible for the preventative and corrective maintenance program for your sites and ensure those programs are aligned to ensure reliability and uptime
* Develop and maintain facilities SOPs and documentation
* Manage, couch, and develop any facilities staff you are assigned
* Collaborate tightly with the Environmental Health and Safety team to ensure our sites are safe and compliant.
* Maintain fire suppression, HVAC, plumbing, water tanks, emergency generators, and other general mechanical and infrastructure repairs that support our spaces.
* Assist the Workplace Manager as required to ensure our facilities operate seamlessly.
* Help to set the culture of the company by working with the senior leadership to create a can-do, customer focused working environment and present a professional image.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of related experience supporting managing day-to-day operations and projects for the aerospace, defense, automotive or other types of manufacturing facilities.
* Demonstrated experience managing people and vendors.
* Strong knowledge of Asset Life Cycle and budgeting.
* You have technical training in plant engineering or maintenance, or comparable professional experience.
* Proficient in CMMS and ERM software.
* You have managed the budgets for preventative and corrective maintenance programs.
* You are knowledgeable and experienced with operating and maintaining forklifts, aerial man lifts. gantry and overhead cranes and hoists.
* Strong knowledge of engineering concepts, including electrical, hydraulic and mechanical systems. Certified Facility Manager credentials is a plus.
* You are knowledgeable and experienced in management of EHS in a facility.
* You have strong organizational and time management skills.
* The ability to initiate, plan and manage projects; the ability to identify issues, analyze and interpret data and develop solutions to a wide range of complex issues.
* You're an independent worker who can work with ambiguity and drive to outcomes with minimal oversight.
* You have a strong attention to detail and an attitude of 100% compliance with all company and regulatory requirements.
* Ability and willingness to handle emergencies outside of normal working hours.
* Physical capability to lift and move objects weighing up to 50 lbs.
* Knowledge of OSHA and environmental regulations, applicable building codes, NFPA, and NEC
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Certified Facility Manager
* You have a thorough understanding of project management processes.
* You have a thorough understanding of the construction management processes.
* Experience supporting secure spaces
* Experience with AS9100

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
