---
title: Calibration Engineer
status: active
id: '5034650007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5034650007?gh_jid=5034650007
lastmod: '2026-06-06T06:09:57-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T17:56:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Quality Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-21)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are looking for a Calibration Engineer to drive improvements to our internal calibration program in Costa Mesa, CA. This role will be on the Quality Engineering team and partner across the product development organization, production organization, and field operations organizations. This role will be dynamic and full of new engagement, challenges, and opportunities to bring the core elements of success for a calibration program - measuring the process, managing tracking software, schedules, accuracy & precision of equipment, equipment history, traceability methods, accreditation and reporting.  As Anduril grows, the role and support around calibration will grow too. If you are someone who has passion for the quality of their work, is hands-on with engineering, production, and vendors, and be accountable for calibration results, then this role is for you.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Analyze & drive improvements in the core calibration activities for calibrated devices at local factories in Santa Ana & Costa Mesa.
* Define new project milestones, develop detailed execution plans, and monitor progress to meet deadlines and quality standards for enhancements to the quality management system.
* Develop In-House Calibration Roadmap: Create and implement a strategic plan to analyze the calibration processes and optimize for work done with external vendors or in-house capabilities.
* Evaluate and implement new technologies and methods to improve calibration efficiency and effectiveness.
* Manage the database and ensure that it is updated when appropriate, including but not limited to updating location and owners of tools.
* Improve processes to ensuring that equipment rotations do not starve users or production.
* Improve the existing infrastructure for equipment flagged for calibration (i.e. Drop location for assets requiring calibration, standardization of calibration intake information, providing instructions for 3rd party vendor)
* Support the creation, upkeep and communication of calibration procedures, documented information and communication there of. Manage training of internal calibration stakeholders. Conduct spot audits as needed for compliance to calibration procedures.
* Ensure that there are consistencies and completeness in calibration plans, training material, and performance management metrics. Support global site readiness reviews for internal and external auditing.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associates degree in Science / Engineering or similar technical field.
* Experience managing calibration at a large organization and production environment
* Experience working with and managing 3rd party calibration vendors
* Experience with automated calibration tools and software.
* Experience improving processes and procedures (specifically around calibration) with an emphasis on process creation.
* Familiar with common industry calibration standards and methods
* Proven track record of designing and delivering calibration systems for manufacturing facilities.
* In-depth knowledge of AS9100 and AS6500 standards and their application in calibration processes.
* Strong leadership, project management, and problem-solving skills across multiple sites.
* Excellent communication and collaboration abilities.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Quality Management, or a related field.
* Experience working in a metrology department
* Experience with developing In-house calibration process
* Experience creating/establishing a metrology department where one previously did not exist.
* Experience with precise measurement tools, such as caliper, micrometer, pin gage, height gage, dial indicator, Pi tape, Deltronic pins, bore gage, optical comparator-angle/distance, fillet gage, radius gage set, surface finish chart, thread gage 2A/2B, profilometer, groove micrometer.
* Experience with preparing for external audits.
* Experience with inspection processes and procedures.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
