---
title: Senior Product Quality Engineer
status: active
id: '5034173007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5034173007?gh_jid=5034173007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T17:29:03-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Product Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-21)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a **Senior Product Quality Engineer at Anduril in Costa Mesa, CA**, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality missile programs. This role focuses on collaborating and driving early engagement with our design teams and partner to meet our quality requirements the first time and to evaluate the product health & performance. The right person for this role has knowledge of missile product performance, sub-system performance criteria, metrology, and continuous improvement. An ideal candidate for this role has experiences in missile manufacturing, product development, test/system performance criteria, metrology, and quality planning. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes and missile products, work hands-on with engineering, and be accountable for results of a small team, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Drive product development and production for missile programs using processes such as drawing and work instruction reviews, quality planning, inspection, acceptance test performance management, end-of-line metrics, verification, validation, and qualification of processes and parts, sub-assemblies, and the vehicle, itself.
* Drive clarity & resolution for production ambiguities associated with product maturity, process stability, and field performance.
* Champion the transition from new product introduction (NPI) to a sustainable & predictable, high rate manufacturing process, supply chain, and deployment support.
* Own the elimination of product risk to improve reliability across the product lifecycle.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA), Material Review Board (MRB) activities, and inspection process performance. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities. Establish metrics for measuring quality and the factors that predict quality performance.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Develop an overall quality plan (similar to APQP) for various missile projects. Leverage resources and direct reports to delivery quality through the development cycle. Design, development, and leverage elements of the Anduril QMS to build confidence and containment for missile customers quality expectations. Set expectations for qualification of internal and external manufacturing processes including measurement methods, PPAP/FAI, inspection methods & test protocol & acceptance test plans for missile programs. Lead the transition from engineering qualification to manufacturing variance testing for product quality coverage.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities for the missile projects.
* Matrix lead supplier quality engineers who are supporting the design and development activities with the suppliers for Missile programs.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality on previous Missiles or high velocity vehicle systems.
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of missile systems, PCBA, harnessing, avionics, systems integration, composites/control surfaces, propulsion systems, and lethality systems.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization.  Knowledgeable of missile storage and maintenance processes.
* Experience partnering with Reliability Engineering, chief engineers, architects, manufacturing engineering, and customer facing team members to deliver to customer requirements.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes.  Application of industry standards and best practices
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* 8+ years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.  Working knowledge of AS9100/ AS6500 / ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards and general workmanship standards.
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for aerial vehicles.  Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, Foundry, and manufacturing execution

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
