---
title: Senior Quality System Engineer
status: active
id: '5034321007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5034321007?gh_jid=5034321007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T14:20:51-04:00'
date: '2026-02-17T18:06:38-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Quality Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Quality organization is seeking a Quality System Engineer  to join our team and help develop future opportunities for our internal quality management system and digitization efforts. The Quality team works with our customers, internal teams, and suppliers to ensure the deployment of reliable products that meet all mission requirements. We develop cutting-edge Quality processes and methods to secure scalable, long-term business success.  We are growing and this role will focus on internal site growth and implementing a world class quality management system software application, supporting our internal manufacturing sites, supplier sites, and our Arsenal 1 facility.  The right person for this role has extensive knowledge in Quality Management System (QMS) systems, data analysis, and continuous improvement to help shape our internal systems, tools, procedures and the culture of quality at Anduril.  If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, work hands-on, help others succeed on the quality journey, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Develop, lead, and manage the execution of the QMS and its top-level processes.  Coordinate resources and prioritization of tasks to complete internal and external audits of the QMS.
* Develop, lead, and manage the execution of the QMS software implementation and adoption across our Anduril sites.  Coordinate resources and prioritization of tasks to complete implementation, internal and external audits of the QMS.
* Partner with business system team, product quality engineers and manufacturing engineers to help prepare new processes, digital tools, & sites to meet QMS requirements, develop new capabilities to meet existing QMS requirements and conduct internal audit before manufacturing readiness review and production readiness review.
* Develop our internal QMS road map for tools and capabilities to match the scaling of the company: to meet customer needs, to enable quality capabilities for our new products, and scale quality processes as we grow the company.
* Become a systems expert for Anduril’s quality tool, processes, and data sets to enable effective QMS execution.
* Communicate with external audit agencies.  Support customer audits as necessary.
* Manage the QMS internal auditor process and participate as an internal auditor.
* Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities that benefit the QMS and product quality.
* Support investigations, initiatives, and projects as needed, at the team or organization level.
* Support developing QMS training modules and packages.  Facilitate training records and retention with manager of affected trainees.
* Driving root cause analysis and corrective action with internal findings from audits and customer visits.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree and 3-5 years of experience in aerospace and/or defense manufacturing
* Expert knowledge of QMS requirements and auditing in a complex product environment, in one or more of the following QMS standards: ISO 9001:2015, AS9100D, AS9110C, AS9120B, AS6500, IATF 16949:2016, ISO 13485:2016, TL 9000 R6.3.
* Working knowledge with QMS software solutions which might include Net Inspect, Siemens, SAP, ETQ, One Factory, MasterControl, Compliance Quest, Hexagon, PTC, QT9
* Hands on experience with data analytics platforms, reporting tools, and basic data visualization.
* Demonstrated project management for software system implementation and onboarding suppliers (external users) and internal users.
* Working knowledge of design, development, manufacturing, supply chain, deployment, contracts, and other organizations that are apart of a company wide audit
* Knowledge of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), and Business Intelligence (BI) systems.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Proven track record of implementation and success with QMS.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.
* Expected travel up to 20% of the time.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Certification as an AS9100 aerospace auditor / lead auditor certification
* One or more American Society for Quality (ASQ) certifications: CQE, CRE, CMQ/OE, CQA
* Experience with low volume, high complex manufacturing.
* Experience working with mergers and acquisition and onboarding teams and managing/supporting remote site QMS

US Salary Range

$121,000—$170,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
