---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager, Integration & Test - Active Clearance
status: active
id: '5034237007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5034237007?gh_jid=5034237007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-26T14:49:00-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Advanced Effects Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Within Anduril, the Air Dominance and Strike Division is one of the fastest growing, most technically complex divisions. We develop and build [collaborative combat aircraft](https://defensescoop.com/2024/02/13/air-force-cca-two-vendors/), missiles, and the software that powers these autonomous weapons. We are looking for a Technical Program Manager to lead integration & test efforts for the Barracuda Family of Systems. Working along side the Chief Engineer, you will develop and execute test plans, coordinate and gather approvals required for government ranges, and oversee integration onto operational aircraft.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Be high ownership on all pieces of work and proactively drive successful outcomes while collaborating with cross functional teams to meet program objectives
* Serve as a key customer interface ensuring we have tight feedback loops that enable us to shape solutions, close actions, and ultimately accelerate schedule
* Working with the Chief Engineer and Test & Evaluation, support planning and execution of test events to ensure timely test events aligned to program schedules and budgets
* Work with Anduril’s internal airworthiness and system safety teams to gain approval from the appropriate Government organizations (Seek Eagle, Nonnuclear Munitions Safety Board, etc.) to test at Government ranges
* Partner with Anduril’s deployment & logistics operations teams to develop and implement the operations & sustainment strategy for a new class of weapons systems
* Develop the operational aircraft integration roadmap aligned to customer priorities, availability of system integration labs, and security approvals
* Manage and support the development of contractual deliverables (test reports, future plans, quick looks, etc.) related to test & evaluation, platform integration, and logistics

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related technical field
* Minimum of 4+ year of experience on complex technical projects as a program manager or engineer
* Demonstrated proficiency in leading complex projects from conception to completion
* Exceptional organizational and analytical skills, capable of managing multiple initiatives concurrently
* Outstanding communication abilities, adept at conveying intricate plans and outcomes to stakeholders at all levels.
* Must currently maintain US DoD Secret clearance or higher

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
