---
title: Quality Inspector
status: active
id: '5034610007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5034610007?gh_jid=5034610007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T23:29:36-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Quality Control : Production Operations'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Quality team is responsible for a wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including operating equipment, assembling products, performing quality control checks, and maintaining a safe and efficient work environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

The Quality Inspector will support the Manufacturing/Production teams, and be responsible for learning and executing detailed inspection processes necessary to ensure a quality product in a timely manner. Some of the daily duties will include inspecting incoming materials, equipment, and products to ensure quality specifications are met. Additionally, you'll investigate/troubleshoot product and production issues, take corrective action as well as implement standards/specifications/processes cross-functionally with Quality Teams.  
  
**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with Calibrated equipment (calipers, micrometers, CMM etc.)
* Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings (wire diagrams, work instructions, CAD)
* Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) knowledge, understanding dimension and tolerancing
* Experience with inspection of machined parts and mechanical assemblies
* Experience with inspection of Electrical and Electronic Components (Power Supplies, PCBs, wire-harnesses)
* Experience in a facility with AS9100, ISO9001, IATF 16949 or similar QMS standard
* Experience with validation and testing assemblies and their components
* Experience with communicating with suppliers and cross functional teams
* U.S. Person Status is required as this position needs to access controlled data

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Technical or Associates degree in related quality/mechanical/aerospace engineering field
* 3+ years experience in a quality assurance or inspection role in a manufacturing/production setting
* IPC-A-610 or IPC-A-620 Certification
* Basic knowledge using various measuring tools and hand tools (e.g. tape measure, caliper, micrometer, drivers etc.)
* Experience with Manufacturing processes and their related systems (Jira, MES, ERP, Teamcenter, CAD)
* Knowledge of First Article Inspection requirements and processes
* Highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment
* Detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight - strong ability to communicate with different cross functional teams
* Able to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Hourly Range

$31—$40 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
