---
title: Manager, Strategic Finance (Pricing & Monetization)
status: active
id: '5035826007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5035826007?gh_jid=5035826007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-28T17:55:16-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Leading the charge in defense innovation, Anduril's Connected Warfare division showcases our most cutting-edge technologies and ambitious product offerings. We are dedicated to creating a connected battlefield, leveraging AI, autonomous systems, and advanced networking to provide warfighters with the intelligence and agility needed to win in any environment.  

We are seeking a Manager, Strategic Finance (Pricing & Monetization) to join our Connected Warfare Finance team. You will have broad scope across multiple Connected Warfare business lines, working directly with growth, engineering, and operations teams to maximize business value and accelerate growth. 

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Manager, Strategic Finance, you will be developing and analyzing monetization strategies across the Connected Warfare portfolio. The right person for this role has a deep understanding of pricing & packaging strategy coupled with financial analysis. 

You are passionate about bringing diverse teams together across an organization to drive significant business outcomes. You possess an innate ability to quantify complex business challenges, leveraging strong analytical aptitude and advanced financial modeling skills. With a keen interest in business strategy at a high-growth company, you excel at distilling complexity into clear, concise strategies and communicating them effectively in both written and visual forms. You're known for being scrappy, delivering results, and possessing a strong sense of ownership. If you are a team-oriented individual who thrives in the fast-paced environment of a rapidly growing company, this role is for you. 

This role is required to be onsite in one of our following locations: Washington, DC or Costa Mesa, CA. 

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop innovative financial frameworks and models to guide critical operational decisions, evaluate investment returns, and inform strategic resource allocation
* Improve go-to-market effectiveness by identifying and maintaining key success metrics and addressing revenue and margin leakage opportunities
* Serve as a trusted expert and advisor to leadership, providing clear trade-off analyses, financial narratives, and strategic insights to inform long-term strategy and significant investment decisions
* Design, enable, execute, and measure monetization efforts for new product launches and go to market plans
* Develop comprehensive pricing models factoring risk analysis, what-ifs, cost assessments and training to ensure pricing accuracy and executability across different market contexts

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, or a related field
* 5+ years of progressive experience in strategic finance, FP&A, pricing strategy, or business operations. Experience in management consulting or investment banking coupled with operating experience is highly preferred
* Extreme attention to detail and with the ability to anticipate, prioritize, and adapt to changing workload situations
* Demonstrated ability to cultivate trust and articulate thoughts clearly among peers and with executives
* Ability to work autonomously with minimal direction, take ownership of ambiguous workstreams, and drive deliverables to completion
* Experience operationalizing pricing decisions across billing, and quoting platforms
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance (secret)
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
