---
title: Metrology Technician
status: active
id: '5035138007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5035138007?gh_jid=5035138007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T20:28:37-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Metrology'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are looking for a **Metrology** **Technician** to lead our internal calibration program in **Costa Mesa, CA.** This role will be on the **Quality Engineering team** and partner across the product development organization, production organization, and field operations organizations. This role will be dynamic and full of new engagement, challenges, and opportunities to bring the core elements of success for a calibration program - managing tracking software, schedules, accuracy & precision of equipment, equipment history, traceability methods, accreditation and reporting. AS Anduril grows, the role and support around calibration will grow too. If you are someone who has passion for the quality of their work,, is hands-on with engineering, production, and vendors, and be accountable for calibration results, then this role is for you.  
We are looking for a skilled Metrology lab technician, to perform quality inspections on a wide variety of products that we design and develop. The successful candidate will be responsible to measure and help analyzing the quality of incoming materials from external suppliers, as well as components and assemblies produced here at Anduril HQ. As the Metrology lab team grows, there will be different type of equipment used, but at this time the candidate will need to operate Portable CMM, fixed CMM, CT scanner and Keyence systems. This position will require a mix between incoming quality inspections, support internal manufactured components, quality investigations and root cause analysis requests.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Operate CMM equipment to perform precise measurements of parts.
* Interpret engineering drawings and blueprints to understand measurement specifications.
* Create simple program CMM machines using appropriate software to conduct inspections.
* Perform routine maintenance and calibration checks on CMM equipment.
* Analyze measurement data and produce detailed reports.
* Suggest process improvements to enhance measurement efficiency and accuracy.
* Help to maintain the lab equipment (calibration, cleanliness, following best practices)
* Demonstrate a desire to do the right thing, attention to details and solid problem solving skills.
* Help to ensure compliance with industry standards (e.g. AS9100, ISO 17025, etc..)
* Document observations made during inspections. Communicate clearly any findings to the cross-functional teams who are requesting support. · Occasionally support production by training inspectors on methods developed in the lab for containments in the production process.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associate’s degree or some technical training
* Minimum 2 years as quality inspector or CMM operator
* Multiple certificates of training
* Experience with metrology hand tools (calipers, micrometers, bore gages, thread gages, etc.)
* Familiarity with CMM software, such as PC-DMIS, Calypso, Polyworks or equivalent.
* Experience with 3D scanning or CT Scanning
* Experience with optical 2D or 3D machine. (OMMs or 2D Comparator)
* Strong attention to detail and commitment to accuracy.
* Ability to read and interpret technical drawings and specifications.
* Understand AS9100 compliance, knowledge sharing and sustainment.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Hourly Range

$77,000—$102,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
