---
title: Senior Flight Software Engineer, Embedded C/C++, Air Dominance & Strike - Advanced
  Effects
status: active
id: '5035820007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5035820007?gh_jid=5035820007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-27T19:50:57-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Vehicle Software : Flight Software'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Flight Software team at Anduril develops flight computer vehicle software for all airborne and subsea vehicles. The right person for this role has experience in both commercial (product focused) and public sector (defense) technical environments, and is looking to leverage their passion for avionics and flight software.

Join our Flight Engineering team advancing the Air Dominance and Strike division's portfolio, where we push the boundaries of aerospace technology. We are seeking exceptional GNC Engineers to shape the next generation of advanced tactical missile systems, strategic weapons, and hypersonic strike and defense systems. As a key contributor, you will develop, test, and integrate cutting-edge GNC architectures for subsonic, supersonic, and hypersonic autonomous systems, driving innovation in mission-critical capabilities.

**ANDURIL****PRODUCTS**  
Anduril has been selected as one of two vendors to move forward on the Collaborative Combat Aircraft (CCA) program for the Air Force's flagship autonomous aircraft program. During the next phase, Anduril will design, manufacture, and test production-representative CCAs. We are honored to be part of the program as a non-traditional defense company and are seeking highly motivated candidates to join us in the rapid development of a new, revolutionary aircraft.For more information on the latest with Anduril, visit our [Newsroom](https://www.anduril.com/newsroom/) with articles such as ["Anduril a year in review"](https://www.anduril.com/article/anduril-in-2023-a-year-in-review/) and many more. Watch this [short video](https://youtu.be/RhkEQA-Idfc?si=xtFkvfP6XoDI0qC0) showcasing our products at Anduril.

Products these teams work on:   
[Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda/)  
[Roadrunner](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner/)  
And other missile programs that are not public yet.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Develop microcontroller software using an RTOS
* Develop device drivers, protocols, and APIs for aircraft sensors
* Integrate new features and sensors into flight controller software
* Create aircraft control systems
* Create SITL/HITL test fixtures
* Analyze flight test results
* Support device manufacturing efforts
* Support operational aircraft deployments

**CORE REQUIREMENTS**

* 8+ years of experience in industry
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, etc., or equivalent experience
* Direct experience with DO-178 standards or similar certifications
* Direct experience in aircraft embedded software or other safety critical systems
* Strong C programming skills
* Background in low-level embedded software architecture, design and development
* Low-level device driver development, experience with microcontrollers and application processors
* Comfortable with typical embedded systems tools, compilers, debuggers and IDEs
* Familiarity with communications busses and protocols such as CAN, CANFD, ARINC-825, ARINC-429, MIL-STD-1553, UART/RS232/RS422/RS485, SPI, QSPI, I2C, Ethernet, etc.
* Strong debugging skills through use of instrumentation such as oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers
* Familiarity with revision control systems
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance

**WHAT WE VALUE IN FLIGHT SOFTWARE**

* Bias towards delivery and iteration, in order to discover the right use cases to invest engineering time in
* Willing to take risks and own the accountability for managing those risks
* Passionate about solving real world problems, quickly
* Insatiable desire to build and create
* Has designed, built, delivered useful software to users multiple times, we want to hear war stories!

**BENEFITS**

* Competitive base salary + premium benefits + equity (final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise)
* Flexible Time off Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a winter break)
* Premium Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision
* Retirement; 401k offering
* 16 weeks of paid parental leave
* Family planning: We’re proud to offer comprehensive family planning support. Fertility planning and treatment, adoption support, gestational carrier support and fertility preservation are all included.
* Unlimited Provisions: From breakfast to dinner, our kitchen team has you covered with healthy meals and snacks at every office.
* Relocation assistance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
