---
title: Metrology Specialist
status: active
id: '5035142007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5035142007?gh_jid=5035142007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T20:23:14-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Metrology'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are looking for a highly skilled **Metrology Specialist** to perform quality inspections on a wide variety of products that we design and develop. The successful candidate will be responsible to measure and help analyzing the quality of incoming materials from external suppliers, as well as components and assemblies produced here at Anduril HQ. As the Metrology lab team grows, there will be different type of equipment used, but at this time the candidate will need to program and operate Portable CMM, fixed CMM, CT scanner and Keyence systems. This position will require a mix between incoming quality inspections, support internal manufactured components, quality investigations and root cause analysis.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Program and operate Hexagon (Romer) arm and Hexagon CMM using PC-DMIS to perform quality inspections to validate if the parts meet our requirement.
* Support design, build and validation of holding fixtures to be used with the CMM.
* Work closely with the Quality Engineering team to support product design and development.
* Help to maintain the lab equipment (calibration, cleanliness, following best practices)
* Participate in root cause analysis and continuous improvement.
* Demonstrate a desire to do the right thing, attention to details and solid problem solving skills.
* Help to ensure compliance with industry standards (e.g. AS9100, ISO 17025, etc..)
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define best inspection strategies and reporting strategies.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associate’s degree or some technical training (preferred)
* Advanced knowledge in Metrology with 4+ years of experience programming CMMs
* Proficient in using precision measuring equipment such as micrometers, height gauges and other measurement tools.
* Strong analytical skills and attention to details
* Excellent communication skills to effectively explain inspection results to cross-functional teams.
* Preferred software experience PC-DMIS and Polyworks
* Acceptable experience (Calypso, MCosmos, other CMM software)
* Excellent understanding of GD&T ASME Y14.5
* Experience building holding fixture for CMMs.
* Understand AS9100 compliance, knowledge sharing and sustainment.

US Hourly Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
