---
title: Classified IT Technical Program Manager, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5035638007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5035638007?gh_jid=5035638007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T14:48:40-05:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking a Technical Program Manager to directly support our most sensitive programs. You will be a part of the team building and maintaining the critical classified infrastructure. You will have the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the world’s best engineers and cybersecurity professionals as you help to implement cutting edge systems. You will work directly with customers and systems deployed across the globe in support of national security missions all while gaining invaluable experience navigating complex cybersecurity regulation frameworks.  
  
As a Technical Program Manager, you will be responsible for managing programs that make it possible for the greater organization to increase the capability, maturity, and adoption of the full suite of Anduril’s products. These programs will be diverse in nature and require you to be organized and flexible to adapt to changing situations. You will be asked to craft and validate product vision, collaborate with external and internal partners, and lead a team of engineers to deliver tangible outcomes.   
  
**WHAT IS AIS?**Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive cross-team projects and programs from inception to completion with the ability to prioritize and balance competing organizational needs.
* Define the roadmap for infrastructure, security, and software support of our classified programs and systems.
* Identify and develop new internal processes and strategies to improve cross-functional team alignment.
* Lead a high performing and senior team that spans across Classified IT, Cyber Assurance, DevOps, and Network Engineering.
* Proactively communicate the organization’s goals and updates consistently and effectively with leadership.
* Manage a sizable budget, drive procurement processes, and oversee vendor relationships, acting as a primary point of contact for significant build-out projects or new facility requirements.
* Act as a central point of contact for corporate tie-ins, providing clear requirements and driving consensus from internal teams for construction and new build initiatives.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field (i.e. Information Technology or Cybersecurity).
* 15+ years experience leading complex technical programs in fast moving, unstructured, or startup environments.
* Proven experience managing IT infrastructure projects involving classified networks and programs.
* Strong understanding of IT infrastructure components and their interdependencies. You are a true generalist and systems thinker. You understand how IT teams and ecosystems work together and how classified systems are derived from unclassified architecture.
* Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Ability to navigate ambiguity, resolve user issues, and work autonomously to solve problems.
* You are a forever learner and intellectually curious. You do not get stuck in ‘one way’ of doing things and are constantly evolving ways of execution that align to drive the best mission outcome.
* You are outcome and mission oriented and will do whatever it takes to get the job done - even if that means coming up with new creative ways of executing and straying from ‘standard’.
* Strong people management skills - you’ll be managing and enabling a high performing and senior team. You need to be a champion and enabler, not a micro-manager.
* You are low ego and don’t need to be the face of everything. You get excited by making things happen behind the scenes and making your team shine.
* Expertise in project management methodologies (e.g., PMI, Agile, Scrum) and project management tools. Experience working with project management software.
* This is an in office role based in Reston, VA. You will be expected to be in office and working hand-in-hand with our teams.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.
* Occasional travel (< 25%)
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
