---
title: Field Test Engineer, Maritime
status: active
id: '5037029007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5037029007?gh_jid=5037029007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-12T08:15:34-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maritime US Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Maritime team is a dedicated group of driven professionals passionate about advancing subsea technology and delivering innovative capabilities to meet our customers' needs. We are seeking a **Field Test Engineer** to join our Dive-XL Field Operations team. In this role, you will leverage your technical expertise to test and operate this cutting-edge system in some of the most demanding and dynamic conditions.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Prepare for field deployments by identifying, sourcing and kitting AUV (Autonomous Undersea Vehicle) test and support equipment
* Conduct daily AUV inspections and system checks before and after operations
* Coordinate AUV launch and recovery evolutions, execute day-to-day test operations, and write daily operations and test reports
* Perform maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and upgrades of AUVs in the field, operating the maintenance management system
* Support development, review and trials of Standard Operating Procedures and user documentation for all aspects of AUV operations
* Assist with the preparation of risk assessments for test and related operations, identifying and implementing mitigations
* Provide constructive feedback to design and manufacturing teams including software user interface design

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years experience of working within a team of multidisciplinary engineers and specialists through integration, test, verification, and demonstration efforts.
* Ability to master a technical system and support it in austere environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the breadth of a technical system.
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution.
* Naturally inquisitive, able to independently research and learn new technical components or concepts.
* Willingness to travel up to ~25%, including significant time spent offshore on vessels of all sizes.
* Ability to lift up to 50 lbs.
* Ability to be in office in Costa Mesa, CA daily.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* B.S. in Software Engineering, Ocean Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related technical field
* Proficiency in interpreting technical documentation (mechanical drawings, work instructions, equipment schematics, electrical diagrams, etc.)
* Experience performing functional checkouts and tests, and diagnosing/escalating issues discovered during these processes

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
