---
title: 'Field Test Engineer, Maritime '
status: active
id: '5037021007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5037021007?gh_jid=5037021007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-30T10:38:05-05:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life. We are seeking a **Field Test Engineer** to join Anduril, working in a cutting-edge start-up environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in subsea robotics.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

+ Work within a dynamic team of multidisciplinary engineers and specialists throughout the life of AUV design, integration, and test efforts
+ Take on the principal responsibilities of the hands-on troubleshooting, repair, operation, and maintenance of AUVs in the field
+ Lead day-to-day local operations for multiple AUV platforms, including conducting pre-mission testing, launch and recovery, vehicle tasking, and data analysis
+ Deploy locally in support of at-sea AUV operations from a variety of support vessel types
+ Write, review, and execute test plans during sea testing
+ Coordinate test execution with 3rd party vendors, partners, and logistics companies
+ Author detailed daily operational test reports to document the step-by-step execution of internal and customer facing efforts to test and evaluate AUV platforms and new capabilities
+ Support software UI design for AUV systems
+ Support user documentation for all aspects of AUV operations, including AUV user guide, mission planning guide, etc.
+ Conduct routine design reviews of the platform under test with an eye towards improving operability and reducing learning curve for AUV at-sea operation
+ Contribute to next-generation designs and features for the ANDURIL-LD, from identifying areas for improvement to leading test and evaluation efforts for new technology rollouts
+ Carryout local AUV operations in Quonset, RI including supporting multiple nearshore sea test days per week
+ Potential to travel and support customer facing operations up to 25% of the time

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ 5+ years experience operating robotic systems at-sea in a commercial or research offshore environment
+ Ability to adapt quickly and learn in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment
+ Experience with leading on deck operations utilizing ship based crane, a-frame, or dedicated AUV launch and recovery systems
+ Experience with Linux and command line interfaces as well as software debugging
+ Knowledge of electronics troubleshooting and basic use of test equipment
+ Experience with Microsoft Excel
+ Extremely organized and detail-oriented
+ Demonstrated experience with subsea operational procedures and equipment
+ Excellent communication and customer support skills
+ Ability to lift up to 50 lbs
+ Ability to be in office in Quonset, RI daily when not deployed
+ Ability to potentially deploy up to 25% of the time
+ Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ Experience with software development
+ Experience integrating subsea acoustic sensors, underwater navigation, and communication systems
+ Proficient in reading and understanding engineering drawings and specifications
+ Knowledge of offshore HSE policies and best practices
+ Cover letter submissions highly encouraged

US Salary Range

$98,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
