---
title: Director, Business Development (Japan)
status: active
id: '5038225007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5038225007?gh_jid=5038225007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-02T20:45:25-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Global Defense Capture'
offices:
- Tokyo, Japan
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
The **Business Development (BD)** team at Anduril identifies, shapes, captures, and grows new opportunities. The team seeks to deeply understand user problems, how current solutions fail to solve them, and how Anduril capabilities and products can address these gaps to deliver more effective mission outcomes. BD is the bridge between customers and the broader Anduril team - we convey customer perspectives internally while serving as an ambassador for Anduril externally. We have ambitious objectives, but create actionable pathways and take calculated risks to achieve them, while measuring progress against clear interim milestones. We are intellectually curious about technology, mission problems, and our customers, to include their organizational dynamics and acquisition processes. We partner with Anduril’s Business Lines to ensure our products exceed customer expectations and mission demands, and continuously improve to adapt to ever-changing operating environments.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
Anduril Japan seeks a Business Development Director to support the expansion of our defense capabilities. This role is critical to Anduril's growth in Japan. As BD Director, you will partner with the Head of Anduril Japan to drive on-the-ground customer engagement. You will possess a comprehensive understanding of, and ability to engage with, Japanese government ministries, Self-Defense Forces, the Diet, and other relevant government entities. This includes a detailed understanding of Japanese government procurement and budget cycles, trading company roles, and domestic industry dynamics.  
  
Intimately familiar with Japanese Security and Defense policy doctrine – including the National Security Strategy, National Defense Strategy, and Defense Buildup Program – your analytical thinking and technological awareness will identify gaps and opportunities to enhance Japan's security and defense with Anduril products. Using strong, bilingual communication skills (English and Japanese), you will work closely with customers at all levels to effectively advance Anduril opportunities through the procurement cycle.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* **Drive Growth & New Business:** Support Anduril’s Global Defense organization and country team in developing, adapting, and executing our growth strategy in Japan. Identify, generate, and capture new business opportunities by deeply understanding Japan's security and defense requirements, technical roadmaps, and competitive landscape. Inform capture strategies, revenue forecasts, and product development.
* **Expand Existing Business:** Partner with our Mission Operations teams, which executes existing contracts, to grow business with current customers and explore new opportunities. Build deep, trusted relationships with customers and B2B partners to enhance resilience and performance.
* **Strategic Communication & Product Advocacy:** Leverage technical product understanding to translate customer needs to internal teams, craft compelling presentations and proposals, manage critical external events, and provide clear internal communications to inform strategic decision-making.
* **Champion Anduril's Value:** Represent Anduril to customers, partners, and the public, embodying our ethos and effectively communicating our innovative approach to next-generation defense technology and competitive advantages.

## **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Ability to travel up to 50%
* Professional fluency in English and Japanese
* Familiarity with Japanese culture
* Experience working with the Japanese Ministry of Defense or other Japanese government ministries
* Robust knowledge of Japan’s government procurement processes and U.S. Foreign Military Sales and Direct Commercial Sales processes
* Ability to create and maintain professional relationships with senior level Japanese customers and partners
* At least 10-years’ experience working with Japanese government and industry
* Must be able to work effectively as part of an integrated, international team
* Authorization to work and reside in Japan
* “On site” candidates only

## **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with complex systems involving hardware and software
* Technical acumen and deep familiarity with AI and autonomous systems
* Extensive experience working with the Japanese Coast Guard and/or Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry
* Experience managing technical government projects
* Ability to obtain and hold a local government security clearance

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
