---
title: 'Instructional Designer, RapidLearning '
status: active
id: '5038377007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5038377007?gh_jid=5038377007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-01-30T09:45:00-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Training & Adoption'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril Industries is seeking an experienced Instructional Designer to create engaging, effective digital training content that supports the deployment, maintenance, and operation of Anduril’s advanced technology products to both internal and external audiences. This role requires strong technical skill, creative vision, and the ability to work collaboratively with Curriculum Developers, subject matter experts (SMEs) and Training and Adoption Managers.  
  
The ideal candidate is proficient in Cortona3D/RapidLearning for Teamcenter, TypeScript, and familiar with Articulate Storyline 360 for training content development. You will be responsible for translating complex technical information into visually compelling and instructionally sound digital experiences that support performance and retention.   
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Design, develop, and publish interactive CAD-based procedural training modules using Cortona3D/Siemens RapidLearning for Teamcenter, ensuring compatibility with S1000D documentation format and SCORM/xAPI standards.
* Create high-quality graphics, animations, and media assets using Teamcenter or NX tools within the Siemens suite
* Collaborate with Curriculum Developers, Training and Adoption Managers, and SMEs to storyboard and script course content aligned to learning objectives and outcomes.
* Assist in the refinement of learner-facing training materials, including Microsoft Powerpoint, Adobe InDesign, Figma, and other presentation platforms.
* Test and troubleshoot eLearning files for functionality, responsiveness, and LMS compatibility.
* Maintain project documentation, file organization, and version control across all content assets in congruence with the Training Experience team guidelines.
* Assist in creating templates and visual standards to ensure consistency across all training products.
* Support the continuous improvement of digital content by analyzing learner feedback, LMS data, and performance metrics.
* Contribute to innovation in immersive or interactive training experiences including potential integration with simulations, AR/VR, and other experiential learning platforms.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience developing training content in an engineering, technical, or defense-related environment.
* Proven expertise with RapidLearning for Teamcenter.
* Experience with 3D CAD graphics, models, animations, and other technical training visual assets.
* Understanding of instructional design principles, adult learning theory, and digital accessibility standards.
* Familiarity with SCORM, xAPI, and LMS integration best practices.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATION

* Detail-oriented, organized, and comfortable managing multiple development projects concurrently.
* Strong communication and collaboration skills for working cross-functionally with designers, engineers, and trainers.
* Military exposure and experience, particularly with military technical documentation and formatting standards, guidelines, and verbiage (MIL-STD-40051, S1000D, etc).
* Experience in modifying virtual simulator environments using TypeScript, C#, and other Unity-adjacent frameworks.
* Strong proficiency with motion design skills in Adobe After Effects. Experience in Creative Cloud tools such as Photoshop, Illustrator, and Audition are a plus.
* Experience working in or alongside LMS platforms such as Cornerstone Learn.
* Bachelor’s degree in Instructional Design, Technical Writing, Digital Media, Education Technology, or a related field.

### 

US Salary Range

$98,000—$148,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
