---
title: Staff RF Antenna Engineer, Electronic Warfare
status: active
id: '5038179007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5038179007?gh_jid=5038179007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T17:52:35-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : EW RF'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Our EW Radio Frequency Engineering team in Costa Mesa is a dynamic group of skilled professionals dedicated to pushing the boundaries of antenna and antenna array technology. With a strong focus on innovation and excellence, we collaborate closely to design and optimize cutting-edge RF solutions that meet the demands of our clients and the industry.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Staff Radio Frequency Antenna Engineer to join our team in Costa Mesa, CA, focused on RF design for antennas. In this role, you will design, analyze, and optimize RF design for antenna and antenna arrays while collaborating with cross-functional teams to meet project specifications.This position requires expertise in RF antenna design and simulation tools, as well as a solid understanding of board-level schematic design and PCB circuit layout. If you have strong problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and a passion for innovation, this opportunity is for you! Your contributions will be essential in advancing our RF antenna projects for the EW team.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Conduct detailed RF design for antennas and antenna arrays.
* Perform antenna element trade studies, including investigation, simulation, and comparisons of various designs
* Optimize array lattice selection based on frequency range, scan range, instantaneous bandwidth, and element design.
* Design, simulate, and optimize antenna arrays.
* Develop prototypes of elements and arrays to validate models.
* Model PCB RF transitions, including interlayer transitions, matching networks, and feed structures.
* Design passive components such as printed splitters (Wilkinson, 90-degree hybrids) and corporate feed structures.
* Provide layout support and finalize array models for optimization.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* 10+ years of RF and Antenna experience
* Experience with RF hardware design and RF component design.
* Experience with all stages of RF hardware testing from in-lab to in-field.
* Experience with test setup automation and relevant data analysis.
* Experience with Anechoic Chamber and Open Air testing
* Knowledge of Schematic Capture, PCB Design, and experience with RF simulation tools
* Some travel required
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Defense, national security, or aerospace domain familiarity through industry or education.
* DoD Field Testing experience with RF based systems and Antenna equipment

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
