---
title: Configuration Manager, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5040875007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5040875007?gh_jid=5040875007
lastmod: '2026-05-30T08:51:23-04:00'
date: '2026-02-04T10:43:00-05:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Configuration Management and Engineering Systems : Configuration
  Management'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

**Anduril Intelligence Systems** (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. This role will be an integral partner to Anduril’s Product and Program Teams. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril is seeking an experienced Configuration Manager to lead Anduril’s configuration management and change control activities across multiple programs in its **Reston** location. The role includes the opportunity to define and commission a digital engineering infrastructure from scratch that will enable best-in-class capabilities in model-based engineering, digital factory design, digital manufacturing and pioneer building and deploying configuration management AI tools. As a Configuration Manager, you will work closely with the leaders of critical Anduril programs to manage a highly dynamic and fast-paced design and engineering environment. The Configuration Manager will be the focal point for capturing and defining the baseline for a program’s requirements, design, testing, manufacturing, and sustainment data structures (requirements baseline, EBOM, MBOM, SOM, BOP etc.).

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Be an integral partner to Anduril’s Product and Program Teams by:
  + Defining the configuration management plans for key programs.
  + Ensuring that supported programs have robust and comprehensive configuration identification processes and documentation.
  + Managing the end-to-end configuration control process including engineering release, facilitating critical configuration control forums (CRB, TRB, CCB etc.)
  + Working with Configuration Management Analysts to build and maintain configuration status accounting dashboards ensure that that critical data is captured, recorded and distributed (decisions recorded, ECRs and ECNs populated, implementation checklists written etc.)
  + Coordinating and leading configuration audits (functional configuration audits, physical configuration audits etc.)
* Own end-to-end change management for key programs:
  + Ensuring that all engineering change requests are appropriately documented, reviewed, approved, and communicated in a timely manner.
  + Setting agendas for configuration management meetings (Technical Review Board, Change Control Board etc.) ahead of time.
  + Generating, populating, and submitting change requests including manage compilation and synthesis of impact analyses.
* Be the leader for critical configuration management activities and forums by:
  + Organizing and managing critical configuration control forums (the Change Review Board, the Change Control Board) including scheduling, owning the agenda, and vetting facilitation of materials (business cases, inventory disposition recommendations, effectivity analyses etc.).
  + Leading the Change Control Board meeting and driving discussions to decisions.
  + Communicating and distributing conclusions and decisions made in configuration management forums (CCB, TRB etc.).
* Be responsible for product configuration by:
  + Analyzing product baselines (EBOM, MBOMs etc.) in Teamcenter for compliance to industry and organization standards.
  + Supporting configuration management reviews and audits, including FCA/PCA and provide direction before, during and after the events to prevent or resolve issues.
  + Performing periodic audits of as-built records as product definition data in Teamcenter (EBOM, MBOM etc.)
* Be the expert resource for the Product for Engineering Release and Change Management standards by:
  + Modeling the use of Teamcenter software to manage Engineering changes, including part revisions, EBOM/MBOM/SBOM updates, documentation modifications, and associated workflows.
  + Providing guidance and support to Engineering teams in configuring the Engineering, Manufacturing and Service Bills of Materials (EBOM, MBOM, SBOM).

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of proven direct product configuration management experience (Product structure, parts, drawings and requirements management).
* 5+ years of demonstrated experience working in high complexity and high rate production environments (aerospace, automotive, security systems, medical devices, nuclear, etc.).
* Familiar with configuration management principles and practices (EIA649/C, MIL-HDBK-61B etc.).
* Experience with product lifecycle management (PLM) and/or data management toolsets for configuration management of complex products
* Possess high attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills – you must have an ability to synthesize complex quantitative data into clear decision statements.
* BA/BS in an engineering discipline (Mechanical, Electrical, Aerospace, Nuclear, Manufacturing etc.)
* Ability to earn trust, maintain positive and professional relationships, and contribute to our inclusive culture.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven experience in aerospace industry
* Proficient in technical writing of processes and procedures
* Experience with Teamcenter, Teamcenter Requirements, Teamcenter Quality, Confluence & JIRA.
* Experience being a Teamcenter administrator (or equivalent product lifecycle management software).
* Database skills with SQL queries, etc.
* Certification in CM2 or equivalent configuration management certification.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
