---
title: Senior Program Manager, Precision Engagement Systems
status: active
id: '5042764007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5042764007?gh_jid=5042764007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-04T18:52:22-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Program Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa. In this role, you will lead day-to-day coordination and execution of program initiatives and tasks - working alongside the Chief Engineer and Product Managers to meet the program’s administrative, technical, and operational requirements. You will be expected to utilize your technical aptitude in conjunction with your program and project management skills to deliver the best outcome for Anduril and the customer. This role will be oriented to establish full program ownership from initial proposal to end of contract support centered around Bolt, Anvil, new development products, and program of records.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Contract Management: Oversee contract execution, monitor compliance with terms, and manage renewals or amendments.
* Proposal Development: Lead the generation of proposals, including the Basis of Estimate (BOE), scope review, and cost analysis. Facilitate contract awards and initiate kick-off activities.
* Customer Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong customer relationships, swiftly address any issues, and expand business opportunities with existing clients.
* Risk Assessment: Identify and track potential contractual risks, requiring mitigation plans from relevant departments.
* Performance Monitoring: Ensure service delivery and payment terms meet contractual expectations, track budget and cost performance, and manage invoicing and revenue.
* Deployment Coordination: Serve in a customer facing capacity to plan, lead, and execute field demonstrations and events for Department of Defense and Allied militaries, ensuring alignment with internal teams to meet customer and operational needs.
* Project Management: Direct development and unique project efforts within the program, coordinating weekly meetings with the engineering team.
* Problem Resolution: Proactively address and resolve challenges to meet customer deliverables, escalating issues to leadership as necessary.
* Systems Engineering: Understand all program requirements in-depth, ensuring effective communication and coordination among technical teams.
* Accountability Enforcement: Maintain momentum and hold internal teams accountable for meeting deadlines and expectations.

#### SKILLS NEEDED

* Ownership: Responsible for tracking the program’s major metrics - meeting cost and schedule targets, on-time reporting, and managing the customer relationship.
* Embed/Engage: Integrate closely with our clients + partners, understand their technical capabilities, challenges and gaps to help inform how to adapt Anduril’s platforms to meet key objectives.
* Build/Orchestrate: Work directly with Anduril engineers to support customer testing; coordinate and execute operational demonstrations.
* Plan: Coordinate tasking with technical and operational staff to ensure timely delivery of support to the program. Prepare weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, etc. reporting as required. Regularly report program status updates to customers, the program team, and Anduril senior management.
* Deliver: Drive the execution and outcome of projects and programs assigned to you.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS/BA in a technical field plus 5 years or more of professional experience
* Ability to create and deliver presentations in technical and programmatic reports to key leadership and customers
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in a dynamic and amorphous environment
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow
* Capable of driving coordination, collaboration, and communication across cross-functional teams in order to achieve successful, time-critical outcomes
* Comfortable working in limited resource environments
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Ability to travel 25 – 50% as needed.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Science or Engineering discipline strongly preferred
* Current TS clearance strongly preferred
* Significant customer-facing experience leading high profile and high stakes programs, including strong interpersonal skills
* Experience working on mission critical DOD systems
* Experience building and managing cross-functional teams focused around a common vision

US Salary Range

$132,000—$198,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
