---
title: Systems Engineer, Electro Optical, Space
status: active
id: '5042157007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5042157007?gh_jid=5042157007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-03T21:22:52-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested war-fighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As an Electro Optical System Engineer for our Space team, you will facilitate the integration of EO Payloads on our spacecraft platforms from initial concept development through on-orbit execution. A successful candidate will have experience during all phases of payload system engineering including architecture and requirement derivation, performance modeling, design reviews, laboratory testing, spacecraft assembly integration and test, on-orbit initialization, and mission operations. A proven history of interfacing with all disciplines of the engineering, specialty, and program management team to shepherd a payload design to maturity is required.

You’ll be expected to clearly communicate risk, issues, and progress with customer representatives and external vendors in a collaborative environment. We are especially seeking candidates with hands-on experience in optical laboratories characterizing and calibrating optical payloads. You will be expected to know how to configure and operate test equipment such as collimators, integrating spheres, interferometers, and other tools. You will work closely with other AI&T professionals and be expected to train others how to also use this equipment. Payloads you will be interacting with include photon detecting imagers from visible through long wave infrared wavebands including CMOS and CCD focal planes, thermal sensors including microbolometers, as well as LiDAR and laser range finders. Experience with state-of-the-art sensing technology such as event based cameras, quantum detectors, and metamaterials is also highly desired.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Perform concept designs of active and passive EO payloads
* Derive system and unit level requirements
* Analyze performance with an in-depth understanding of payload technology and related physics
* Identify payload key performance parameters and create test plans and procedures to measure these parameters in a laboratory environment
* Perform hands-on characterization and calibration of the radiometric and geometric performance of flight hardware using collimators, integrating spheres, theodolites, laser trackers, interferometers, and other optical test equipment
* Train and educate other AI&T professionals to conduct successful payload testing
* Work with the external and internal engineering team to author Interface Control Documents (ICD) covering all aspects of payload integration including electrical, data, algorithmic, mechanical, thermal, and optical interfaces
* Facilitate communication between mechanical, thermal, electrical, and software teams to resolve complex integration trades and manage technical risk
* Define and develop payload data calibration algorithms and data products and work with computer vision and flight software engineers to integrate these algorithms into the processing pipeline
* Define on-orbit calibration sequences, initialization procedures, and provide real-time engineering support during nominal operations
* Clearly communicate with customers at design reviews and during the entire payload development lifecycle
* Assist assembly and integration campaigns for space systems flight hardware
* Integrate across numerous teams to collaboratively identify testing requirements to include verification and validation plans
* Develop test plans and procedures for prototype, qualification, and acceptance of space systems flight hardware

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong engineering background from industry and school, ideally in areas/fields such as Systems Engineering, Physics, Mechanical Engineering, or Electrical Engineering
* Experience conducting assembly, integration and test of space payload flight hardware with a focus on performance characterization and requirement verification
* Deep understanding of professional optical test equipment, tools and methodologies with a tie back to the underlying physics
* Experience with advanced payload analyses and laboratory measurements including photon transfer, dark current, radiometry, responsivity, distortion mapping, boresight alignments, non-uniformity corrections, point spread function, modulation transfer function, and more
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight
* Clear communication and organizational skills including documentation and training material
* Experience writing technical documentation, procedures, and reports
* Experience working in cleanroom and ESD-safe environments
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with ImageJ, Python, MATLAB
* Experience with optical test equipment from Labsphere, 4D Technologies, Leica, SORL, and other industry leaders
* Experience with stray light, depth of focus, and supplementary payload analyses
* Experience with optical modeling in tools such as Zemax or Code V
* Experience with RF payload design and testing

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
