---
title: 'Master Scheduler, Air Dominance & Strike '
status: active
id: '5043504007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5043504007?gh_jid=5043504007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-11T17:05:21-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Advanced Effects Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Air Dominance and Strike Division is one of Anduril’s fastest growing, most technically complex divisions. We develop and build [collaborative combat aircraft](https://defensescoop.com/2024/02/13/air-force-cca-two-vendors/), missiles, and the software that powers these autonomous weapons.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Master Scheduler with prior training and experience working on major development programs to team with our program leadership to deliver a robust and accurate schedule. As Master Scheduler, you will own the development and maintenance of the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) for one or more of Anduril’s strategic programs. You will work mostly with our Program Managers (PMs) and Integrated Product Team (IPT) leads to tailor and status the IMS on a regular basis. The IMS serves as the source of truth for both Anduril leadership and our customers, so it is critical that it reflects the current understanding at all times. You will be expected to understand the program scope at a detailed level and quickly intuit schedule impacts to scope or duration changes of program tasks.  
  
Success in this position hinges on two key facets:

1. Strong understanding of IMS and earned value methods – schedule are typically for  large development program with traditional reporting requirements. An understanding of (and preferably direct experience with) similar types of programs will be critical to ensuring a compliant program schedule.
2. An Execution Mindset - we are looking for a self-starter who isn’t afraid of digging into the details with different teams to highlight conflicts or risks that can be raised to the program leadership team.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Consult with Program Managers and Engineering Leads to set up assignments, tasks, and subtasks
* Develop, implement, and maintain an effective scheduling management system across one or more programs
* Develop and coordinate an integrated master schedule (IMS) and integrated master plan (IMP) with internal departments and external stakeholders
* Status program schedules, identify problem areas, investigate off-schedule tasks, establish and document corrective action
* Resource-load and status the IMS on a regular basis. Deliver monthly IMS updates to our customers
* Monitor project timelines and deadlines; identify potential project schedule delays and facilitate intervention in a timely manner
* Develop a work breakdown structure (WBS) based on the schedule inputs while routinely keeping up to date
* Evaluate performance and prepare project progress reports based on schedule and cost performance
* Accommodate updates and changes to project schedules on a regular basis
* Recommend actions to keep projects within budget and completed on time
* Keep stakeholders informed of project timelines and deadlines
* Document project scheduling processes and maintain appropriate records

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with Microsoft Project (MPP) and Critical Path Methodology (CPM)
* Familiarity with government acquisition and reporting processes (SDRLs, CDRLs, Etc.)
* Ability to create and deliver presentations to key leadership and customers
* Ability to lead discussion on schedule-related topics
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in an amorphous environment
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow
* Experience with JIRA or Confluence
* Certification as a PMI scheduling professional (PMI-SP)
* Comfortable working in limited resource environments
* Experience with EVMS
* Current Secret clearance
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with large government contracts a plus

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
