---
title: Manager, Product Sourcing Engineer
status: active
id: '5043494007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5043494007?gh_jid=5043494007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T09:15:03-04:00'
date: '2026-02-04T19:36:57-05:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.

### 

### ABOUT THE ROLE

The Manager, Product Sourcing Engineering (PSE) supports engineering and production teams with the development and execution of sourcing plans. As the Manager, this individual will be responsible for managing a team of sourcing engineers and subcontract managers who will be the central point of contact for all supply chain needs in the product development process internally and externally. In this role, you will work with engineering, product program office and the broader production leadership team to support strategic sourcing initiatives and planning in pursuit of program and manufacturing goals, and lead cross-functional projects to achieve cost, quality, and delivery targets.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO:

* Develop and implement supply chain strategies that align with overall business goals, aiming for supply continuity, quality, efficiency and cost optimization while enabling the business to scale significantly.
* Build and maintain strong relationships with suppliers.
* Negotiate complex commercial terms with suppliers directly to establish best-in-class pricing, quality, flexibility, delivery, payment, warranty, and service terms.
* Collaborate with other supply chain experts across the company to develop and execute supply chain best practices.
* Collaborate internally with key cross functional leadership teams (e.g., engineering, program management, finance, business line...etc.) to negotiate the right tradeoffs, solicit cooperation and resolve problems proactively.
* Identify and implement process improvements to enhance efficiency, reduce costs, and improve overall supply chain performance. Define key performance indicators (KPIs) to track supply chain health and drive improvements.
* Monitor KPIs, analyze data, and provide regular reports to management on supply chain performance.
* Lead and manage a team of supply chain professionals, providing guidance, training, and support. Hire world class talent to continue the rapid expansion of the existing team.
* Proactively identify and mitigate potential risks to the supply chain, such as disruptions to supply or changes in market conditions.

#### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field.
* 8+ years experience in a fast-paced manufacturing environment specifically in a supply chain or production-related role focused on complex mechanical and/or electrical assembly. At least 2+ years experience in a managerial position.
* Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization.
* Ability to travel up to 20%.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* MBA or Master’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field.
* Previous experience in defense, aerospace, automotive, high tech, or another related industry.
* Proven leadership in driving and influencing large teams toward common goals.
* Strong team player who can adapt to different roles to support team progress, including individual contributor tasks while managing a team.

## 

US Salary Range

$144,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
