---
title: SEIT Lead (Omen - UAE)
status: active
id: '5047306007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5047306007?gh_jid=5047306007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-17T14:53:17-05:00'
location: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Abu Dhabi, UAE
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is seeking a SEIT (Systems Engineering, Integration and Test) Lead to join the Omen team based in Abu Dhabi, UAE. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on a new aircraft development project, bringing pragmatic SEIT thinking to deeply understand local requirements and champion ‘Test’ as a design tool to drive rapid capability development, ensuring that end-user needs are met in challenging operational environments. You will be part of a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Work with customers and end-users to evolve the regional Concept of Operations (CONOPS) the product life cycle, developing inputs to high-level requirements informing key design decisions.
* Deploy right-sized, Agile Systems Engineering governance approaches for rapid capability development efforts - with the right amount of process discipline and artifacts and support System Design Reviews (SDRs).
* Manage System Interfaces and develop integration processes for sovereign Mission System equipment and Payloads, developing test objectives and test plans for execution
* Work with partner organizations to coordinate a broad range of in-country development activities including bench and environmental testing of individual components, building and operating Hardware In Lab (HIL)/Hardware In The Loop (HITL) integration environments, flight testing of uncrewed and crewed surrogate platforms, and ground and flight test of the Omen System
* Liaise with partner organizations and local authorities to secure operational approvals (airspace, frequency, physical deconfliction, safety, and appropriate test range facilities)
* Shape, build and utilize Anduril in-country development facilities establishing local capability
* Plan, coordinate and execute major test and demonstration events, including resourcing, logistics (equipment export/import), conduct Test Readiness Reviews (TRRs), perform as Test Director (TD), and ensure high-impact, timely reporting
* Conduct safety assessments with a pragmatic understanding of hazards and mitigations - holding the safety of team members above all else

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor degree or higher in Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering or aviation-related technical discipline
* 10+ years of experience in Aerospace or product development/test and evaluation environments and aviation safety/quality systems
* Demonstrable Systems Engineering proficiency, with first-hand understanding of both the benefits and limitations of the approach
* Experience in all facets of the test process including writing test plans and procedures, conducting risk assessments, mitigating hazards, running test readiness reviews, directing test events, and responding to unplanned occurrences
* Familiarity engaging with interdisciplinary design teams to evolve test requirements
* Able to work with stakeholders and partners to find solutions and approach to drive fast test outcomes
* Exposure to verification and validation testing, qualification, certification, airworthiness and obtaining permission to operate
* Experience with ground and flight testing crewed or uncrewed developmental aircraft (Group 3 or larger) at the System/Platform level. Familiarity with airpace management in the Middle East and other regional regulatory practices desirable.
* Experience working in the Middle East and Arabic Language Proficiency advantageous
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance in United States, United Kingdom, or Australia

US Salary Range

$182,000—$272,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
