---
title: Sr. Program Manager (UAE)
status: active
id: '5047568007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5047568007?gh_jid=5047568007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T08:17:02-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T18:42:21-04:00'
location: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (UAE-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is seeking a Sr. Program Manager to be one of the first on the ground for the Maneuver Dominance team in Abu Dhabi, UAE. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the UAE Sr. Program Manager you will play a critical role in balancing innovation and practical execution across the Omen program. In this position, you will be deeply intertwined in a highly complex global program, driving strategic decision making, evaluating program milestones, and managing appropriate resourcing in country. You will be required to learn technical concepts and employ them quickly. You will be expected to use your technical knowledge in conjunction with your program management skills to lead cross-functional efforts and drive major program impact.   
  
Deploying our Maneuver Dominance capabilities requires thorough understanding of mission requirements, thoughtful orchestration between Anduril teams and external stakeholders, and meticulous planning in the face of ambiguity. You thrive in the unknown and create order out of the chaos. You will be supporting and collaborating with the Omen lead Program Manager based in Costa Mesa, HQ across Air Vehicle, Mission Systems, Support Systems, and Production Systems.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Stakeholder Engagement:** Build and maintain relationships with internal stakeholders, external clients, and industry partners to gather insights, align objectives, and secure buy-in for strategic initiatives. Act as the local liaison for UAE relationships, including subsystem suppliers, in-country test organizations, establishment of facilities, and coordination of customer engagements. Communicate internally the outputs of these efforts including cost forecasts, schedule, resource requirements, risks, and opportunities.
* **Enable Cross Team Collaboration:** Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple teams and initiatives. Collaborate closely with leads to ensure vision alignment and seamless execution through development and into production, including test operations.
* **Technical Ownership:** Drive technical outcomes through meticulous understanding of system performance, managing risks and opportunities with the Engineering leads, using metrics to derive insights into areas for improvement, quantifying the improvements made through investment in those areas, and maintaining a clear understanding of the state of the system that can be communicated to the customer.
* **Execute Autonomously:** Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from external clients. Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work. Become a trusted partner to Anduril’s engineers.
* **Shape Growth Opportunities:** Support the drafting of technical proposals, ensuring that potential projects and scaling opportunities are accurately scoped, estimated, and aligned with the organization's capabilities and strategic goals.
* **Strategic Planning & Execution:** Translate strategic business goals into actionable project plans, setting clear milestones, and driving initiatives from conception through to successful completion, ensuring they deliver intended outcomes and add value to the business. Oversee the UAE allocation of personnel, budget, and other resources to ensure successful execution of these initiatives.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ year of experience in a customer-facing program management role and/or systems engineering experience, preferably in the defense, national security, or aerospace domains
* Proven experience leading a technical team of peers to field hardware or software products to real operating environments through the product development lifecycle including test
* Proven experience leading a product and manufacturing team of peers through initial low rate production
* Solid technical aptitude and demonstrated individual contributions to technical designs, software development lifecycle, challenges and risks; ability to work closely and effectively with engineering teams
* Ability to work with internal and external stakeholders, across a wide range of technical comfort and at all levels
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
* Strong technical, analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive decisions
* Must have the ability to work through ambiguity, roll up your sleeves attitude, and drive forward progress
* Experience working with international suppliers and customers
* Must be able to obtain a Secret Clearance
* Must be able to travel up to 50% of the time

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor of Science degree in engineering, computer science, or related field preferred
* Experience defining new facilities or manufacturing spaces
* Experience with tools like JIRA and Confluence

US Salary Range

$147,000—$195,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
