---
title: Senior Supply Chain Program Manager
status: active
id: '5047858007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5047858007?gh_jid=5047858007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-02-09T23:27:34-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Program Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

The Senior Supply Chain Program Manager is a strategic driver of change within the Supply Chain Programs team, responsible for the end-to-end ownership of complex, cross-functional projects. This role will lead initiatives from initial concept through to final implementation, orchestrating collaboration between diverse teams (like Engineering, IT, and Procurement) to deliver robust solutions that improve efficiency and enable our supply chain to scale. The Program Manager is the central point of contact for their initiatives, responsible for defining scope, managing timelines, mitigating risks, and ensuring project goals are successfully met. This role is highly demanding, dynamic, and currently lacks structure which is something the Senior Supply Chain Program Manager can expect to influence from day one.   
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Lead cross-functional project teams to define scope, develop detailed project plans, and manage execution from start to finish.
* Drive the design and implementation of new supply chain processes and systems, ensuring they meet business requirements and are built for scale.
* Serve as the central point of communication for your projects, facilitating meetings and providing clear status updates and executive summaries to stakeholders and leadership.
* Manage project schedules, identify critical path activities, and proactively identify and mitigate risks to keep initiatives on track.
* Champion change management for your initiatives, developing communication plans, training materials, and adoption strategies to ensure new processes and tools are successful.
* Hold project teams and stakeholders accountable for deliverables and deadlines, navigating organizational complexity to clear roadblocks and drive decisions.
* Leverage the work of Program Analysts and subject matter experts to ensure comprehensive data analysis and process mapping supports your project's goals.
* Contribute to the continuous improvement of the PMO by refining project management methodologies and sharing best practices with the team.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain management, business, or related field.
* 6+ years of experience in supply chain data management within the aerospace, defense or related manufacturing industry.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Master's degree in data analytics, supply chain management, or related field.
* 8+ years of experience in supply chain data management within the aerospace, defense or related manufacturing industry.
* Proficiency in data visualization and reporting tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or similar.
* Experience with database management and data analysis software, such as SQL, Excel, or other analytical tools.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to interpret large datasets.
* Knowledge of supply chain processes and how they relate to KPIs and performance metrics.
* Excellent communication skills, with the ability to convey complex data in a clear and actionable manner to various audiences.
* Attention to detail and commitment to accuracy in data reporting and analysis.
* Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment.
* Familiarity with ERP systems and their reporting capabilities.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
