---
title: Senior Supply Chain Applications Engineer
status: active
id: '5048080007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5048080007?gh_jid=5048080007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-02-10T03:45:20-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Tech & Optimization'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Senior Supply Chain Application Engineer will play a crucial role in optimizing our Supply Chain team's digital ecosystem at Anduril. This position involves developing applications from the ground up using the Foundry platform and integrating these solutions with both Supply Chain functions and other cross-functional systems. You will collaborate with internal teams (Procurement, Purchasing, Planning, Program Management) and external partners (IT, Engineering, Finance, etc.) to enhance our digital landscape and increase efficiencies throughout our end-to-end processes, all with a focus on introducing scale and resiliency into our growing people and tools footprint.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Develop and code applications on Foundry using programming languages such as Python and JavaScript to support Supply Chain functions and facilitate integration with cross-functional systems.
* Act as a product manager throughout the application lifecycle, including requirement gathering, user interface design, and overseeing development phases.
* Collaborate with internal teams and related verticals (such as Finance and Engineering) to align on objectives and project deliverables.
* Partner with IT to implement an application enhancement roadmap, from planning through rollout.
* Contribute to application testing to verify that solutions meet user requirements and align with business goals.
* Support the development and optimization of business processes to ensure efficiency and adaptability for rapid growth.
* Manage data integrity and governance within applications, ensuring accurate and secure handling of information, including the development and integration of APIs to enable seamless data flow between custom applications and existing systems.

**BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* B.S. in Engineering, Supply Chain, Computer Science, or a related discipline.
* 5+ years of experience in supply chain IT systems and application development.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Proficient in programming languages (e.g., Python, JavaScript); experience with Foundry highly preferred
* Demonstrated ability in developing, documenting, and executing digital ecosystems focused on supply chain enhancement.
* Strong knowledge of data visualization and reporting tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI).
* Familiarity with UI/UX design principles and front-end frameworks (e.g., React, Angular).
* Understanding of data management practices, data modeling, ETL processes, and database systems (e.g., SQL).
* Competence in database management and analytical software, including SQL and Excel.
* Excellent communication skills and collaboration skills, with the ability to convey complex data in a clear and actionable manner to various audiences
* Attention to detail and a strong commitment to delivering accurate solutions.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
