---
title: Electronics Technician
status: active
id: '5052234007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5052234007?gh_jid=5052234007
lastmod: '2026-06-01T08:09:47-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T08:09:47-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production : Production Operations'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an Electronics Technician to join our rapidly growing team in Quonset, RI. In this role on the Pressure Vessel team, you will be working on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible in subsea robotics. You will play a key role in delivering our AUVs to our customers by working hands-on with our engineering team on a multi-disciplinary environment to scale our AUV production globally. This role will include building complex electromechanical assemblies and integrating them into the final product!

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Work within a team of multidisciplinary engineers and operations team on pressure vessel fabrication and assembly as part overall AUV production integration
* Fabricate complex wire harnesses, soldier electronic modules (including PCBAs), and modify COTS components
* Perform configuration tasks to flash/load correct SW/FW versions onto devices
* Build, test, and integrate complex electrical and mechanical assemblies into our world class AUVs
* Design, prototype, and scale manufacturing jigs and fixtures to improve build and test efficiency
* Follow detailed electrical and manufacturing documentation to build to engineering specifications
* Help develop, document, and improve the pressure vessel production process
* 5S work areas, perform part inspections, close out work order, and follow safety best practices
* Support management of tools, equipment, and lab supplies (maintenance, calibrations, raw material stock)
* Potential of traveling offshore to support our operations team

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Solid background in electronics working in relevant fields (Robotics, Defense, Avionics)
* Capable of carrying out detailed electro-mechanical assembly work with tight-tolerance components/enclosures and complex wire routings
* Familiarity with electrical engineering principles and concepts
* A full understanding of the manufacturing life cycle
* Experience working off of technical documentation, electrical schematics, and engineering drawings
* Commitment to a high-quality product and strong sense of personal accountability
* Ability to perform electrical debug including use of tools such as a digital multimeter, oscilloscope, etc.
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Has a never-ending sense of urgency and enthusiasm
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in sub-sea robotics (AUVs, UUVs, underwater equipment)
* Experience working with electrical systems up to 400VDc
* Experience working in avionics
* Subsea cable splicing or fabrication experience
* Experience with pressure vessels and/or pressure systems/equipment
* IPC 610 and/or 620 Certification
* Prior experience working with JIRA, Teamcenter (PLM), or NetSuite (ERP) or equivalent
* Experience with low volume/high mix manufacturing

US Hourly Range

$25—$33 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
