---
title: Senior Security Operations Analyst
status: active
id: '5052990007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5052990007?gh_jid=5052990007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-13T16:49:16-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Information Systems'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril's Detection and Response team is looking for a Security Operations Analyst to be the watchtower for Anduril's critical defense technologies. As a SecOps Analyst on the detection and response team, you'll be responsible for monitoring and responding to adversarial activity while helping incorporate key detection feedback loops with the detection engineering team. As a Senior SecOps Analyst, you will serve as an incident commander alongside other senior analysts. When not responding to threats, you'll be asking questions of our data sets, conducting threat hunting and data normalization operations across the organization to understand user behavior and identify anomalies.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Triage and respond to alerts / incidents covering multiple disciplines including, but not limited to, phishing, endpoints, cloud infrastructure and services, and SaaS applications
* Build and optimize tailored detection signatures, response playbooks, and response automation using detection-as-code principles
* As the frontline of DNR, you will lead the feedback loop for detections, ensuring alerts are fine tuned to reduce false positives
* Participate in threat modeling scenarios with cross-functional partners to understand weaknesses across Cloud, Mobile, Endpoints, and other environments incorporating findings into security controls and/or detection signatures
* Organize and conduct threat hunting and data baselines to identify anomalous patterns in data
* Participate in an on-call rotation responding to security events and conducting incident response investigations while effectively communicating findings to key stakeholders. As a Senior SecOps Analyst, you will serve as an incident commander as necessary.
* Proactively collaborate with a wide range of stakeholders, guiding detection and response maturity of key worlds, leading incidents and large-scale data baselines, and being responsible with mentoring and guiding junior analysts.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in security monitoring, log analysis, and detection engineering within large data sets across endpoint, network, and a wide variety of application log sources
* Experience in Python development, specifically contributing to a shared codebase used for automating SOC operations
* Must have experience with one or more SIEM languages (SPL, KQL, SQL)
* Experience conducting analysis in a data lake environment
* Broad range of practical security knowledge across the spectrum of endpoint, network, identity, application, and cloud infrastructure
* Knowledge of attacker tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) across Windows, Linux, MacOS, AWS/Azure, etc.
* Strong communication skills and experience collaborating with internal and external stakeholders
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience conducting incident response in the Cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP)
* Digital Forensics and/or reverse engineering experience is a plus!

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
