---
title: Formulations Manager, Rocket Motor Systems
status: active
id: '5055958007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5055958007?gh_jid=5055958007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-24T18:12:05-05:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States; McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering : Formulation'
offices:
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril – Rocket Motor Systems is seeking a Formulations Manager to join our organization. The Rocket Motor Systems group designs, develops, and manufactures next-generation solid rocket motors for defense and space applications at Anduril. The ideal candidate has both experience with energetic materials and solid composite propellant manufacture and formulation and previous technical functional management experience. This role requires in-depth knowledge of propellant chemistry/processing, robust experience in rocket motor testing, and the ability to lead and mentor a team of formulators.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead a team of 3-5 formulators in executing production, development, and research propellant programs and projects.
* Maintain compliance of acceptable explosive sensitivity limits for safe scaleup and manufacture of multiple solid propellant formulations.
* Manage group budget and properly allocate resources to ensure the success of critical contracts and efforts.
* Regularly create new processes and procedures from scratch and implement them across a rapidly-growing business line.
* Act in an approval role for business-critical functions such as:

+ statement of work accuracy.
+ energetic operations safety board.
+ material acceptance, compatibility, and sensitivity.
+ capital expenses including new buildings/facilities, new equipment, and new chemical instrumentation.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or a related field.
* U.S. citizenship is required as this position will access export-controlled and sensitive data.
* Ability to obtain a security clearance.
* Demonstrated technical leadership and ability to solve complex problems.
* Demonstrated problem-solving skills and the ability to operate in a fast-paced, challenging environment.
* Demonstrated technical leadership and execution.

#### **Preferred Qualifications**

* Demonstrated expertise in rocket motor manufacture, composite propellants, and energetic materials.
* Active DOD Secret or Top Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$144,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
