---
title: Support Systems Engineering Lead, Omen
status: active
id: '5055754007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5055754007?gh_jid=5055754007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-24T17:06:03-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## Job Description

Anduril is seeking a Support Systems Engineering Lead to join the Omen team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on new aircraft development, bringing pragmatic Support Systems thinking to complement and enhance the overall capability, ensuring that end-user needs are met in challenging operational environments. You will be part of a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Architect, plan, and lead the design and development of a broad Support System (including deployment, supply, operations and maintenance; and everything in between)
* Hire, develop, and grow a hands-on Engineering team focused on practical Support System solutions
* Collaborate with customer stakeholders on a comprehensive concept of employment to ensure operational needs are understood
* Own ‘Day In The Life Of’ decomposition activities to influence functional decomposition shaping the design of the Air Vehicle and Mission Systems
* Design, fabricate and test, Air Vehicle and Mission System transport and handling equipment to enable rapid deployment in a range of challenging operational environments
* Identify appropriate standards and associated interfaces for supply systems (such as fueling and charging) as inputs to design
* Leverage emerging technologies to develop maintenance systems, operational processes, and training approaches that set new standards for what good looks like
* Collaborate with peers across the Division to drive a consistent approach and ‘look and feel’ of a Common Support System across the Product ecosystem enhancing customer experience and familiarity
* Develop and own the Omen Project Reliability and Maintainability Plan (RMP)

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND ATTRIBUTES**

* Bachelor degree or higher in Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering or aviation related technical discipline
* 10+ years of experience in Aviation, Aerospace or product development/design environments including technology maturation
* Familiarity in applying Systems Engineering, and first-hand understanding of benefits and limitations of the approach
* Experience working in operational environments performing logistics, maintenance, or training roles including familiarity with supporting fielded systems in the control of customers.
* Be focused on both design and operation for maximum safety
* Strong bias for action and extremely high ownership in fast paced environment
* Ability to break complex problems into achievable challenges for consumption by the team
* Experience with high voltage systems/batteries and/or hybrid powertrains
* Trade or Mechanic qualifications considered advantageous
* Defense Industry or Military Service background highly desirable
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance in United States, United Kingdom, or Australia

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
