---
title: Product Operations Engineer, Edge Compute Systems
status: active
id: '5055334007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5055334007?gh_jid=5055334007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-18T00:19:43-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Product Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Connected Warfare Division is focused on building a next-gen software-defined distributed C2 architecture focused on orchestrating and automating 3rd party combat-fielded sensors and strike-networks for synchronized joint operations. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOW and IC.  
  
Our Edge Compute and Communications (ECC) business line, within the Connected Warfare division, delivers robust, high-performance computing and secure communications solutions directly at the tactical edge. By processing data in real-time and enabling decentralized decision-making, we empower warfighters with actionable intelligence, rapid connectivity, and unparalleled situational awareness in challenging environments.  
  
Ground Control Stations (GCSs), produced by the ECC business line within Connected Warfare division, represent the fundamental compute element to several major Anduril-built solutions for customers. They allow real-time planning and control of assets as well as analysis of returning data streams. They act as networking hubs, host UI backends, and provide database functionality for collected data. Anduril's GCS supports operations in both connected and offline environments. Our team offers two primary GCS products - the GCS 5 in a laptop form factor, and the GCS 7 which is a larger server housed in a chassis and rugged case.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Product Operations Engineer for GCS, you will play a critical role in ensuring the reliability and readiness of Anduril’s fixed-site and expeditionary asset control solutions. GCS is designed to deliver real-time planning and control of autonomous systems at the tactical edge through several form-factor solutions to support system employment in any situation. In this role, you will support end users by improving field failure discovery, mitigation, and resolution processes, conducting root cause analysis, deploying fixes, and managing incidents across the GCS fleet. This position requires a strong problem-solving mindset and hands-on expertise in debugging and resolving complex compute hardware and software issues. If you are passionate about cutting-edge technology, advancing national security, and delivering best-in-class operational support, Anduril invites you to join the team.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Sustain Anduril's GCS deployments by combining an understanding of our customers' missions with familiarity of our products and delivered capabilities
* Triage, diagnose and root cause product incidents, driving postmortem actions including providing status visibility through resolution. Then abstract incidents and optimize wider system and product reliability. This will include conducting log reviews and diagnostics, as well as utilizing Linux and command line tools for system management and issue resolution
* Consistently assess and seek to improve the quality of the fleet's observability and health telemetry in partnership with multiple functions across the GCS team
* Collect, organize, and analyze system failure data to define trends, drive proactive sustainment processes, and support resource allocation
* Support Anduril's global customers through proactive communications and detail-oriented execution. You will track and manage customer-facing incidents and concerns, ensuring timely response, mitigation, and communication of resolution.
* Support the evaluation and improvement of product capabilities, analyzing customer communication and feedback for capability requirements, product performance indicators, and desired functionality
* Maintain awareness of current product specifications and bridge the gap in understanding between technical and non technical stakeholders
* Communicate and coordinate technical and non-technical efforts across multiple business, engineering, and sustainment functions, influencing decision making and driving action to maximize capability availability for end users
* Travel as required to support customer needs and operations

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4+ year of technical support experience with a focus on final-tier customer concern support.
* Experience supporting and/or performing incident driven workflows requiring analysis, triage, and prioritization.
* Experience in on-call support operations and working in limited risk tolerance environments.
* Ability to work non-standard hours and weekends as needed.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret Security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BA or BS degree from accredited institution, STEM degree, preferably in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, information technology, or similar.
* Experience supporting and/or operating compute-enabled communications systems, including electronic warfare domain experience, as a DOD employee, contractor, or end-user.
* Experience with observability tooling such as DataDog, Grafana, and Victor Ops; exposure to software development tooling such as Git and Jira.
* Applicable industry certifications (e.g. CompTIA Network+, CCNA, Linux+).
* Familiarity with and/or experience administrating NixOS systems
* Experience working as a system administrator
* Experience executing sustainment and reliability workflows for a defense-focused service or product.
* DOD, Law Enforcement, or other Government agency experience preferred.
* Demonstrated experience as a self-starter, able to find and resolve issues on your own.
* Experience performing trend analysis to inform business decisions.
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution.
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in operational environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the depth and breadth of a technical system.
* Daily practice of excellence and rigor - you execute the 100th rep of a process with the same focus and care as the first five reps.
* Confident with navigating ambiguity and crafting new ways of doing things.
* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills.
* Active SECRET (or higher level) security clearance.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
