---
title: Associate Director, Business Development, Maneuver Dominance
status: active
id: '5057132007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5057132007?gh_jid=5057132007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-19T14:41:39-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Maneuver Dominance Capture'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM** 

The Maneuver Dominance Division’s mission is to reboot Vertical Flight.  Our Group 3 and above portfolio of UAS are the cornerstone of these capabilities, and we continually strive to push the boundaries of what’s possible in endurance, autonomy and mission capability. The Maneuver Dominance team develops and maintains core products and payloads, and adapts and applies those products to serve a wide variety of defense, IC and commercial customers in US and international markets. 

**ABOUT THE JOB** 

We are seeking an **Associate Director, Business Development,**to join our rapidly growing Business Development team in HQ or Washington, DC. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and implementing strategies to deliver our Vertical Lift Capabilities to our defense and commercial customers. This position works across all products in the portfolio. Your responsibilities will include planning, coordinating, and driving capture campaigns across the Division.  You will work with other growth team members to drive Strategic Planning and prioritization for the Division to inform senior leader and C-Suite decision making for resourcing decisions.  You must have strong analytical skills, an understanding of market forces, competition analysis, and have excellent written, visual, and oral skills to communicate highly complex information in succinct and impactful ways.  If you have a strategic perspective on land and maritime air operations, a successful product strategy background, and experience winning customer-funded projects, this role is for you. 

**WHAT YOU’LL DO** 

* **Generate and capture business opportunities.**The BD team is ultimately responsible for growing revenue. You will grow a deep understanding of the existing and prospective client base, know the current and planned programmatic and technical roadmap, and be cognizant of the current and changing competitive landscape. You will plan, initiate, and manage continuous engagements with current and prospective customers and monitor buying cycles for opportunities. You will support proposals and new customer efforts, including authoring and reviewing RFI, RFP, RFWP, and other request responses and support the growth and capture teams in closing on new business.
* **Strategic Planning across the portfolio**. You will partner with adjacent business lines and product teams to identify opportunities for business growth. This doesn’t just include expanding on current work, but interfacing with new partners to explore new opportunity areas by sustaining and building on the strong foundation of client relationships.
* **Communicate our value to clients.** BD team members represent Anduril to a broad audience: customers, partners, competitors, and the interested public. You must project the company’s ethos, conveying insights that illustrate our approach to building next-generation defense technology and our competitive edges in doing so.
* **Inform product development.**You will be a liaison between a current or prospective client and the teams that run current or future products, and as such must be able to translate their problem set into an actionable internal plan and product roadmap. You will need to interpret and convey various client needs to the growth and engineering teams, help to inform and manage priorities and execution, keep Business Line stakeholders informed, and make sure that performance stays aligned to key milestones.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* The ideal candidate will be a proven development and growth leader with prior experience in commercial or DoD Capture and Sales, demonstrating a track record of building, executing, and winning business capture strategies, particularly with an emphasis on the US Navy as a customer.
* An aptitude and appetite to thrive within organizations with: nascent structure, high-ownership culture, and a “whatever it takes” environment.
* A knack for knocking out deliverables in an ambiguous environment, while maintaining a level-head, strong interpersonal skills, and executive gravitas.
* Demonstrated knowledge in defense acquisitions, with a history of zero-to-one defense program growth a plus.
* Experience in the technical, programmatic, and operational challenges of developing and deploying Uncrewed Air or Ground systems
* Demonstrated high-energy, high-ownership individual who will drive performance and exhibit strong management skills with a high level of emotional intelligence. Must be able to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment, and be able to build, adapt, and implement new and innovative approaches to market.
* Excellent writing, communication skills with experience briefing senior executives and customers.
* Demonstrated knowledge of relevant DoD / IC / Commercial programs, platforms and payloads, to include enabling technologies, systems integration and software development.
* Bachelor’s degree
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* Expertise Land and Littoral Warfare through previous business development roles or operational experience
* Experience in the technical, programmatic, and operational challenges of autonomous systems and / or crewed aviation.
* 2-3 years consultant in the Aerospace and Defense Field.
* Experience with government business development, government contract structures, and government proposal processes.
* Prior military or contracting experience, or experience in DoD or Government.
* Ability to travel 30-50%, some International.
* Degree in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, systems engineering, physics, robotics, or computer science. in electrical engineering, physics or computer science.
  + Currently has and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret Top Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
