---
title: 'Senior People Program Manager '
status: active
id: '5057558007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5057558007?gh_jid=5057558007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T20:45:11-04:00'
date: '2026-02-20T19:10:51-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'People : People Operations : Employee Experience'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

At Anduril, we're not just changing the game – we're redefining it. As our Senior People Program Manager, you will partner with leadership and teams from across the business to unpack ambiguous problems and build lasting, scalable solutions.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Sr. People Program Manager to join our rapidly growing team. From talent acquisition to compensation, you'll dive deep into our most critical workflows, emerging as the go-to expert for all things People Programs. With your strong foundation in project management, a keen understanding of data analysis, and a commanding executive presence you will drive program initiatives, oversee project execution, and communicate effectively with senior stakeholders.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* You’ll both lead and help on critical projects for leaders in our People org, requiring you to quickly learn new subject matters and create priorities in an ambiguous environment.
* You have an insanely high execution bar and will see projects through from conception to tactical completion to move Anduril forward.
* You’ll use your qualitative and quantitative skill set to help design key analysis to influence and execute on operational decisions, and partner with analysts to execute.
* You will utilize your project management expertise to develop structured and meticulous processes using project briefs, trackers, and data mapping, ensuring timely and on-schedule project delivery.
* You'll continuously use your creativity to craft compelling narratives that convey a clear vision, story, or request.
* You’ll communicate across teams, bridging different parts of the organization to achieve cross-functional outcomes.
* Own operational projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation. You will be handed ambiguous, messy problems with little prescription on how to solve them.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 6+ yrs experience in management consulting, strategy, internal operations, or program management.
* You are motivated by our mission. We are working to solve the biggest problems in defense.
* You thrive in cross-functional projects that have a heavy combination of technical requirements and user-focused workflows.
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time creating process.
* You are empathetic: you are eager to see the world from your users’ perspective.
* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way. You are a driver of strategic planning.
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility.
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require communications to large groups and senior leadership. This should excite you!
* Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences
* Ability to interpret complex datasets and extract actionable insights that support business objectives.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
