---
title: Technical Documentation Illustrator, S1000D
status: active
id: '5057060007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5057060007?gh_jid=5057060007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-02-19T13:57:35-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Technical Writing'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Deployments team is a cross-functional group that partners with every business line and supports all products that Anduril builds. Our responsibilities include product operations, training and adoption, along with user documentation and several other functions. We believe that the quality of our documentation should reflect the quality of our products, which are world-class.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are seeking a Technical Illustrator to support mission-critical defense programs by developing high-quality technical illustrations used in maintenance, operations, and training documentation. This role create and revise 2D illustrations and 3D content across Anduril products within the Deployments Technical Writing function. The ideal candidate has hands-on experience creating authoring standard-compliant (S1000D, MIL-STD-40051) illustrations and thrives in fast paced, Engineering-driven environments. The role will define how engineering data is translated into accurate scalable, and reusable visual content that supports mission success, rapid iteration, and future government contracts.  
  
You will work closely with technical writers, engineers and program stakeholders to translate complex mechanical, electrical and system level concepts into clear accurate and usable visuals that support operations and maintainers in the field. This role will also advise on technical standards and best practices for illustration development.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Define and implement S1000D compliant illustration standards across technical documentation.
* Advise technical writers and illustrators on appropriate graphic type (procedural, descriptive, parts)
* Develop and maintain illustration style guides
* Create and revise 2D and 3D content using Rapid Illustrator in support of defense docs (IETMs, manuals, training manuals).
* Interpret engineering drawings, CAD models, source data and redlines to produce accurate illustrations.
* Develop exploded views, parts, breakdowns, installations/removal graphics and system schematics
* Ensure illustrations comply with S1000D. MIL-STD, and program specific style guides
* Collaborate with technical writers to align graphics with procedural content
* Manage illustrations revisions through configuration control and document change processes
* Maintain and contribute to a reusable graphics asset library
* Support reviews with engineering, QA, and program stakeholders

**Tools:**

+ PTC IsoDraw
+ Adobe creative suite (illustrator, photoshop)
+ CAD
+ S1000D authoring environments
+ PLM/configuration management systems

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience as a technical illustrator in aerospace, defense, or government contracting
* Proficiency with PTC IsoDraw/ Rapid Author/ Rapid Illustrator
* Experience supporting DoD programs and working in regulated documentation environments
* Ability to interpret engineering source data (drawings, models, specifications)
* Experience working with technical publication tools (Arbortext, Rapid Author, Cortona)
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Prior work in DOD programs such as fighter aircraft
* Experience working with a Teamcenter PLM environment
* Experience working with technical pubs tools such as Arbortext, Oxygen, RapidAuthor
* Active DoD security clearance
* Experience in utilizing CAD models as source data for illustration
* Experience creating interactive 3D animations
* Experience creating or maintaining illustration style guides
* Background in both illustration and authoring

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
