---
title: Electrical Engineer, Avionics Design
status: active
id: '5059872007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5059872007?gh_jid=5059872007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-02-23T15:36:24-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

The **Air Dominance and Strike (AD&S) Electrical Engineering Team** is responsible for developing high-reliability avionics, embedded processing, and power systems for Group 5 air vehicles and missile platforms. Working across hardware, software, and mission autonomy, the team delivers flight-critical electronics, PCB assemblies, and FPGA-based processing architectures that enable Anduril's next-generation autonomous air platforms to operate in complex and contested environments. AD&S Electrical Engineers drive end-to-end development, from system architecture and circuit design to verification, integration, and flight test, ensuring scalable, mission-ready solutions that meet the performance, reliability, and survivability demands of the U.S. Military and modern air warfare.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking for an **Avionics Engineer** to join our rapidly growing team in **Costa Mesa, CA**. In this role, you will be tasked with working closely with avionics engineers to review and design electrical integration details to ensure details are documented and communicated to all relevant stakeholders. If you are someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware, we are looking for you.

**WHAT YOU WILL DO**

* Full cycle PCB design including collecting requirements, schematic design, component selection, supervision or completion of layout, bring-up, test, debug, and system integration
* Conduct bring-up and design work on microcontrollers, ensuring seamless integration within the system
* Troubleshoot issues that span electrical and software boundaries, utilizing both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and basic software debugging tools}

***ADDITIONAL LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES***

* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, deployments, and customer operated hardware
* Perform power design, including development and integration of power management systems and components
* Develop payloads and subsystems (sensors, payload interfaces, power management, and networking)
* Create system interconnect diagrams and define wire harnesses that connect electronic equipment within a subsystem
* Collaborate closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional, mission-critical products
* Conduct peer-level and cross-discipline design reviews

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent, with 3+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting complex system designs
* Ability to perform power system and electrical loading analysis, simulation, and testing to determine optimal solutions
* High competence using lab test equipment (benchtop power supplies, electronics loads, oscilloscopes, DMM, logic/spectrum analyzers, etc.) with familiarity of thermal and EMI test chambers and using basic software debugging tools
* Familiarity with common electrical bus interfaces (CAN, I2C, SPI, Ethernet, RS232/422, RS485, USB)
* Exceptional organization and communication skills (both written and oral)
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance
* Experience with power design and power management systems
* Hands-on experience with microcontrollers, including bring-up and design work
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits
* Experience designing mixed-signal PCBs with multiple layer counts, layer stackup and impedance matching for power and sensor applications, understanding correct grounding approaches and employing appropriate board protections and filtering
* Understanding of low voltage and high voltage power electronics and control systems in order to capture system interconnect diagrams and drive cable harnessing designs with proper wire and connector selection

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Familiar with high end consumer or military embedded systems design
* Experience with power systems including batteries and AC power.
* Develop low-level firmware for bring-up and test
* Background in defense and missile systems.
* Comprehensive understanding of the effects of temperature and vibration on electrical designs.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
