---
title: Production Coordinator
status: active
id: '5061295007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5061295007?gh_jid=5061295007
lastmod: '2026-07-24T08:42:04-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T15:14:04-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Autonomous Airpower Production : Arsenal-1'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

At Arsenal-1, Anduril's state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Columbus, OH, you will help set the standard for building the future of advanced autonomous systems. The Production Control team is responsible for a wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including execution of the monthly production plan, coordinating the implementation of engineering changes, maintaining accurate inventory and government property, monitoring the health of the ERP and WMS systems and developing/implementing material flow strategies/processes to support efficient movement of material.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are seeking a Production Coordinatorto join our manufacturing team at Anduril who will be responsible for organizing and coordinating all aspects of a production. Here you will work on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible. The Production Coordinator is responsible for resource planning, documentation, communicating with multiple stakeholders, problem solving and more! If you are someone who is a highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment and detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight then this role is for you.  
 **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Monitor, track, and move parts as required through the production flow to ensure timely delivery to next production location.
* Coordinate physical movement of parts through receiving inspection, stock rooms, purchasing, production resources or any applicable work center.
* Ensure parts are handled and protected properly and within company specifications.
* Coordinate off site processing of parts to ensure on time delivery as required.

+ Support the manufacturing/production, supply chain and inventory teams cross-functionally.

* MRP/ERP/MES data is and remains clean and accurate.

+ Assist with resolution of inventory inaccuracies to help supply planning and production teams meet expected demand schedules.

* Work with production managers to ensure all metrics driven action requirements are completed.
* Develop and maintain reports to highlight needs, deliverables and constraints as required for internal and customer use.
* Communicate part status and estimated completion dates to leadership weekly.
* Support logistics process through innovative staging of workflow as required.
* Support management of material certifications as required prevent use of uncertified materials.
* Support production and inventory personnel with “return to stock” and inventory purge actions.
* Organize and maintain the physical and electronic library for production related tooling and calibration database as required.
* Support assigned production cells with work order management activities as required.
* Must be able to lift and move items of 20 pounds or more on a regular basis and repetitively lift weights on raised surfaces.
* Must be able to climb, bend, kneel, crawl, and stoop on a frequent basis and for extended periods.
* Willing to work overtime and weekends as needed.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
* 2+ years of experience in a manufacturing, shipping, or logistics environment.
* Experience with MRP/ERP/MES (Netsuite, Oracle or equivalent systems)
* Strong computer skills, familiar with the full suite of MS Office products.
* Tableau, Confluence, SQL or any reporting feature experience.
* U.S. Citizen Required

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience handling parts in a manufacturing setting.
* Experience in organizing files and documents.
* Inventory experience.
* Experience in aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic manufacturing environments.
* APICS certification.
* Lean Manufacturing Principles

#### ADDITIONAL DETAILS

* Start and end times may vary based on business needs; however, this role will primarily operate during second shift hours between 1:00 PM and 9:30 PM.

**HOURLY RATE**

* T1 Hourly Rate: $22 - $28/hr
* T2 Hourly Rate: $24 - $33/hr
* T3 Hourly Rate: $28 - $37/hr
* Your job level will be tailored to your individual qualifications, including your job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

**Shift 1**

* 5 AM to 1:30 PM  (8h + 30m lunch)
* Break 8 AM | Lunch 11-11:30 | Break 12:30 PM

**Shift 2**

* 1 PM  - 9:30 PM (8h + 30m lunch)
* Break: 4 PM | Lunch 7 - 7:30 PM | Break 8:30 PM

Overlap: 1:00 - 1:30 PM (30 min handoff)

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
