---
title: Manufacturing Test Engineer
status: active
id: '5061616007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5061616007?gh_jid=5061616007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-04T18:16:36-05:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
As our Maritime team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Manufacturing Test Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Quincy, MA. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and implementing high-fidelity, automated test procedures on both the component and system level. You will work closely with engineering staff and a team of skilled electro-mechanical technicians to advance our testing capabilities and ensure the highest levels quality are achieved as we continue drive scalability into our production operations.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build a broad range of test capabilities across the manufacturing value stream - from system level checkouts and acceptance testing to key component level in process validation
* Develop, execute, and manage test eco-system to de-risk hardware and ensure product meets target reliability levels and ultimate design intent
* Perform hands-on and data-driven root cause analysis of electromechanical subsystems utilizing structured problem solving methodologies
* Design and implement semi-automated testing equipment/protocols for subsystem characterization and reliability/environmental testing
* Collaborate with the design/systems team throughout product development cycles to perform risk assessments, maintain ownership of test deployment activities in production, oversee technician training, burn down bug fixes/improvements as needed
* Produce and maintain testing logs/data, develop library of error codes with troubleshooting logic/diagrams for fast issue resolution
* Generate controlled test instructions that can be easily followed by technician team in MES or other test execution systems
* Design and execution of PCBA and electrical system components with hands on testing and rework as necessary

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field, or equivalent work experience
* 3+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably test design of electro-mechanical hardware in a manufacturing environment
* Experience developing full system test plans and know how to execute them on fast-paced product development timelines
* Have experience with programming/testing a wide range of sensors, actuators, and electrical components
* Experience in hardware testing and automated test systems (LabVIEW, Test Stand, etc.)
* Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Matlab, SHELL, or others
* Experience with computer hardware communication protocols: USB, Ethernet, RS232, RS485, PCIe, HDMI, CAN, etc
* Are well versed with complex electromechanical systems and are passionate about understanding what it takes to make them work reliably
* Can prototype and run your own tests, from experimental setup to hardware and software implementation
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in sub-sea robotics or AUV/UUV industries
* Familiar with Product Life Cycle (PLM) systems, Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES), and Test Execution Systems (TES)
* Demonstrated ability to learn new skills or adapt to new situations. Un-phased by challenges that go beyond the traditional comfort zone or work experience Multidisciplinary approach to problem solving
* Comfortable with high project ownership under technical and schedule pressure, particularly where the scope and definition are limited
* Experience testing and operating with or around hazardous systems (high voltage up to 400V)
* Experience working on projects that involve the integration of electrical, mechanical, and software/firmware systems

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
