---
title: Engineering Program Manager, Actuation Systems
status: active
id: '5062078007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5062078007?gh_jid=5062078007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:52:19-04:00'
date: '2026-02-26T14:38:29-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Core Technology Products : Core Technology Products'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Represent and help build your program’s culture. As the liaison to the engineering development organization you are well positioned to consistently interact with all teams at Anduril and often will be tasked to represent the program in a cross-functional capacity. You should be knowledgeable of not only the current state of the program, but also the various technical and operational factors which define the product architecture and overall vision.
* Establishing key milestones and targets from across the organization to help define the product roadmap. This will require an in-depth understanding of what teams are affected by the various stages of your program’s engineering development. You are to ensure that teams are being engaged at the right time and at the right maturity stage to be successful. The roadmap you help develop would be the guide for your program that the organizations would reference and plan around.
* Evaluate and prioritize the various tasks required to successfully support the program development efforts. Be prepared to help drive to the best decision for the program and company. This generally should be a data driven approach, and should include inputs from all the various stakeholders to ensure the decision is well informed and can be successfully executed.
* Execute a variety of tasks to ensure the program stays on track. These tasks can take many forms as the engineering program manager should be prepared to fill any gap to de-risk the roadmap.
* Communicate engineering strategy and vision to the technical stakeholders to help manage expectations. Ensure all risks are noted and addressed with adequate time and resources to help keep things on track.
* Expected to work closely with teams including, but not limited to: design engineering, finance, logistics, EHS, manufacturing, supply chain, engineering testing, legal, technical operations, business strategy/programs, and production

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years as a Technical Program Manager driving hardware or integrated product development projects.
* Demonstrated experience managing or significantly contributing to the product development lifecycle of complex electromechanical systems, including motors, actuators, and drive systems, gears, bearings, gearboxes, pcba’s, sensors & engines.
* 4+ years’ experience in mechanical systems hardware with emphasis on drive systems, turbojet engines or electromechanical assemblies as part of integrated product development
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Aptitude for working with internal and external stakeholders, across a wide range of technical areas.
* Comfort working with data and complex analyses
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with or interest in working with visual design tools to communicate ideas.
* Technical familiarity with the unique design considerations, manufacturing processes, and integration challenges associated with high-performance drive systems and motion control components.
* Understanding of power electronics, sensing, and control systems relevant to modern actuation and drive solutions is a plus
* A keen eye for technological advancements in the areas listed above.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
