---
title: Senior Systems Engineer, Discovery
status: active
id: '5063011007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5063011007?gh_jid=5063011007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T12:31:00-04:00'
date: '2026-02-25T15:57:10-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : Discovery Engineering'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.

#### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Discovery business line is seeking a talented Systems Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Washington, DC. In this role, you will be responsible for managing Architecture & Requirements for next generation air and missile defense systems. You will be ensuring requirements and architecture traceability through test and evaluations critical to the fire-control certification processes. If you are someone who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and has a passion for contributing to national security, then this role is for you!

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Interface with stakeholders including internal programs and external customers.
* Assist in developing a robust requirements and architecture management plan.
* Develop artifacts based on stakeholder needs and work closely with functional areas to ensure artifacts are complete and accurate. Model Artifacts will often be contractual deliverables and require demonstration at stakeholder meetings and events.
* This role will be critical proving that Anduril offers real Systems Engineering and Mission Systems Integration capabilities.
* Lead and develop requirements and architecture products that provide full traceability, and configuration is controlled and managed across related Fire-Control programs.
* Participate in the development of our Digital and Systems Engineering Strategy and Implementation.
* Develop a deep understanding of transformational value of Anduril platforms, autonomy, simulation, and perception products through the creation and maintenance of systems engineering artifacts.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* B.S. in aerospace, mechanical, computer science or similar engineering or technical field.
* 5+ years Systems Engineering Experience across the life cycle. The more, the better.
* Test experience preferably missile defense and space related.
* Understanding of Fire-Control systems and required safety, and hazard mitigation practices.
* Basic knowledge of reliability engineering concepts and practices.
* Experience with systems testing and evaluation methodologies.
* Experience with Systems Engineering, Requirements Elicitation and Management, Integration, and Test Activities on complex systems - DoD Weapon Systems, Space Systems, etc...
* Experience with SysML, DoDAF, UAFP, or similar.
* Experience developing various model based system engineering artifacts - Operational Viewpoints, System Viewpoints, activity diagrams, use case diagrams, BDDs, IBDs, parametric diagrams, etc...
* Experience with Cameo MagicDraw or similar systems engineering software (Rhapsody, SparxEA, etc...).
* Experience with Digital Engineering workflows and Integrated Modeling Environments (i.e. Teamwork Cloud).
* Outstanding communication skills to include presentation of developed artifacts.
* Experience generating and tracking metrics.
* Experience creating and improving processes.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with modeling of weapon systems, and threat scenarios.
* Knowledge of reliability prediction techniques and failure mode analysis.
* Experience with test planning, execution, and data analysis for complex systems.
* Experience Cameo Simulation Toolkit plugin for Cameo MagicDraw.
* Experience with AFSIM, and Model Based Systems Engineering integrations.
* Proficiency with Mathworks products (MATLAB, SIMULINK etc.).

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
