---
title: Manufacturing Equipment Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5063282007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5063282007?gh_jid=5063282007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T13:24:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Manufacturing Engineering is seeking a Manufacturing Equipment Engineer to join our team. The Manufacturing Engineering department develops and implements robust manufacturing processes and tooling solutions to ensure Anduril's defense products are produced efficiently, reliably, and at scale at Anduril.  
  
As a Manufacturing Equipment Engineer, you will support continuous operations and enable world class manufacturing of cutting edge defense products. As a Sustaining Equipment Engineer, you will drive Overall Equipment Efficiency (OEE) by continuously enhancing critical systems, including PLC/HMI logic, robotics, mechanical/electrical subsystems, and conveyance infrastructure. You will also play a key role in cross-functional teams, developing, introducing, and ensuring the long-term sustainment of new models, products, and materials. The right person for the role has a proven track record of significantly improving Overall Equipment Efficiency through sophisticated automation enhancements and successful collaboration on new product development.. If you are someone who has an analytical mindset, a relentless drive for continuous improvement in OEE, and excellent collaboration skills to work effectively across teams, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Analyze and optimize production equipment to ensure safety while maximizing Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) in cost effective means while driving to achieve world-class quality levels
* Champion continuous improvement projects to maximize yield, cycle time, and availability of equipment. Report metrics to upper management
* Work hand in hand with process engineering and maintenance teams to resolve equipment issues, improve equipment reliability, and provide technical guidance
* Support operations to aggressively ramp newly launched products to full-scale production
* Develop Scada system to monitor, gather, and process real-time production data
* Perform in-depth root cause analysis for equipment failures and implement robust corrective and preventive actions to enhance system reliability and uptime.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including design engineering, quality, and production to ensure production related issues are rapidly resolved

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or a related technical field.
* 5+ years of experience in a manufacturing environment, specifically focused on equipment engineering, automation, or reliability.
* Demonstrated expertise in programming and troubleshooting PLCs (e.g., Allen-Bradley, Siemens), HMIs, and industrial automation systems.
* Strong understanding of robotics, motion control systems, and mechanical/electrical subsystems in a production setting.
* Proven ability to lead and execute continuous improvement initiatives (e.g., Lean, Six Sigma) resulting in measurable OEE gains.
* Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills with ability to implement effective solutions quickly
* Excellent problem-solving abilities, analytical skills, and attention to detail.
* Experience working in a fast-paced, high-volume manufacturing environment.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with Vision Systems for automated inspection and guidance.
* Proficiency in CAD software (e.g., SolidWorks, AutoCAD) for equipment design and layout.
* Lean Six Sigma certification (Green Belt or Black Belt).
* Prior experience in the defense, aerospace, or med-tech industries.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
