---
title: 'Manufacturing Engineer '
status: active
id: '5064817007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5064817007?gh_jid=5064817007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T00:44:12-04:00'
date: '2026-02-27T01:37:14-05:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**Job Overview:**

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Manufacturing Engineer with an Electronic or Mechatronic background to join our team in Sydney, Australia. The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defence hardware for undersea vehicles. As a Manufacturing Engineer, you will have responsibility for optimizing Anduril’s manufacturing operations for best-in-class quality, reliability, speed, and asset utilization, all while meeting critical customer and internal development timelines. The Manufacturing Engineer will be instrumental in taking a data-driven approach to designing production workstations and manufacturing processes to meet these objectives. Executing on this responsibility will entail active collaboration with Anduril teams across Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate past ownership on solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built and tested under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.  
  
**What You'll Do**

* Design, document and implement efficient manufacturing processes to meet both new product development (NPI) and full-rate production goals through the development of process workflows and detailed work instructions.
* Generate controlled MBOMs, work and test instructions that can be easily followed by technician team in MES or other test execution systems.
* Support the production team through the build of complex electrical assemblies end-to-end through their integration into the wider system — from PCBA flashing, up through cable harness assembly, electrical sub-assembly, and into vehicle/system-level integration and test.
* Perform hands-on and data-driven root cause analysis of electromechanical subsystems utilizing structured problem solving methodologies.
* Proactively identify imbalances and bottlenecks caused by line layout, parts shortages, staffing shortages, and other production constraints by understanding cycle time and Quality metrics.
* Provide technical guidance to the production team as well as act as a liaison between engineering, supply chain and other departments to ensure project success.
* Collaborate with the Quality team to set quality standards, implement inspection processes and analyze product specifications to ensure manufacturing capabilities align with quality requirements.
* Foster a collaborative environment that encourages knowledge sharing and team engagement.
* Adhere to all health and safety regulations, promoting a culture of safety within the manufacturing environment.

**Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electro-Mechanical, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, or related field
* 3+ years experience in a manufacturing environment where complexelectrical assemblies were built.
* Solid understanding of hardware manufacturing processes for electronics (PCBAs, sensor hardware, battery power systems, cable harnesses etc.) and electromechanical systems.
* Experience in hardware testing and automated test systems (LabVIEW, Test Stand, etc.)
* Experience with computer hardware communication protocols: USB, Ethernet, RS232, RS485, PCIe, HDMI, CAN, etc
* Strong technical ability to read technical documentation such as electrical schematic drawings, 3D CAD files
* Have experience with programming/testing a wide range of sensors, actuators, and electrical components
* Demonstrated ability to own a product in manufacturing from start to finish; coordinating among multiple internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
* Prior knowledge and interaction with a Manufacturing Execution System (MES) for production operations
* Prior knowledge of Oracle or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Ability to obtain and maintain an Australian Government Security Clearance

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Production line design and set up - Value Stream mapping, material flow lines, one piece flow, workstation design
* Experience with CAD and production simulation software (NX/Solidworks)
* Experience with Teamcenter PLM
* Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing principles / implementation

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
