---
title: Release Manager, Air Defense
status: active
id: '5064570007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5064570007?gh_jid=5064570007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T16:33:39-04:00'
date: '2026-02-27T18:01:32-05:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Air Defense Engineering : Software Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Defense team builds robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of UAS threats. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems in challenging operational environments worldwide.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced SW Release Manager. In this critical role, you will define and manage major software releases aligned with program milestones, delivering production-quality software for safety and mission-critical systems across multiple product variants. You will be instrumental in ensuring timely, secure, and reliable software delivery to our customers and warfighters. 

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

\* Work closely with System Engineers and Product teams to translate software requirements into release plans and deliverables. 

\* Ensure timely delivery of software releases artifacts including any supporting documentation. 

\* Continuously improve the processes in support of release and quality improvement. 

\* Manage and coordinate the deployment of development releases to test and evaluation teams for validation. 

\* Implement and manage automated testing and deployment processes in an established continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) environment. 

\* Utilize Git and CI automations to execute nightly and automated builds and system checks. 

\* Define and develop software-in-the-loop (SITL) and hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) tests to validate system-level performance and assure system quality. 

#### **Required Qualifications:**

\*   Experience owning a software release process. 

\*   Experience with software build automation tooling such as GitHub, CircleCI, and other DevOps relevant tools. 

\*   Proven track record of managing the deployment of production software and interacting with CI/CD pipelines. 

\*   Strong coding skills and a background in applying automated test coverage infrastructure (on-device and in the cloud). 

\*   Past experience in at least one of C++, Rust, or Go, and proficiency in Python and Bash / Command Line scripting. 

\*   Familiarity with the Department of Defense (DoD) ecosystem for the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), (e.g., MIL-STD-882 for System Safety Engineering, Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs), DevSecOps best practices for continuous ATO). 

\*   Ability to present strategic, technical, and operational updates to stakeholders at all levels  

\*   U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data. 

\*   Must be eligible to obtain and hold a US DoD Security Clearance. 

#### **Preferred Qualifications:**

\*   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 

\*   Experience with Nix/NixOS. 

\*   Proven experience in an Engineering role, demonstrating leadership and innovation. 

\*   Experience with both edge and cloud deployments 

\*   Experience implementing automated testing frameworks in software-in-the-loop (SITL) and hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) environments. 

\*   Experience in Agile methodologies. 

\*   Experience with Unix/Linux tools for performance analysis and debugging problems (e.g., valgrind, perf). 

\*   Solid understanding of systems software (kernel, device drivers, system calls). 

\*   Experience working with networked sensor modules via Ethernet/CAN/Serial and using interface specifications or protocols to collect and analyze data. 

\*   Ability to travel up to 25% time. 

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
