---
title: Tooling Engineer
status: active
id: '5069224007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5069224007?gh_jid=5069224007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-06T15:47:05-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Heavy Metal - Production : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Technology, Maritime Team is seeking a Tooling and Equipment Design Engineer to join our team in Costa Mesa, CA. The Maritime Manufacturing Technology Team is responsible for rapidly developing and implementing manufacturing technologies and processes for cutting-edge defense hardware, including deployable static and moving surface, undersea and sea to air vehicles and scaling these products in our new manufacturing facilities.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Tooling and Equipment Design Engineer, you will be developing tooling, equipment, and layouts to support manufacturing processes, the production system, movement simulations and digital twins of the production environment in order to drive to efficient, rapid, on-time production and start-up of the new production facilities for maritime vehicles. The right person for this role has designed tooling and equipment solutions enabling production systems and manufacturing models of the work environment for a variety of product lines, groups, or businesses and integrated with both internal and external customers. If you are someone who wants to develop innovative, adaptive, flexible, creative approaches to manufacturing production systems and develop unified solutions for lots of stakeholders then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Design tooling and equipment that integrates with factory manufacturing equipment, NC machinery, and robotic welding equipment to enable processing systems for supporting factory development and the future production system. You will utilize computer aided design, simulation, and computer graphics to enable lean manufacturing principles, integrated metrology and visual management, including technologies, tools and processes to improve production flow while enhancing product performance, space allocation and resource requirements across programs and products.
* Support tooling and equipment integration, commissioning, and certification in prototype and production development
* Develop, review, and validate tooling and equipment concepts to meet performance requirements
* Team with manufacturing technology, facilities, and suppliers to create, source, and assess potential equipment and tooling to solve for production needs
* Be on the floor communicating and integrating with fellow engineers and manufacturing personnel to perpetuate a cohesive mission-oriented culture
* Drive collaboration with manufacturing technology, product design, manufacturing engineering, operations, facilities and construction, environmental safety & health, and finance to deliver creative and effective production system designs, as well as external vendors supporting the design, construction, and commissioning of new facilities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience as a designer and developer of tooling, equipment and processes for manufacturing technology development, simulation modeling, digital thread development and/or production/process engineering
* Technology development and implementation experience in equipment and tooling for large scale manufacturing
* Ability to work hands-on in a manufacturing environment, next to operations and manufacturing engineering to understand and optimize the production system
* Ability to travel up to 50% of the time
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience designing, manufacturing, procuring, installing, and maintaining tooling, fixturing, and manufacturing equipment and tooling
* Process improvement, including justification of return on investment for process or operational changes
* Application of lean manufacturing and linear flow principles in a production environment
* Automation development for manufacturing processes in assembly, integration, test, and finishing operations
* Design and construction of facilities, tooling, fixturing and equipment for large scale production systems

US Salary Range

$117,000—$155,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
