---
title: Senior Aftermarket Parts Planner
status: active
id: '5070087007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5070087007?gh_jid=5070087007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T19:44:20-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T00:29:47-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Demand & Supply Planning : Demand & Supply Planning'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-13)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
Anduril’s Planning team is seeking a world-class Senior Aftermarket Parts Planner (internally known at Anduril as Senior Field Service Parts Planner) to join our team. The Senior Aftermarket Parts Planner has an integral role at Anduril, ensuring the availability of critical maintenance materials, spare parts, and consumables to support asset uptime and operational readiness across our deployed systems. This role encompasses material flow responsibility throughout the entire value chain for Field Service & MRO items, from strategic procurement to their timely deployment in maintenance activities.  
  
You will have full ownership of Field Service & MRO inventory planning and strategy for specific asset lines and deployments, and will be ultimately responsible for sending the correct signals to Purchasing and Maintenance teams on what and when to acquire, store, or deploy. This hire will be instrumental in accurately signaling and forecasting intermittent and critical Field Service & MRO demand, planning appropriate inventory levels, minimizing stockouts while optimizing costs, and ensuring that Anduril supports its hardware maintenance requirements via Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software and other associated tools.  
  
The right person for this role has demonstrated ownership and experience solving complex operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built, maintained, and deployed under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you!  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Plan, manage, and optimize Field Service & MRO inventory, including spare parts, consumables, and critical components, ensuring their availability when and where maintenance needs them.
* Collaborate closely with Field Service, Maintenance, Operations, and Reliability Engineering teams to understand and anticipate demand for both preventative/scheduled and corrective maintenance activities.
* Develop and maintain comprehensive critical spares lists, especially for hazard zone deployments, establishing appropriate stocking strategies for highly variable and mission-critical items.
* Design and implement effective inventory control strategies such as min/max levels, safety stock calculations, and reorder points, accounting for intermittent and event-driven demand patterns.
* Monitor Field Service & MRO part usage, analyze failure rates, and collaborate with Reliability Engineering to drive continuous improvement in material planning and asset reliability.
* Proactively identify and expedite at-risk materials or troubleshoot potential supply chain disruptions to prevent maintenance delays and protect asset uptime.
* Foster strong cross-functional coordination with Maintenance, Operations, Deployment, and Procurement teams to ensure seamless material flow, improve visibility into demand, and align on Field Service & MRO strategies.
* Ensure Field Service & MRO planning strategies and inventory management practices align with and fulfill O&S (Operations & Sustainment) contract requirements.
* Continuously seek opportunities to right-size inventory levels, reducing excess while mitigating stockout risks for critical components.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (i.e. manufacturing, engineering, analytics, computer science, etc.) or business field (i.e. finance, economics, supply chain management, business administration, marketing, etc.)
* 6+ years of experience in supply chain planning, inventory management, or MRO planning within a fast-paced manufacturing, aerospace & defense, or technical environment.
* Demonstrated ability to solve complex operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment, with a focus on speed and accuracy.
* Excellent communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Proven ability to be proactive, take substantial responsibility, and manage multiple priorities effectively.
* Experience with ERP systems such as Oracle, Netsuite, and CRM systems like Salesforce.
* Ability to travel up to 10% of the time.
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree or other higher education.
* 8+ years of experience in supply chain planning, inventory management, or MRO planning within a fast-paced manufacturing, aerospace & defense, or technical environment.
* Previous experience specifically in MRO planning for complex electro-mechanical systems or defense applications.
* Strong experience with SQL databases, including building custom queries for production and inventory metrics.
* Proficiency in data analysis and reporting tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or Qlikview.
* Knowledge of supply chain planning systems like Blue Yonder and best practices in demand planning, inventory management, and S&OP.
* Experience with lean manufacturing, continuous improvement, six sigma principles, and big data evaluation techniques.
* Proactive, able to take substantial responsibility across various functions, with a focus on speed and accuracy.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS (Top Secret) clearance.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
