---
title: Senior Guidance, Navigation & Control (GNC) Engineer,  Manuever Dominance -
  Rotorcraft
status: active
id: '5071897007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5071897007?gh_jid=5071897007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T09:16:38-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Vehicle Software : Guidance, Navigation
  & Control (GNC)'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on making large groups of autonomous systems work effectively together. We leverage existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius or other vehicles, in addition to bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril’s Lattice ecosystem.

We are currently looking for highly skilled GNC Engineers with expertise in autonomous safety-critical systems. The successful candidate will play a pivotal role in developing, testing, and implementing GNC systems and architectures for air vehicle platforms developed by Anduril or a 3rd party.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Develop, implement, and test algorithms for guidance, navigation, and control systems in line with project requirements.
* Design, implement, and assess the GNC architectures considering all elements, including vehicle, sensors, actuators, and algorithms.
* Participate in all phases of system development, from concept to design, prototyping, testing, and operation.
* Collaborate closely with a multidisciplinary team including systems engineers, flight software engineers, mission autonomy engineers, and test engineers to ensure system-wide integration and performance.
* Contribute to design reviews, safety assessments, and system documentation.
* Use simulation and analysis tools to verify GNC models and system performance under different operating conditions.
* Provide system engineering expertise in the development of GNC systems, ensuring a cohesive and efficient approach to the design and implementation process.
* Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to GNC systems during design, testing, and operational phases.
* Keep updated with the latest technologies and trends in GNC engineering and system architecture design.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* BS in Robotics, Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Mechatronics, Aerospace Engineering or related field with focus on dynamics and control
* 2 or more years of experience in Guidance, Navigation & Control engineering or related technical experience
* A strong theoretical knowledge of classical and modern control theory, estimation, and filtering techniques.
* Exceptional understanding of flight dynamics (Vertical Take-off and Landing - VTOL and Conventional Take-off and Landing - CTOL)
* Experience with developing GNC solutions for flight systems
* Experience with developing, integrating, and troubleshooting tools for linear analysis of dynamic systems
* Proficiency with GNC simulation tools like MATLAB, Simulink, and related toolboxes
* Familiarization with 6-DOF simulations
* Ability to travel up to 25%

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A Ph.D. in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field is a plus
* Practical experience developing GNC designs for flight systems.
* Extensive experience in GNC system and architecture development and testing, preferably in the aerospace industry.
* Experience generating in C or C++ code from Simulink models.
* Experience writing code in C/C++ or Rust
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
* Ability to work independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
* Familiarity with agile and Lean product development methodologies such as Scrum.
* Experience using Jira, Git, GitHub, or GitLab
* Understanding of and compliance with industry, safety, and quality standards appropriate for the application
* Passion for defending the United States and its allies
* Eligible to obtain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
