---
title: Flight Test Instrumentation Engineer
status: active
id: '5071316007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5071316007?gh_jid=5071316007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T10:58:23-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T18:33:40-05:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**SUMMARY**  
  
The Test and Evaluation Team at Anduril performs validation of Group 5 UAS. We work in close coordination with specialist teams like, Guidance, Navigation, and Control, Flight Sciences, Mission Systems, and Aircraft Maintenance to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for instrumentation engineers and Group 5 unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) developers excited about implementing a powerful instrumentation, telemetry, and data management system for flight test of Group 5 UAS.  
  
As a Flight Test Instrumentation (FTI) Engineer at Anduril, you will dive into unique, complex challenges that come with the territory of high-stakes, advanced technology in the defense sector. Your expertise will drive innovation in autonomous systems, shaping the future of defense and intelligence with solutions that are deployed at unparalleled speed. If you're eager to leverage your instrumentation and RF telemetry skills in an environment that encourages bold ideas and offers the resources to turn them into reality, Anduril provides the perfect platform to propel your career and make a tangible difference in a world entering a new era of strategic competition. Join us and be part of the transformation that's setting new standards for military capabilities and security.  
  
**RESPONSIBILITIES**

* Conduct requirements decomposition using a wide array of digital tools to select and install only the necessary flight test instrumentation, and effectively communicate analytical insights to stakeholders.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with discipline engineers, Customers, COMSEC, and program management to inform safety of test, safety of flight, strategic decisions, and positively impact 'speed-to-ramp'.
* Spearhead technical investigations to diagnose instrumentation and RF telemetry issues, providing leadership in the interpretation of data and formulation of solutions to improve system reliability and efficiency.
* Design and implement analytics-driven customer-facing products that showcase system performance metrics, provide trend analysis, and enhance user understanding and experience with our Group 5 UAS platforms.
* Design, fabricate and install flight test instrumentation sensors, data paths and equipment into one of a kind experimental aircraft, often utilizing novel approaches. This includes the fabrication of wire harnesses and routing through aircraft structure, often working directly with other integrated product teams to support program goals.
* Perform test instrument calibrations and pre-flight checks in conjunction with discipline and manufacturing engineers as an approving signatory for GO/NO-GO flight test decisions
* Operate and maintain a telemetry auto-tracking Ground System using COTS software and hardware
* Travel from Anduril HQ to establish FTI and RF telemetry solutions in the high desert of California, Nevada, Texas, and Oregon up to 50% of the time.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical, Mechanical, Mechatronics Engineering, or a related field. Alternatively, Radar Systems, Data Science experience, with a strong quantitative and mechanical measurements foundation.
* 5+ years notable experience with embedded data acquisition systems in manned or unmanned aircraft.
* Exceptional data visualization skills, with proficiency in using analytical tools (e.g., IADS, MATLAB, LabVIEW, Simulink) to advise the translation of complex data into accessible visual formats for diverse audiences.
* Demonstrated expertise in implementing high channel count (e.g. 100-400 measurands) mechanical measurement systems and architecting RF telemetry for near real-time display in a control room.
* A proven track record of implementing and troubleshooting grounding, bonding, and shielding solutions for analog-to-digital instrumentation signals in multi-band RF environments.
* Experience with composite and exotic material installations across varying flight test environments.
* A strong commitment to applying data science to solve real-world problems, with the ability to translate technical findings into actionable recommendations that have a tangible impact.
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to engage effectively with multidisciplinary teams, including engineers, program managers, and non-technical stakeholders.
* Able to work extended hours as required.
* Ability to travel as required for test planning and execution
* Ability to immediately obtain a U.S. Top Secret-Level security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master of Science or B.S. and 10+ years experience with flight test instrumentation on COTS Telemetry Solutions including ground and air equipment.
* 5+ years experience setting up and administering high channel-count, RF telemetry systems with the Interactive Analysis and Display System (IADS).
* Knowledge of best practices for implementing RF ground planes and architecting RF telemetry systems for maximum RF range on composite aircraft systems
* Leadership experience, with the ability to mentor less experienced discipline engineers and lead project teams in the execution of complex data acquisition initiatives.
* Experience working with 'Data-at-rest' multi-domain, encrypted storage devices on aircraft.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
