---
title: Supply Planner
status: active
id: '5071245007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5071245007?gh_jid=5071245007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T17:19:15-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### About the role:

Anduril is seeking a Supply Planner to join our team in Quonset, Rhode Island. The Supply Chain team is responsible for planning and sourcing of materials to support rapidly iterating and building of cutting-edge defense hardware for autonomous underwater vehicles (AUV). The Supply Planner will have material flow responsibility spanning the entire value chain from raw materials through finished goods and contributing to the strategic supply network development of Anduril’s product hardware, across their life cycles. They will have full ownership of certain assemblies and product lines, and will be ultimately responsible for sending the correct signals to Purchasing and Manufacturing on what and when to buy or build.  
  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate experience working in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment such as defence manufacturing, aircraft maintenance or advanced technology manufacturing environments. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built and shipped under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO:

* Own the accurate planning and on-time delivery of both raw material to internal assembly lines as well as finished goods to customers
* Support day-to-day demand signaling, ordering, and inventory management for product lines
* Identify supply issues, flag with the appropriate owners across Engineering, Purchasing, Manufacturing, and drive resolution
* Own the reporting and analysis of supply and material health and ensure that stakeholders have the inputs they need to make decisions across Engineering (cut-in dates for new designs), Purchasing (signals on what to buy), Manufacturing (signals on being clear-to-build and what to build), Business Development (supply overview to drive customer contracts)
* Work closely with the Sourcing Engineers and Manufacturing Engineering team to source components, maintain vendor relationships, and develop make vs. buy strategies
* Facilitate discussions with Business Development and Growth teams to review unconstrained forecasts and get to constrained demand plans that are achievable
* Develop and maintain processes for working within MRP and the associated master data
* Support all cost engineering activities to converge the bottoms-up cost curve to product cost, maximizing the total cost of ownership (TCO) across the product lifecycle

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* 3+ years past experience in a fast-paced manufacturing environment in either a supply chain or production-type role where complex mechanical and/or electrical assemblies were built
* Demonstrated ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, coordinating among multiple different internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
* Familiarity with developing high-tech products in a high-mix, low-volume environment
* Prior knowledge of Netsuite or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Bachelor’s degree in engineering (BSME, BSEE) or other related technical degree. Advanced technical degree or MBA strongly preferred
* Eligibility to obtain a US security clearance (status not required at time of hire)

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Experience interacting with SQL databases - storage of information and building custom queries for tracking production and inventory-related metrics
* Bachelor’s degree or higher in any technical field including mechanical/aerospace/manufacturing, electrical, or computer engineering, supply chain, or business with a technical minor or concentration.
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing and/or Continuous Improvement and Six Sigma principles in action

### One Last Point

Although we list out what we generally look for, we are very likely missing other attributes and skills that you have that could make you a great fit, but are not currently listed. As such, if you are motivated to join a fast moving and exciting business building cutting edge products but don't think you tick all the boxes, take a chance and apply!

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
