---
title: Senior Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '5071558007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5071558007?gh_jid=5071558007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-22T18:50:52-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Maritime Division has assembled a diverse team of experts in software, robotics, artificial intelligence, sensor fusion, and data analysis to create software and hardware solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of our customers. We are fielding the next generation of autonomous systems to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of maritime operations. Anduril has brought to market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth underwater vessel platform and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "small" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on billion-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

We are continuing to expand our product portfolio, now moving into the surface maritime domain. Products like Dive-XL, Dive-LD, Copperhead, Seabed Sentry, and surface products in the pipeline will create a system-of-systems that enable a multitude of autonomous missions across all maritime domains. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact and working on systems that directly contribute to achieving national strategic priorities, we want you to join Anduril’s Maritime Division and help us build the future of defense capability.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking for a Mechanical Engineer to aid the technical development of a holistic support system for service, maintenance, deployment, launch, and recovery of the Copperhead family of vehicles. This role involves close collaboration with electrical and systems teams as well as customer representatives to ensure effective support and execution of Copperhead missions in a variety of rugged environments.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Collaboratively work within our Maritime group to design, develop, and deliver robust, unified, and productized support systems for all the Copperhead family of UUVs, ensuring their effective deployment, recovery, operation, and maintenance in any operational environment.
* Develop mechanical solutions for support system components such as Launch and Recovery mechanisms, handling gear, transportation and storage solutions, and testing equipment
* Work to select, qualify, and manage vendors for commercial off-the-shelf components within support systems and for outsourced manufacturing/design of support systems.
* Own and drive mechanical systems and platform development, overseeing the process from initial concept to low rate production.
* Lead technical efforts to define requirements, propose possible solutions, and establish a methodology for evaluating and verifying support systems.
* Work in close partnership with other disciplines to ensure the electrical, software, and mechanical systems collectively form a reliable, flexible, cost-effective system.
* Spearhead design reviews, conduct analysis, visit vendors, prototype and implement hardware test plans.
* Actively contribute to the enhancement of team tools, templates, processes, and standards.
* Cultivate a vibrant, positive, dedicated, high-energy, educational, and enjoyable community environment.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent
* 7+ years of experience with mechanical design and testing in maritime, aerospace, or defense systems, with maritime being preferred
* Proven CAD skills (Siemens NX experience preferred) and the ability to produce high-quality engineering drawings that comply with common industry standards
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication skills
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with the design, implementation and support of robotic and/or autonomous systems
* Experience working within the defense, maritime and/or aerospace domains
* Experience with finite element analysis of complex structural assemblies, including metal and composite structures
* Experience within the product delivery lifecycle including manufacturing, system acceptance, deployment, and sustainment

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
