---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Electrical
status: active
id: '5072064007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5072064007?gh_jid=5072064007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-31T22:40:59-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
As our Maritime team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Senior Manufacturing Engineer with an electronic, mechatronic or process engineering background to join our rapidly growing team in Quonset Point, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for optimizing Anduril’s manufacturing operations for best-in-class quality, reliability, speed, and asset utilization, all while meeting critical customer and internal development timelines. The Process Engineer will be instrumental in taking a data-driven approach to designing production workstations and manufacturing processes to meet these objectives. Executing on this responsibility will entail active collaboration with Anduril teams across Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate past ownership on solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are built and shipped under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Design, document and implement efficient manufacturing processes to meet both new product development (NPI) and full-rate production goals through the development of process workflows and detailed work instructions.
* Proactively identify imbalances and bottlenecks caused by line layout, parts shortages, staffing shortages, and other production constraints by understanding cycle time and Quality metrics.
* Provide technical guidance to the production team as well as act as a liaison between engineering, supply chain and other departments to ensure project success.
* Collaborate with the Quality team to set quality standards, implement inspection processes and analyze product specifications to ensure manufacturing capabilities align with quality requirements.
* Organize and participate in workshops to generate new ideas that solve complex manufacturing issues.
* Foster a collaborative environment that encourages knowledge sharing and team engagement.
* Adhere to all health and safety regulations, promoting a culture of safety within the manufacturing environment.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years experience in a manufacturing environment where complexelectrical assemblies were built.
* Solid understanding of hardware manufacturing processes for electronics (PCBAs, sensor hardware, battery power systems, cable harnesses etc.) and electromechanical systems.
* Demonstrated ability to own a product in manufacturing from start to finish; coordinating among multiple internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
* Experience analysing material flow around a facility, including pull systems, Kanban, Min/ Max calculations, Part presentation to operator and line-side racking.
* Prior knowledge and interaction with a Manufacturing Execution System (MES) for production operations
* Prior knowledge of Oracle, NetSuite or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Strong technical ability to read technical documentation such as electrical schematic drawings, 3D CAD files,
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Production line design and set up - Value Stream mapping, material flow lines, one piece flow, workstation design
* Experience with CAD and production simulation software (Solidworks, Siemens/Teamcenter/PlantSim/ProcessSim)
* Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing principles / implementation

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
