---
title: Buyer/Planner
status: active
id: '5072024007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5072024007?gh_jid=5072024007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T22:23:38-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
As our Maritime team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Buyer to join our rapidly growing team inQuonset Point, Rhode Island. In this role, you will be responsible for managing the procurement process and contributing to the strategic sourcing initiatives of the organization. This is an exciting opportunity to be apart a growing and dynamic team working closely with engineering, finance and manufacturing teams to ensure that our accelerated challenges are executed efficiently and effectively. The right person for this role is someone who enjoys launching new products, has excellent procure to pay experience in a manufacturing environment and is someone who excels at communicating clearly, managing many tasks in a fast paced environment, and creating and maintaining standard operating procedures.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Purchase Order Management: Create, issue, and manage purchase orders to meet production and program needs.
* Maintain day to day relationships with suppliers, monitor performance, and resolve issues related to quality, delivery, and pricing.
* Quickly resolve supply chain disruptions, delivery delays, and quality issues to keep projects on track.
* Monitor and expedite orders to meet deadlines and production schedules.
* Cross-Functional Collaboration with stakeholders such as engineering, manufacturing, and program teams to align procurement with company goals.
* Maintain accurate records, track procurement KPIs, and identify opportunities to streamline processes.
* Support the development and implementation of sourcing strategy for direct commodities and/or categories.
* Documenting and reporting supplier performance and actively participate in monthly weekly and daily review processes as required.
* Support continuous improvement initiatives for cost savings, quality improvement, and on-time delivery.
* Support the supplier life cycle from supplier selection, adoption, induction, through to ongoing management and exit (where applicable).

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years technical procurement experience in a manufacturing environment
* Excellent documentation and communication skills and interpersonal relationship skills including negotiating and relationship management skills with ability to drive achievement of objectives
* Strong organizational and time-management skills
* Excellent communication and negotiation abilities
* Ability to work in cross functional teams and collaborate with across functions / borders
* Good understanding and interpretation of related design specification
* Excellent problem-solving, organizational, analytical and critical thinking skills including high discretion/judgment in decision making
* Ability to work and excel within a fast paced, dynamic, and constantly changing work environment
* Excellent attention to detail
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$85,000—$112,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
