---
title: Senior Systems Engineer, Advanced Effects, Active Clearance
status: active
id: '5075607007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5075607007?gh_jid=5075607007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-10T16:54:05-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Engineering : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are working on cutting-edge autonomous airpower systems that need to operate in the most demanding environments. To support our development and deployment tasks, we are building a Model-Based Systems Engineering team to guide Digital Engineering strategy and complement our Modeling and Simulation, Product Engineering, and Business Development teams. This team will provide Model Based Systems Engineering artifacts which will be used in support of product development, delivery, and sustainment of advanced kinetic and non-kinetic effects and related systems.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

+ You will be a systems engineer who interfaces with stakeholders including internal programs and external customers
+ You will develop artifacts based on stakeholder needs and work closely with functional areas to ensure artifacts are complete and accurate. Model Artifacts will often be contractual deliverables and require demonstration at stakeholder meetings and events
+ This role will be critical proving that Anduril offers real Systems Engineering and Mission Systems Integration capabilities
+ Participate in the development of our Digital and Systems Engineering Strategy and Implementation
+ Develop a deep understanding of transformational value of Anduril platforms, autonomy, simulation, and perception products through the creation and maintenance of systems engineering artifacts

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

+ B.S. in aerospace, mechanical, computer science or similar engineering or technical field
+ 8+ years Systems Engineering Experience across the life cycle. The more, the better
+ Understanding of aerodynamics and propulsion principles as applied to missile systems
+ Familiarity with guidance, navigation, and control systems for precision-guided munitions
+ Basic knowledge of reliability engineering concepts and practices
+ Experience with systems testing and evaluation methodologies
+ Understanding of threat analysis and its role in weapon system design
+ Exposure to weapon systems integration processes and challenges
+ Experience with Systems Engineering, Requirements Elicitation and Management, Integration, and Test Activities on complex systems - DoD Weapon Systems, Space Systems, etc...
+ Experience with SysML, DoDAF, UAFP, or similar
+ Experience developing various model based system engineering artifacts - Operational Viewpoints, System Viewpoints, activity diagrams, use case diagrams, BDDs, IBDs, parametric diagrams, etc...
+ Experience with Cameo MagicDraw or similar systems engineering software (Rhapsody, SparxEA, etc...)
+ Experience with Digital Engineering workflows and Integrated Modeling Environments (i.e. Teamwork Cloud)
+ Outstanding communication skills to include presentation of developed artifacts
+ Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
+ Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

+ Experience with computational fluid dynamics (CFD) or propulsion system modeling
+ Familiarity with control system design and implementation for guided weapons
+ Knowledge of reliability prediction techniques and failure mode analysis
+ Experience with test planning, execution, and data analysis for complex systems
+ Mission Modeling experience. For example, working knowledge of OCA/DCA, ISR, SEAD/DEAD, Electronic Attack, or Integrated Fire Control missions
+ Experience Cameo Simulation Toolkit plugin for Cameo MagicDraw
+ Proficiency with Mathworks products (MATLAB, SIMULINK etc.)
+ INCOSE Systems Engineering Professional (SEP) Certification

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
