---
title: Senior Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '5075811007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5075811007?gh_jid=5075811007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-12T18:39:24-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

At Anduril Australia we are developing unmanned systems for subsurface and other domains that will leverage unsupervised autonomy for the delivery of long endurance, multi-mission capability to our customers. These projects, including but not limited to the Extra Large Autonomous Undersea Vehicle (XL-AUV) Program, require Senior Systems Engineers with broad experience to drive the delivery a variety of software enabled hardware capabilities to our customers. Anduril Senior Systems Engineers rapidly develop expertise in new domains in order to architect, design, deliver, support, and evolve next generation capabilities through the entire product life-cycle.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own technology solutions that are deployed to customers, focussed on the delivery of value to the end-user
* Act as a subject matter expert for your areas of expertise as they relate to the delivery of Anduril’s technology capabilities, including areas such as hardware selection and integration, testing and evaluation, robotic perception, engineering process or cybersecurity
* Empathize with end-users and drive solutions that balance their needs with external constraints, restrictions and requirements in a multi-stakeholder environment
* Design, architect, and implement integrated systems, including advanced and sensitive platforms and payloads, that rapidly delivers capability beyond the scope of current systems, with a clear path for both architecture and capability evolution over time
* Contribute to the design and development of technology components across Anduril, with the aim of developing components that are re-usable across multiple Anduril product lines
* Contribute to the design, implementation and execution of development processes for the initial delivery and subsequent iteration of complex robotic systems, including full lifecycle testing, monitoring and operation.
* Support vehicle and payload manufacturing, testing and deployment
* Travel to co-locate with end-users up to 20% of the time
* Work as a member of a multi-disciplinary engineering team, including as a mentor for Engineers from differing backgrounds

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Mechatronics, Computer Science, Engineering, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* Extensive professional experience working as an Engineer with one or more domains and/or technologies of expertise
* Ability to exercise extremely high ownership over a complex system, including design, integration, test, and delivery of new capabilities
* Capacity to work holistically on complex robotic systems across design, implementation, operation and sustainment
* Capacity to act as the technical owner for a complex subsystem, including stakeholder engagement, requirements definition, roadmap management, team co-ordination, design, implementation, sustainment and evolution
* Capacity learn and grow individually, while mentoring junior team members effectively, building team cohesion and capacity
* Ability to obtain and maintain an Australian Government Security Clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with the design, implementation and support of robotic and/or autonomous systems
* Experience working within the defence, maritime and/or aerospace domains
* Experience within the product delivery lifecycle including manufacturing, system acceptance, deployment, and sustainment
* Desire to learn and grow in to other roles that require experience as a Senior Systems Engineer, such as Principal Systems Engineer and/or Engineering Manager
* Desire to grow in to a Tech-Lead-Manager role, with responsibility for line management of engineers, in addition to delivery

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
