---
title: Senior Propulsion Engineer, Space
status: active
id: '5075884007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5075884007?gh_jid=5075884007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T17:05:45-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T12:26:49-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested war-fighting domain.  
  
**WHY WE’RE HERE**  
  
As a Propulsion Engineer for our Space team, you will contribute to the understanding and design of all satellite propulsion subsystems to include but not limited to chemical propulsion, electric propulsion, and hybrid systems. You will be responsible for possessing deep knowledge on state-of-the-art propulsion systems and their applicability towards different mission threads. You will assist with the successful implementation of the propulsion systems into the spacecraft system and become familiar with Anduril’s ground software enterprise and orbital flight software systems for operations. The propulsion team will work closely with related teams, such as the spacecraft design, GNC, ground, and flight software to help improve both the ground and satellite-based capabilities conducting highly complex missions with maneuvering capabilities but above all else will be responsible for the successful design, test and operations of the propulsion subsystem onboard Anduril’s fleet of spacecraft.  
  
This role is directly tied to ongoing, funded programs within Anduril’s Space Business Line. The programs require building and fielding a resilient, software-defined spacecraft systems across numerous mission threads. We work with mission partners and customers to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC*.*  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Support the spacecraft propulsion subsystems for various spacecraft programs in all orbital regimes and work closely with bus providers for successful implementation
* Develop modern, software-defined approaches to autonomous spacecraft operations with maneuvering capabilities to successfully accomplish mission objectives
* Own the delta-V budgets and propulsion subsystem sizing to satisfy mission requirements
* Develop appropriate test plans and procedures to validate the propulsion system during ground checkout, on-orbit calibration and commissioning and on-orbit operations
* Develop the necessary fueling plans and procedures for the implemented propulsion system
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality.
* Coordinate with end-users, other operators and customers to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints.
* Support challenging schedules during ground testing, launch windows and on-orbit operations of the spacecraft systems.
* Work with other teams and government agencies to achieve the required licenses (DOT, etc) for transporting fully fueled or pressurized containers within the spacecraft to the appropriate test and launch facilities

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Aerospace Engineering, Orbital Mechanics or other engineering degree.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements.
* Experience with chemical, electrical and hybrid propulsion sub-subsystem design for spacecraft
* Experience with managing propulsion vendors for successful delivery against mission and sub-system requirements
* Experience conducting spacecraft operations and satellite command and control with an emphasis on system reliability and uptime.
* Experience with orbital mechanics and resident space object tracking capabilities
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight
* Clear communication and organizational skills including documentation and training material
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with Python, Go, C++ and/or Linux systems
* A desire to work on critical software and hardware designs in the space domain.
* Experience testing propulsion subsystems in laboratory environments that mimic the space environmental constraints
* Experience with testing/validation leveraging FlatSats, Hardware-in-the-Loop testbeds and digital spacecraft simulators through nominal and fault scenarios
* Exposure to US satellite operations policy and constraints for relevant mission threads in all orbits

US Salary Range

$166,000—$250,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
