---
title: Senior Product Operations Engineer, Space, Classified IT Systems
status: active
id: '5075877007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5075877007?gh_jid=5075877007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-11T18:37:32-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Senior Product Operations Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. The Senior Product Operations Engineer will help operate, maintain, and update a classified networking capability that provides operational Space Domain Awareness data for the United States Space Force. Anduril employs networking infrastructure to support global operations of customer sites. You'll be collaborating with other Product Operations team members, Mission Operations Engineer, Software Engineer, and TPMs to directly support end-users of an operational system.   
  
The Product Operations Team will be the first point of contact with end-users at various locations worldwide. You'll also be responsible for providing clear and concise documentation to assist with training remote non-network technical staff for routine tasks such as device configuration, basic troubleshooting, and workflow optimization. This role will work hand in hand with our Mission Software Engineering team to deploy new capabilities to an operational system during future integrations.   
  
*This role is directly tied to an ongoing, funded program within Anduril’s Space Business Line. The program requires building and fielding a resilient, software-defined, distributed mesh networking layer for critical Space Domain Awareness data. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC.*   
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Become a part of a growing team of Product Engineers supporting a new operational system provided to a DoD customer, helping collaboratively shape the future!
* Develop, design, and establish processes, workflow automations, and tooling capabilities to support end-users of a globally distributed system from a secure Anduril-owned facility
* Serve as a systems administration SME, especially with Linux systems and configurations
* Work with cross-functional teams to ensure operational readiness of newly deployed locations or features and provide persistent monitoring of the existing capability baseline
* Provide real time response, rapid resolution, and root causing complex issues across code and backing infrastructure within an air-gapped network
* Maximize operational capability efficiency through ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting with little supervision and the ability to escalate when appropriate
* Provide 24x7 on-call support as a part of a larger team supporting the Space Domain Awareness effort on behalf of the United States Space Force
* Build and maintain infrastructure as code (Terraform, Ansible) and implement comprehensive observability solutions (monitoring, logging, alerting, tracing) for Linux-based distributed systems
* Maximize operational capability efficiency through proactive automation, system optimization, ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting with little supervision and the ability to escalate when appropriate

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Experience with device configuration, basic troubleshooting, and incident triage
* Strong communication and documentation skills
* Strong initiative in managing your own work in isolated secure environments.
* Experience with Bash, Python, Ansible, Terraform, etc
* Comfort with communicating complex thoughts simply across various methods of communication and tools
* Enthusiasm towards transforming US and allied military capabilities with advanced technology in space environments
* Little to no travel required, but opportunities to travel to end-user locations will be provided
* Hands-on experience with observability tools and practices: implementing monitoring, logging, alerting, and tracing solutions (e.g., Prometheus, Grafana, ELK stack)
* Experience with Linux system administration, containerization (Docker/Kubernetes), and managing distributed systems
* Understanding of software development practices including version control (Git), code review, testing, and agile methodologies

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance
* Experience with software-defined networking and distributed mesh networking. Extensive technical knowledge of current network hardware, protocols, and Internet standards, including routers, switches (layer 2/3), firewalls, remote access, DNS, BGP, OSPF, VLAN, VRF, QoS, and VPN
* Experience with COMSEC and HAIPE Complaint In-line type-1 network encryptors
* Networking certifications like CCNA
* Familiarity with Space Domain Awareness data and systems
* Knowledge of Anduril’s Lattice OS and its capabilities
* Experience with agile development methodologies and DevOps practices
* Experience with database administration, performance tuning, and data pipeline optimization
* Experience with cloud-native technologies and distributed systems architecture patterns
* Experience building and maintaining containerized applications using Kubernetes and Docker in production environments
* Proficiency in additional programming languages (Go, Rust, Java) and experience contributing to open-source projects

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
