---
title: Drone Mission Support Specialist
status: active
id: '5075216007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5075216007?gh_jid=5075216007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T10:00:59-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T15:20:01-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Tactical Recon & Strike Engineering : Software '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.   
  
**About the Team:**  
The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.  
  
**About the Job:**

* Accountable for the success and execution of critical early-stage software and hardware efforts, inclusive of new drone products and expanding feature sets across a fielded fleet. Focus on rapid development, integration, and operations of drones. Drive & de-risk strategic solutions to ambiguous problems in partnership with operations members and internal functional teams.
* You will be responsible for expediting engineering solutions to the warfighter’s hardest problems via rapid development iteration, testing, and critical feedback. You will be a pilot, engineer, innovator, and operations specialist for Anduril’s autonomous systems. This is a tactical role - requiring persistent and regimented testing that meets the need of fast-paced development efforts while maintaining safety.

**Rapid Prototyping & Validation**

* Unblock enginering progress. This spans from RCA efforts on critical engineering issues to finding mechanisms to unblock the functional teams where stuck.
* Embody an experimental approach to rapid validation of new algorithms and subsystems.
* Provide creative solutions to test and iterate our solutions in representative conditions that mirror our customers and the evolving battlefield.

**Operational Testing & Mission Validation**

* Maintain an organized approach to regular testing and feedback
* Create, validate and deliver test points for a variety of stakeholders across the TRS organization

**What You’ll Do**

* Lead technical execution from vision & initial design, through prototyping and first successful testing
* Develop & own surrogate aircraft with the goal of accelerating our ability to test algorithms in live flight
* Develop systems that support expeditionary operation, intuitive setup and use by warfighters, and modular expansion of sensors
* Setup trades to enable exploration of early designs while working closely with technical SMEs and Business Development teams to find the right solution for current and future gaps in capability
* Operate at the intersection of software, hardware, and testing helping to craft a system level architecture that supports a robust and cost effective design
* Execute and support prototype and low-rate production articles and subsystem/system level test efforts
* Support remote troubleshooting and operation of deployed systems
* Prepare mission cards and assist in planning the flight missions to meet Engineering and Program requirements.

**Required Qualifications**

* Experience with Ardupilot / PX4
* Experience with RC systems
* Part 107 operator
* Willingness to travel (<30%)
* Basic understanding of Aerodynamics, Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs), Control Actuation Servos, and how those disciplines relate to overall system performance.
* Experience with data analysis, rapid prototyping, and early-stage customer deployment
* Hands-on build and prototyping of complex robotic systems
* 3D printing, soldering, component assembly
* Ability to engage technically with mechanical, electrical, firmware, sensors, and robotics software leads
* Travel on short notice to fulfill operational needs if and when those needs arise.
* High ownership, mission-oriented mentality. Desire to see the product meet the end need of the customer.
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Desire to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret security clearance
* Ability to travel as required for test planning and execution
* Real-world operational experience with small UAS systems in a military context desired

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
