---
title: Senior Industrial Designer
status: active
id: '5075492007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5075492007?gh_jid=5075492007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T14:43:58-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Design : Design'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Design Team leads Anduril’s brand identity, visual communication, concept art, and industrial design. Our team’s purpose is to connect the mission, people, and products to elevate the Anduril brand.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Design Team is seeking a Senior Industrial Designer to join our core team. You will be designing and executing hardware solutions for Anduril products by partnering with engineering and fabrication teams. The ideal candidate is not only an impeccable artist, but also has deep experience in fit and finish, and production processes. If you are passionate about developing products from sketch to production, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Conceptualize, visualize, and develop products and prototypes for real-world requirements around manufacturability and operator use
* Rapidly execute end-to-end industrial design cycles and own simultaneous design efforts
* Partner with designers, product architects, and mechanical engineers to shape a holistic form language across hardware
* Communicate design intent through sketching, 3D CAD modeling with details inclusive of features and functionality
* Support form language development and participate in design reviews and critiques
* Product renderings with photorealistic textures and lighting
* Define color, material, and finish, and create applied graphics
* Validate designs using mockups and physical prototyping
* Communicate with external suppliers, vendors, and teams

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum 7 years professional experience Product, Industrial Design, or equivalent
* A portfolio demonstrating exceptional craft and proficiency in ideation, 2D/3D visualization, and prototyping or production experience
* Excellent application of material surfacing, dimensionality, composition, scale, and form
* A deep understanding of materials, manufacturing processes and DFM
* Knowledge of general military application and mechanical authenticity is a plus
* Expert knowledge in industry-standard 3D modeling and rendering software such as SolidWorks, Rhino, NX, Keyshot, C4D or equivalent
* Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, marketing, and business development
* A team player who brings a unique sense of aesthetics and passion for bringing concepts to life
* Must work on-site at HQ
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
