---
title: Associate Director, Business Development, Warfighter Systems Sim & Training
status: active
id: '5076520007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5076520007?gh_jid=5076520007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-11T18:36:13-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Connected Warfare Capture'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years  
  
The Warfighter Systems team at Anduril is revolutionizing battlefield technology by developing and deploying products for advantaging the warfighter ability to gain decisive advantage leveraging advanced technologies in Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, and Extended Reality body-worn mission command and human-centric solutions for the U.S. military and allied forces. Our mission is to enhance warfighter effectiveness, situational awareness, and decision-making capabilities through cutting-edge commercial hardware solutions adapted for military use.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an **Associate Director, Business Development, Warfighter Systems Sim & Training Leader**to join our rapidly growing team based in **Washington, DC or Costa Mesa, CA** and drive the go-to-market of Warfighter Systems Mission Simulation and Training business. Warfighter System’s Mission Simulation & Training product portfolio sets the stage for the frontline forces by enabling mission command with a high-resolution collaborative 3D sand table that can host remote mission planning sessions and simulate mission rehearsals. Our product offers an end-to-end Mission Simulation & Training capability that spans mission planning, rehearsal, execution, and AAR/debrief. We are focused on closing the real world mission experience capability gap in the force by delivering best-in-class realistic training solutions.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop and execute Mission Simulation & Training capture strategies to drive the go-to-market and grow the Warfighter Systems Mission Simulation & Training business
* Identify new business opportunities within the Department of War and other government agencies, both domestically and internationally.
* Own and manage Mission Simulation & Training deals from identification to qualification, to close
* Conduct robust Sim & Training market research, identify potential partnership opportunities and refine go-to-market accordingly
* Develop and maintain close working relationships with key Anduril internal teams and stakeholders to identify and shape new business opportunities, proactively communicate and resolve program issues, and provide strategic direction to program teams across mission operations, product engineering, and manufacturing

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5–8 years of experience in Mission Simulation & Training business development, capability development, or acquisition
* Proven track record of identifying, qualifying, and capturing Mission Simulation & Training deals
* Strong understanding Mission Simulation & Training markets and funding sources. Ability to develop and coordinate programmatic funding and growth with our Government Relations, Strategy team and adjacent business lines.
* Exceptional communication, negotiation, and cross-cultural engagement skills. Ability to work across internal teams and external stakeholders to drive capability adoption.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret clearance
* Ability and willingness to travel up to 25%.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated knowledge in defense acquisitions either from Government or industry experience
* Intimate understanding of requirements generation, acquisition strategy development, programming, planning, and budgeting cycles
* A technically minded leader who can build, adapt, and implement new and innovative approaches to market
* Must be able to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Ability to identify, establish and use important customer relationships with senior level officials and program stakeholders within defense and intelligence community to drive capability adoption
* Demonstrated high-energy leader who will drive performance and exhibit strong management skills with a high level of emotional intelligence
* Excellent writing, communication skills with experience briefing senior executives and customers
* Active U.S. Secret clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
