---
title: Product Support Engineer - Edge Compute & Comms
status: active
id: '5076369007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5076369007?gh_jid=5076369007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T11:34:02-04:00'
date: '2026-03-11T12:44:36-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Sustainment Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### 

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Deployment Engineering team at Anduril is dedicated to the operational success of our cutting-edge products in the defense technology sector. They manage the support and sustainment of Anduril systems, ensuring optimal performance and longevity throughout their lifecycle. By partnering closely with engineering, manufacturing, reliability, and operations teams, they deliver exceptional support to both deployment and product teams. The team develops comprehensive product support and sustainment strategies, implementing robust systems that maintain high standards for our advanced technologies in the field. Through their efforts in sustainable product management, the Advanced Effects team plays a crucial role in Anduril's continued innovation and success.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Product Support Engineer at Anduril, you will be a critical individual contributor within our rapidly growing Deployment Engineering team. You will drive the development and implementation of comprehensive sustainment strategies for cutting-edge defense products, directly contributing to their operational readiness and longevity. This is an impactful role where you will take ownership of defining critical maintenance plans, shaping technical data packages, optimizing sparing, and ensuring seamless lifecycle management. Your expertise will be vital in translating engineering innovation into reliable, supportable systems for our warfighters, directly enabling Anduril’s mission to transform defense technology.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Develop and maintain comprehensive, ground-up sustainment plans for the specific product(s) you support
* Partner with customers, operations teams, and cross-functional engineering teams to define, implement, and continuously improve effective maintenance and repair strategies
* Ensure the availability of up-to-date maintenance procedures, specialized tools, and accurate technical manuals to support field sustainment operations
* Serve as the primary point of contact for all sustainment-related matters within your assigned product team, proactively identifying and resolving issues
* Collaborate with design and manufacturing engineering teams during new product development phases to integrate best sustainment practices and design-for-supportability concepts early in the process
* Create and maintain a Service Bill of Materials (SBOM) and other critical sustainment artifacts (e.g., provisioning lists, support equipment lists), ensuring they establish a central, up-to-date repository for all sustainment data

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience in product support, sustainment engineering, or systems engineering roles within a high-rigor environment (e.g., defense, aerospace, advanced robotics, complex industrial systems)Demonstrated detailed and extensive technical expertise in applying mechanical or systems engineering principles to complex hardware systems
* Hands-on proficiency with professional CAD software and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) tools for managing engineering data, changes, and configurations
* Foundational understanding and practical application of Integrated Product Support (IPS) elements, principles, and concepts (e.g., maintenance planning, supply support, technical data management, support equipment, training, facilities)
* Familiarity with military standards, specifications, and regulatory compliance relevant to product support and sustainment activities
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Ability to travel for on-site support, field deployments, and direct customer engagements, as required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering ( Mechanical, Manufacturing, Aerospace, or related field)
* Direct experience with sustainment methodologies such as Maintenance Task Analysis (MTA), Level of Repair Analysis (LORA), Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM), or developing Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) plans.
* Proven track record of developing and delivering key customer-facing sustainment artifacts and contractual deliverables
* Prior hands-on experience with specific enterprise tools such as Siemens NX, Teamcenter (PLM), JIRA, or Oracle (ERP) or equivalent systems
* Direct experience with complex military systems, robotics, unmanned systems, or advanced defense technology products
* Understanding of the use of the Technical Data Package (drawings, parts lists, interface control documents, and electrical schematics)
* Proven ability to work effectively in dynamic, unstructured environments, adapt to rapidly changing priorities, and quickly learn and master new technologies and complex systems
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to synthesize complex technical and quantitative data into clear, concise decision statements and actionable recommendations for diverse audiences (engineers, operators, customers)

### 

US Salary Range

$129,000—$193,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
