---
title: New Product Introduction Engineer
status: active
id: '5078738007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5078738007?gh_jid=5078738007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T16:31:48-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T16:31:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking a New Product Introduction Engineer to join the team at our Headquarters in Costa Mesa, CA. You will be responsible for standing up and being the primary contributor to the first vehicle builds for a new product. The role will involve ownership from initial part deliveries through a successful qualification campaign, field-testing, and building a scalable production process that helps inform long term decisions up front. Through collaboration with the design team and full-rate production team, you will serve to smoothly transition a vehicle from an idea to a product.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Ownership over initial vehicle builds (and oversight of technicians if applicable), including development test hardware, and flight test hardware
* Responsible for early inventory stocking and low-rate supply chain oversight
* Responsible for ensuring development testing failures are resolved and incorporated into the product design before transitioning to production
* Low-rate production space planning
* Work with design engineers to address build and test issues to refine the product in advance of production handoff
* Provide extensive DFX feedback to reduce build time and quality issues
* Work with production organization to hand-off a mature product for high-rate scaling

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years of mechanical/design experience in a professional setting
* Experience in an immersive technical project (collegiate project teams or professional settings)
* Demonstrated project/technical leadership skills (collegiate project teams or professional settings)
* CAD skills (any platform) and ability to make high quality engineering drawings that meet industry standards
* Ability to summarize technical content in a cohesive way to help inform and shape future requirements
* Familiarity of manufacturing and assembly methods, including: machining, sheet metal, composites, 3D printing, injection molding, die-casting, printed circuit board assemblies, and wiring assemblies
* Proficient in hands-on prototyping (machining, shop tools, welding, soldering)
* BS or MS in mechanical engineering, or equivalent work experience

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in Solidworks or NX, and PLM systems
* Solid understanding and application of GD&T
* Advanced designing skills for CNC machining, composites, sheet metal, injection molding, PCBA integration
* Outstanding leadership and interpersonal skills
* Familiarity with qualification campaigns for flight hardware
* Familiarity with designing for rugged environments
* Familiarity with DFMA
* Experience with electro-mechanical components and electrical design concepts
* Experience with Formula SAE, Baja SAE, Design Build Fly, etc.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
