---
title: 'Test Technician '
status: active
id: '5078972007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5078972007?gh_jid=5078972007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T17:40:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Dev Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The **Development team** is responsible for executing static, dynamic, fatigue, thermal, and vibration testing across all of Anduril's platforms!

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Dev Test Technician to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible performing hardware testing on a variety of systems and structures! This will require the ability to setup and run various testing equipment.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Member of an interdisciplinary team capable of executing static, dynamic, fatigue, thermal and vibration testing
* Test items ranging from small integrated electronics systems to whole aircraft fuselages and large structures
* Operate and maintain thermal chambers, vibration tables, data acquisition systems and structural testing equipment as needed to execute test objectives
* Build test equipment and execute test procedures to inform and validate design decisions
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed
* Travel to test sites as needed

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of professional experience in a engineering technician capacity or similar
* Experience with environmental chamber equipment, vibration qualification testing, and/or battery discharge testing
* Experience with wire harnessing, electrical layout, and enclosure build out
* Familiarity with basic AC/DC power (single-phase, three-phase)
* Experience in preparing and executing test procedures with high levels of attention to detail
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication and assembly skills
* Instrumentation installation and checkout experience (strain gauge application, sensor calibration, thermocouple install, cable harness assembly, etc.)
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, demanding, flexible team environment
* Ability to work 2nd shift hours
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of professional experience in a engineering technician capacity or similar
* Familiarity with DAQ system setup and collection
* Familiarity with electro-mechanical systems such as motors, computers, and power systems
* Familiarity with hydraulics and hydraulic actuators
* Experience with machining, sheet metal fabrication, welding, and 3D printing
* Demonstrated sense of drive and ability to work in cross-functional teams effectively
* Eligible for a US security clearance

US Hourly Range

$37—$49 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
