---
title: 'Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Production, Sentry '
status: active
id: '5079319007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5079319007?gh_jid=5079319007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-20T13:15:58-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (22M)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Sentry Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer to join our team. The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment and moving ground equipment, to provide force protection and counter-UAS support. This responsibility includes everything in the manufacturing value-chain, including, but not limited to, Design for Manufacturability work, tool design & selection, process creation & optimization, vendor sourcing & interaction, quality planning, and work documentation associated with the hardware that the Senior Manufacturing Engineer owns.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate past holistic ownership on solving a technical challenge with a creative, physical, solution that they either personally manufacturing or oversaw manufacturing on, in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Lead the transition of new electromechanical products from NPI to high-volume, sustained production**, ensuring optimal design for manufacturability (DFM) and assembly (DFA), and establishing robust, scalable supply chain processes to meet production demands.
* **Drive continuous improvement initiatives for existing production lines and manufacturing processes**, actively providing engineering support to resolve issues, enhance efficiency, reduce costs, and elevate product quality.
* **Design, implement, and continuously optimize efficient manufacturing processes**, taking ownership of significant portions of the manufacturing value chain to maximize throughput, reduce costs, and ensure consistent high-quality output for complex products.
* **Lead and manage projects for the successful installation, commissioning, and validation of new manufacturing systems and equipment**, clearly communicating their impact on production capabilities, efficiency, and capacity to stakeholders.
* **Proactively identify and implement automation solutions and integrated workflows** to significantly streamline manufacturing processes, enhancing efficiency, repeatability, and overall production capacity.
* **Develop and refine detailed manufacturing process flows**, breaking down complex assemblies into logical subassemblies and sub-processes to optimize production flow, minimize bottlenecks, and ensure consistent product quality on the line.
* **Create and maintain comprehensive manufacturing documentation**, including detailed work instructions, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), quality control plans, and inspection requirements, to ensure standardized, repeatable, and high-quality production at scale.
* **Partner with and manage contract manufacturers across diverse disciplines** (e.g., PCBA fabrication, metallic manufacturing, final assembly) to establish and sustain repeatable, high-yield production processes and ensure on-time delivery for high-volume requirements.
* **Travel to key suppliers and contract manufacturers to resolve critical production issues**, audit processes, implement robust quality control procedures, and drive continuous improvement initiatives to maintain production continuity and quality.
* **Provide expert Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and Design for Assembly (DFA) feedback to engineering teams**, influencing product design to optimize for mass production efficiency, cost, quality, and reliability on the production line.
* **Serve as the primary technical owner for assigned product lines**, acting as the critical communication bridge between Design Engineering, Quality Assurance, Production Operations, Software, and Program Management to ensure seamless product realization and issue resolution.
* **Manage and maintain Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) data**, with a strong emphasis on Bill of Material (BOM) ownership, configuration management, and change control within systems like Teamcenter, ensuring accuracy and alignment with production requirements.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 8+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing or design of electromechanical hardware
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment
* Demonstrated experience integrating large or high complexity assemblies/subassemblies
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Experience in configuration management and change control process (CCB, E&O, Effectivity dates)
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated success in scaling product testing and production from tens/hundreds to hundreds/thousands.
* Hands-on experience with software & firmware flashing or end-of-line testing & troubleshooting
* Demonstrated ability to develop, execute, and manage high-fidelity, automated test procedures on both component and system levels.
* Experience with large scale high mix manufacturing at different stages of product maturity
* Prior experience working with JIRA, Siemens NX, Teamcenter (PLM), or Oracle (ERP) or equivalents
* Familiarity with establishing test ecosystems that de-risk hardware and meet target reliability levels.
* Experience with large Bill of Materials, ownership of multiple products/configurations

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
