---
title: 'Manufacturing Engineer, Connected Warfare '
status: active
id: '5079278007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5079278007?gh_jid=5079278007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T19:11:11-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Connected Warfare is the team at Anduril dedicated to the modernization of the command and control systems of U.S. and Allied forces. New technologies and new adversaries demand a new approach to battlefield intelligence, and our products are rapidly scaling in production to deliver the volumes that our customers need. You will have opportunities to work on products like Menace-I, Menace-X, Menace-T, and TITAN as well as a wide array of future upcoming products. You will be the owner of one of these products in production and you will have the opportunity to drive their production ramps. Your work will help to change the balance of defense capabilities on a global scale. Apply now and become part of our mission to secure a safer tomorrow.  
  
As a Manufacturing Engineer in Connected Warfare, you will be able to be a part of the entire design and manufacturing process for brand new and state of the art command and controls systems. You will have chances to take on large projects and own them from cradle to grave. The right person for this role has a high level of ownership and drive to improve their skills as a Manufacturing Engineer. If you are someone who isn’t afraid of taking on large scale and complex projects or getting outside of your comfort zone and learning about new and challenging concepts, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Execute the manufacturing of a certain product or set of products, from initial prototyping through large full-scale production.
* Work with design engineers during the development process to drive design for manufacturing best practices into the design effort, and help facilitate the transition from design to prototype to rate production.
* Act as a subject matter expert to technicians on the floor helping to solve complex build problems that arise such as, mechanical fitment issues, electrical and harnessing issues, as well as software and firmware issues.
* Own documentation required for successfully manufacturing products at scale such as MBOM’s, work instructions, process flows, floor plans, time studies, capacity analysis, etc.
* Collaborate with internal customers and manufacturing planning teams to define capacity planning actions to meet customer needs and expectations.
* Work hand in hand with the broader production team to solve complex issues to ensure customer demand is met.
* Analyze metrics for continuous improvement initiatives (cost reduction, QI reduction & capacity increase).
* Instill a culture of innovation, teamwork, and accountability within the manufacturing engineering product team.
* Travel to suppliers and partner sites to do initial sourcing work, solve ongoing production issues, and implement process procedures as required.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 5+ years in manufacturing or similar position
* An attitude of world-class mission assurance, quality, attention to detail, and dedication
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and thirst for learning
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver hardware in a resource-constrained environment
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.). Work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience building successful production operations from scratch, often working with very little definition
* Harness & PCBA fabrication experience or proven competency in mechanical system design and analysis
* Ownership of a complex bill of materials for an electromechanical product
* Knowledge of manufacturing processes including sheet metal, machining, and 3D printing
* Experience in NX/Teamcenter

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
