---
title: Technical Operations Engineer, Launched Effects
status: active
id: '5079887007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5079887007?gh_jid=5079887007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T02:47:59-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Technical Operations'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### About the Team

The Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) team at Anduril develops small aerial drones (Group 1-3) along with all the necessary equipment for testing, deployment, and operation. The team transforms products like Ghost, Anvil, Altius, and Bolt from initial concepts into operational systems. We work closely with specialized teams to tackle some of our customers' most complex challenges. Currently, we are seeking a technical operations engineer for the Altius program, where you will leverage your operational and technical expertise to shape and deploy a solution of maximum effectiveness and reliability. Your scope will include standing up forward-deployed operations in austere environments, ensuring the successful combat employment of Anduril products, and shaping the long-term sustainment of these products. In addition, you will be a core participant in customer demonstrations and customer trainings, and test events closer to home.

### About the Job

As a member of the Technical Operations team for TRS, you will play a critical role in bridging product engineering and deployed operations. You will be involved in unmanned air vehicle development programs, using your technical and operational expertise to deliver reliable solutions in challenging, remote environments. The Technical Operations team also plays an essential role in shaping the field sustainment of these products through various test and evaluation events, customer demonstrations, and deployments.

### What you’ll do

* Support military operations by executing flight operations, conducting field maintenance, providing customer field support and training.
* Deploy our products to austere locations and work alongside our customers for extended periods of time.
* Tackle complex issues related to hardware, software, and networking in unstructured situations, driving them to resolution.
* Communicate field issue status to internal and customer teams, keeping them informed.
* Support the development and implementation of comprehensive operational and logistical plans for various events.
* Ensure high availability and performance of aerial systems.
* Maintain support plans for hardware and software.
* Assist in event planning and resource allocation, keeping key stakeholders informed about Technical Operations requirements.
* Incident response root-cause analyses (RCAs) for air systems in the field.
* Conduct post-incident reviews and implement preventive measures.
* Maintain up-to-date documentation.

### What you’ll need

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in technical field operations, deployment execution, or similar hands-on operational roles.
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in austere environments; Demonstrate deep subject matter expertise and trusted track record of impact.
* Advanced troubleshooting skills; able to resolve complex, non-routine issues at the interface of hardware, software, and networking.
* Excellent communication skills; comfortable leading technical discussions and explaining complex concepts to diverse audiences. Demonstrated ability to train peers or customers on the operation of a product
* Proven capability to mentor and develop team members.
* Experience performing data-driven root cause analysis and troubleshooting on complex system
* Willingness to travel up to 80% domestically and internationally, including to austere field environments
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret or Top Secret security clearance and support operations involving sensitive materials
* Willingness to work with energetics material (warheads).
* Must be able to obtain and maintain 14 CFR Part 107 and 14 CFR 61 Ground School. Must be able to obtain and maintain a FAA Class II Medical.
* Ability to meet health and medical requirements in advance of deployments in accordance with DFARS 252.225-7040, DoDI 3020.41, and/or any additional requirements outlined by region or supporting force, as applicable
* Ability to relocate, if not already local, to Atlanta, GA.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Technology, or related technical field.
* Familiarity with Linux/Unix OS; comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools
* Proficiency with work order management systems (e.g., JIRA, Foundry, Odoo) and configuration control processes.
* Strong understanding of networking, antenna concepts, and spectrum analysis
* Experience developing operational and logistics plans for moving people and equipment over long distances.
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience

US Salary Range

$98,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
