---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, New Product Introduction (NPI), Sentry
status: active
id: '5081814007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5081814007?gh_jid=5081814007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T11:47:35-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Sentry Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer with strong NPI experience to join our team. The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment and moving ground equipment, to provide force protection and counter-UAS support. This responsibility includes everything in the manufacturing value-chain, including, but not limited to, Design for Manufacturability work, tool design & selection, process creation & optimization, vendor sourcing & interaction, quality planning, and work documentation associated with the hardware that the Manufacturing Engineer owns.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate past holistic ownership on solving a technical challenge with a creative, physical, solution that they either personally manufacturing or oversaw manufacturing on, in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Leverage expertise in New Product Introduction (NPI) to seamlessly transition electromechanical products from prototype to high-volume production, optimizing design for manufacturability/assembly, and supply chain scalability
* Design and implement efficient manufacturing processes by owning a portion or all of the manufacturing value chain for high-complexity product(s)
* Lead and coordinate projects to install new manufacturing systems and communicate effectively with stakeholders to provide updates on project progress and manufacturing changes
* Leverage automations and integrated workflows to streamline manufacturing processes
* Develop process flows, breaking down large, complex assemblies into a logical part flow of subassemblies and sub-processes
* Write documentation required for successfully manufacturing their hardware at scale, such as work instructions, quality plans, inspection requirements, etc.
* Work with contract manufacturers across various disciplines (PCBA fab, metallic manufacturing, assembly, etc.) to develop repeatable, sustained processes for quick-turn development as well as at-scale production
* Travel to suppliers to do initial sourcing work, solve ongoing production issues, and implement quality procedures
* Contribute to end-customer hardware mechanical or electrical design, including interconnects, board fabrication and inspection, etc.
* Collaborate with various cross-functional departments: Quality Assurance, Design Engineering, Technicians, program managers to set quality standards, inspection processes, design for manufacturability, troubleshooting, and programmatic milestones

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 8+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing or design of electromechanical hardware
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment
* Demonstrated experience integrating large or high complexity assemblies/subassemblies
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Experience in configuration management and change control process (CCB, E&O, Effectivity dates)
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated success in scaling product testing and production from tens/hundreds to hundreds/thousands.
* Hands-on experience with software & firmware flashing or end-of-line testing & troubleshooting
* Demonstrated ability to develop, execute, and manage high-fidelity, automated test procedures on both component and system levels.
* Experience with large scale high mix manufacturing at different stages of product maturity
* Prior experience working with JIRA, Siemens NX, Teamcenter (PLM), or Oracle (ERP) or equivalents
* Familiarity with establishing test ecosystems that de-risk hardware and meet target reliability levels.
* Experience with large Bill of Materials, ownership of multiple products/configurations

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
