---
title: Chief Engineer, Fury Advanced Concepts
status: active
id: '5081059007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5081059007?gh_jid=5081059007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T14:19:42-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T18:11:22-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Strategic Operations and Transformation : Strategic Ventures'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-41)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Fury Program is looking for a strong technical lead to lead development of new capabilities for new customers. You’ll own the technical development, white paper sketches and conceptual design through detailed design, build, flight test for alternative configurations and new concepts. These projects will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build a team, and drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience in programmatic level decision will play a key component in making sure the right design/analysis/ and test steps are being completed to ensure success. 

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* You will be the Technical Lead responsible for growing Anduril’s Fury product line. Anduril needs a strong technical leader to own the design process, establish deep understanding of the aircraft and systems, and identify technical development roadmaps including: scope, cost and schedule required to prototype, test, and manufacture alternative Fury aircraft variants.
* In this role you will work in close coordination with the Senior Director, Fury Programs as well as other engineering and program leaders, Growth team members, technical departments, Suppliers, and customer subject matter experts and senior leaders.
* Success will also require close customer interaction to develop Fury vision and strategies, employment CONOPs, alternate configurations, and the necessary engineering activities to deliver new capabilities. You will own the technical solution space and vehicle configuration.
* Establish program plan/vision and communicate to team while ensuring they stay on track
* Coordinate and execute design level trades working with various functional engineering teams
* Establish requirements, design review entrance/exit criteria, executing trade studies, and driving operational analysis to determine system effectiveness.
* Incorporate expert knowledge of first principles aircraft design, design standards, system safety, test methodology and risk reduction across team.
* An ability to communicate effectively is essential in this role. Clearly and effectively communicate with executive leadership, supporting teams across Anduril, and current and prospective customers. Written communication in the form of white papers and technical presentation will be key to success.
* Candidate will begin with a high level of individual contributor work to initiate a program. Success will result in establishment of successful Fury variants and . This will require building a technical and programmatic team around business opportunities.
* Develop budgetary estimates and schedules working with functional engineering teams
* Develop staffing estimates, and work with functional engineering and operations teams to recruit top talent and integrate them into the team.
* Work with suppliers and vendors to incorporate relevant capabilities onto the Group 5 platform.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

+ Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical, or Software Engineering Degree from an accredited institution
+ 10+ years of technical engineering experience in a professional environment
+ Proven experience developing and executing detailed action strategies
+ Experience managing technical development projects or programs
+ Experience building and leading technical teams
+ Experience with aircraft system design, prototype and test
+ Experience with supporting or leading customer facing technical discussions
+ Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance

**PREFERRED** **QUALIFICATIONS**

+ Experience with unmanned aircraft system design, prototype and test
+ Experience integrating foreign vendor engineering and manufacturing teams, as well as subsystems and other products
+ Experience managing USG programs
+ Active DoD TS clearance

US Salary Range

$254,000—$336,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
