---
title: Support Systems Lead, Seabed Sentry
status: active
id: '5081575007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5081575007?gh_jid=5081575007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T14:57:58-04:00'
date: '2026-03-26T05:55:20-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Anduril's Maritime Division is responsible for planning and executing Anduril's product and revenue roadmap for maritime missions. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, and operations, the Maritime team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril maritime capabilities in a challenging operational environment worldwide. As a leader in the Maritime Division, you must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, manage, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits. This role is crucial in ensuring that each initiative aligns with the company's strategic direction and receives the appropriate resourcing, balancing innovation with practical execution to drive the business line's success.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**   
You will lead the technical and physical architecture of a holistic support system for the service, maintenance, refurbishment, and mass deployment of a novel maritime product. As the technical owner of a new product line, you will be challenged to rethink the possible as you envision and implement methodology to support and sustain large fleets (ranging from 10s to 100s of units per deployment) of stationary, long-dwell subsea autonomous systems.  
  
This is a critical "player-coach" role - you must be a self-starter who is energized by hands-on execution and task leadership. You are not just managing from a whiteboard; you will initially drive the engineering, test infrastructure, and support architecture. While you will immediately leverage matrixed support from adjacent operations and test teams, you will also be expected to recruit, hire, and build out your own dedicated team as the program scales.  
  
You will work closely with Anduril’s engineering, field operations, logistics, and program management teams. The ideal candidate has a strong systems engineering background, a deep understanding of mechanical systems, and the ability to architect and design highly optimized, launch, recovery, and operational equipment.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Architect, plan, and drive the development of a holistic Support System (including low-logistic recovery, subsea asset refurbishment and refreshment, transport, depot and field maintenance, and firmware/mission updates at scale).
* Act as the primary technical driver and engineer for support systems from day one, while recruiting, hiring, and growing your dedicated team over time.
* Coordinate and leverage matrixed resources across adjacent teams to accelerate system delivery.
* Collaborate with customer stakeholders on a comprehensive concept of employment to ensure needs are met, particularly around mass autonomous deployments and long-dwell subsea operations.
* Manage a cohesive plan to support deployed assets, inclusive of identifying critical infrastructure requirements such as maintenance depots, test sites, and refurbishment facilities.
* Work directly with operators and test teams to gain hands-on experience using our equipment, and assist in the scoping and design of future support and test infrastructure.
* Develop a strategy for customer training and train-the-trainer curriculum, including planning the approach to training in a modern tech product environment.
* Manage requirements for fielded system support equipment, including handling equipment, shipping and logistics equipment, shoreside C2 systems, and remote tasking and monitoring equipment.
* Own critical interfaces with other system elements and work closely within the team to deliver a tightly integrated end-to-end system capability.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Marine Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or proven experience in a relevant field.
* Experience in systems engineering or task leadership roles, with a strong grasp of system-level architecture (requirements flow-down, interface definition, and test infrastructure).
* A strong hardware/mechanical foundation with experience supporting or designing complex physical systems (ideally subsea, marine, or robotic craft exposed to harsh environments).
* A "hands-on" leadership mentality - the desire to actively drive engineering work and solve practical, physical problems, rather than relying on a large existing team to do the heavy lifting.
* Be able to think strategically and plan long-term support architectures but also to be in the detail, act tactically when required, and simplify the complex.
* Strong bias to action and an effective decision-maker who is able to operate in a fast-paced, scaling startup environment.
* Be personally resilient and self-starting; ability to build a support ecosystem from scratch with no pre-existing templates.
* Be highly collaborative with the ability to work with both internal and external stakeholders, challenging constructively where necessary.
* Exercise extremely high ownership; take significant pride in the quality and efficacy of your work.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a US Security clearance.
* Travel 25% to Customer and Test Sites.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with the physical realities of subsea hardware longevity (e.g., corrosion, sealing, biofouling) and designing efficient refurbishment/refreshment cycles.
* Demonstrated understanding of multi-domain unmanned and autonomous weapon system development, recovery, and employment at scale.
* Prior experience building out a technical team (hiring, onboarding, and managing direct reports) in a rapid-growth environment.
* Strong understanding of reliability, autonomous system architectures, and overall design approach for unmanned systems.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
