---
title: Field Logistics Associate
status: active
id: '5082763007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5082763007?gh_jid=5082763007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-24T10:17:40-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Global Logistics'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are looking for a **Field Logistics Associate** to join our rapidly growing team in London, United Kingdom. The role of the Field Logistics Associate is one who manages and coordinates the movement of hardware, resources, & people at designated locations and/or in austere environments supporting our customers wherever they may be. The challenges you will encounter are innumerable and unpredictable, but you will be expected to take ownership of delivering the solution.

The logistics team has built a white glove service that is responsible for developing and executing Anduril’s strategy to deliver hardware and software to our customers where it is both mission critical and logistically challenging. This will require a breadth of understanding logistics, the ability to work across teams seamlessly, a deep appreciation for details, and the ability to learn new subject matters quickly.  As you execute on service delivery for our customers and team members, you have the unique opportunity to improve and grow our logistics capabilities. You will be charged with helping Anduril teams solve exceptional challenges, unblocking issues, and establishing procedures, all with the intention of making sure our customers missions are being met.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Collaborate cross functionally with business leaders, program managers, and external stakeholders to ensure project is executed successfully & on time.
* Act as the advance party / remain behind element to assist with packouts for demos, deployments, exercises, and tradeshows.
* Coordinate transportation logistics & work alongside our logistics providers
* Provide white glove service for delivery & acceptance of Anduril hardware to its destination
* Proactively identify, propose, and fix logistical processes
* Handling, storing, packing, labeling, and prepping dangerous goods for commercial shipping

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 3+ years of experience in material management, inventory control, warehouse roles in an aerospace and/or defense industry.
* Must be able to lift 25 kgs
* Able to work in austere environments, climb ladders, use of basic hand & power tools
* Able to operate independently and in teams
* High travel rate, both domestic and international. Must have valid passport.
* Willingness to travel to remote regions of the world for up to two weeks at a time
* Reliable, organized, and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Demonstrate ability to manage multiple projects, prioritization, and planning
* Experience being hands-on and boots on the ground in the warehouse & in the field with proven skills in both process and equipment troubleshooting, and ability to adapt to constantly changing environments

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Forklift certification
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience
* IATA, IMDG, and 49 CFR trained

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
