---
title: Explosives System Safety Engineer
status: active
id: '5082537007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5082537007?gh_jid=5082537007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T17:43:05-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services : Lethality'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Explosive Engineering & Operations Team is responsible for the design and testing of complex munitions systems and transition them from prototype to production. The team is working exciting new ordnance technology across multiple platforms. 

WHAT YOU'LL DO 

* Lead Anduril’s efforts to achieve munition, warhead, and fuzing certification by chaperoning programs through the relevant review entities (WSERB, FISTRP, SSSTRP) and creating positive and enduring relationships with the review entities.

* Create, review, manage, and present critical documentation packages internally and to customers and fuze/safety boards.

* Engage with technical and business line teams and individuals to ensure safety/certification information is accurate and thorough.

* Plan and document testing, analysis, and review milestones to ensure we are taking a proactive approach and minimizing the timeline to go through the review process.

* Document root cause and corrective actions that are relevant to the review process.

* Oversee updates to project deliverables including requirements documentation, change control, traceability, and reliability matrices.

* Create frameworks and establish precedent for government reviews and system certifications to aid future programs.

* Flow down similar guidance and manage as needed key vendors (ESAD, warhead, etc.) where needed.

 

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 

* BS or higher degree in mechanical, systems, aerospace, or another engineering discipline.

* 5+ work experience in design, safety, certification, and systems engineering of an ordnance systems.

* Warhead/fuze review board experience.

* Munitions system certification or qualification experience.

* Deep technical familiarity and understanding of MIL-STD-882E, MIL-STD-1316, and MIL-STD-1901.

* Experience in program management, customer and vendor management, and managing schedules and budgets.

* Ability to travel as required for testing and customer meetings (surges up to 25%).

* Experience preparing formal documentation (i.e. specifications, test procedures, technical reports, etc.)

* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills; proven ability to gather requirements and collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, operations, product management, and customer support.

* Passion for defending the United States and her allies

* Be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

 

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 

* Active U.S. security clearance (DoD Secret or Top-Secret or DOE L or Q).

* Prior experience qualifying ordnance/munitions through all branches of the DoW.

* Expert experience in program management, customer and vendor management, and managing schedules and budgets.

* Established relationships with key members of the DoW System Safety qualification boards.

* Experience managing vendors providing services in support of Safety qualifications.

 

 

 

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
