---
title: Operations Lead, Discovery
status: active
id: '5082577007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5082577007?gh_jid=5082577007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T18:25:37-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking for an Operations Lead to join our rapidly growing Discovery team in Washington DC or Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for partnering across the business to design scalable processes, drive operational excellence, and optimize tools and systems that support our team across all functional areas. You will inform business strategy and deliver data-driven insights that enable revenue generation across the organization. This will require strong analytical skills, a knack for process improvement, and experience working with cross-functional teams. If you are someone who communicates effectively, takes initiative, and thrives in a high-growth, fast changing environment then this role is for you.   
  
Above all, the Operations Lead must embody a "Whatever It Takes" mindset—executing tasks expediently, scalably, and pragmatically while keeping the mission at the forefront. You must be able to take initiative proactively, manage multiple competing priorities at once, interface professionally with internal and external stakeholders, and work at an exceptionally rapid and demanding pace.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Partner cross-functionally with Business Development, Corporate Operations and Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) to develop and refine strategic reporting and planning processes and goals so Anduril can hit aggressive growth targets
* Serve as a trusted advisor on best practices for growth systems (i.e., Salesforce), championing data integrity and governance standards, and supporting growth leads in refining forecasts and business opportunities
* Analyze top-line data to identify business trends, surface insights, and enable informed, data-backed decision, including market analysis, headcount capacity planning, as well as facilities investments.
* Develop business cases for new investment opportunities to meet P&L targets and ensure adequate resourcing
* Own the translation of sales pipeline demand into short- and long-term planning across Operations, People, Production, Real Estate, Corporate Technology, and Finance
* Manage relationships with key customers, partners, and government agencies, ensuring alignment with contractual obligations and stakeholder expectations.
* Prepare program updates, briefs (e.g., schedule, cost, technical), and performance reports for internal and external audiences.
* Maintain status reports, track action items, and ensure critical items are getting done. Engagement with internal leadership team and external stakeholders.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses or eligible to immediately obtain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.
* Minimum 5-6 years managing complex technical software programs or 5 years in consulting for aerospace and defense.
* Strong technical background with familiarity in systems engineering, software development, and hardware/software integration.
* Proficiency with Agile methodologies and supporting tools.
* Exceptional organizational, presentation, and communication skills.
* Willingness to travel as needed.
* Strong financial and operational analysis.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in startups or small organizations with multiple fast-moving, interdependent programs.
* Familiarity with a defense acquisition processes, compliance, and reporting requirements.
* Experience with developing and operating distributed systems, CI/CD pipelines, APIs, middleware, and modular system architectures.
* Proven ability to lead through influence and collaboration.
* Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, innovative environment.
* Knowledge of military systems and operational tactics.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
