---
title: Senior Manager, Manufacturing Engineering, Space
status: active
id: '5083648007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5083648007?gh_jid=5083648007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T17:10:37-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a highly experienced and dynamic **Senior Manager of Manufacturing Engineering** to lead our manufacturing engineering efforts across multiple critical space programs. This pivotal role demands a visionary leader with deep technical expertise in advanced aerospace manufacturing, a proven track record of bringing complex space-qualified hardware from prototype to production, and an unwavering commitment to quality and mission success.  
  
The Senior Manager will be responsible for overseeing manufacturing engineering teams and developing robust processes to ensure the successful fabrication, assembly, integration and test of high-reliability space components and systems. This individual will be instrumental in bridging the gap between design and production, ensuring manufacturability, cost-effectiveness, and adherence to the most stringent space-flight quality standards.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

**Strategic and Technical Leadership:**

* Recruit, mentor, develop, and lead a high-performing team of manufacturing engineers and integration & test engineers and foster a culture of innovation, excellence, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
* Serve as the primary manufacturing engineering lead for several assigned space programs, ensuring technical alignment and execution.
* Oversee the development, implementation, and optimization of manufacturing processes for complex, high-precision space-qualified hardware, including structures, propulsion, avionics, thermal systems, and optical components.
* Drive the vision and strategy for growing Anduril's space program, identifying new opportunities and areas for innovation.

**New Product Introduction:**

* Ensure robust Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and Design for Assembly (DFA) principles are integrated throughout the product lifecycle, influencing design decisions from early concept phases.
* Lead Manufacturing Readiness Reviews (MRR) and production readiness assessments.
* Lead Test Readiness Reviews (TRR) and test campaign readiness assessments.
* Oversee the design, development, documentation, and optimization of manufacturing processes for highly complex, space components, sub-systems, and integrated systems.
* Establish and enforce rigorous quality control standards and inspection methods, ensuring all hardware meets stringent space-grade requirements and a zero-defect mentality.
* Provide technical guidance on manufacturing facility layout, equipment selection, and tooling design for both pilot builds and production environments, including cleanroom operations.

**Cross-Functional Collaboration:**

* Serve as the primary manufacturing engineering interface with Design Engineering, Supply Chain, Program Management, Test, and Operations.
* Collaborate with Supply Chain to assess supplier manufacturing capabilities, quality, and readiness for critical components.
* Support proposals, technical reviews, and customer briefings, representing manufacturing engineering capabilities and strategy.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Degree in a technical field preferred such as engineering, math, or a hard science.
* At least 8+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably space and satellite manufacturing, systems engineering, or design of electromechanical hardware.
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment.
* Experience in unit-level/space vehicle/system integration, assembly, and environmental testing (eg., vibration, thermal vacuum, acoustic, shock, and EMI/EMC)
* Background in integration and testing of avionics/optical payloads, solar, propulsion, ADCS, or other space hardware.
* Proven team leadership skills, with examples of successfully managing and developing a diverse team.
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware through various methods (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.). Work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus.
* Possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly; apply them accurately; organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; and, determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems.
* Familiarity with CAD software, Manufacturing Execution systems, and ERP/MRP systems.
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and a thirst for learning, particularly in the space domain.
* Willingness to travel frequently (>25%) to support global manufacturing operations
* Demonstrated success in scaling product testing and production from one to tens/hundreds.
* Active security clearance or ability to obtain a security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in test hardware and software development
* Software scripting experience in python
* Experience writing test plans, procedures, and work instruction documentation.
* Ability to work effectively in space manufacturing environments.
* Demonstrated skill at driving and questioning design and customer requirements.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
