---
title: PLM Developer
status: active
id: '5084208007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5084208007?gh_jid=5084208007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T07:39:19-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T10:11:19-04:00'
location: Dublin, Dublin, Ireland
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : ECC-Voyager Production : Procurement'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About The Team:**

The Voyager team in Anduril Industries is an engineering and design division with a vast experience in developing innovative computing and communications solutions for the network edge. The team specializes in integrating enterprise networking capabilities from global IT leaders with purpose-built hardware and software platforms designed to meet market demands for the most stringent of environmental requirements.

We are seeking a skilled PLM Developer with knowledge in PTC Windchill to join our IT Systems team in Dublin. This role is responsible for maintaining and improving PLM custom solutions and related applications and integrations. You will be working on supporting users, troubleshooting, data migration and maintenance of backend configurations within our PLM ecosystem to align with evolving business and engineering requirements. You will work closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, IT, and operations, to ensure seamless PLM system functionality, data integrity, and process automation.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Maintain existing backend configuration and customizations in PLM systems, specifically using PTC Windchill and Temcenter.
* Maintain integration of PLM systems with other enterprise applications (ERP, CAD, XPLM, etc.).
* Troubleshoot issues and provide technical support to end-users.
* Support data migration of legacy products from old system configuration to new
* Collaborate with internal teams and external vendors to optimize PLM capabilities
* Create and maintain comprehensive documentation for code, applications, and customizations to ensure future support and clarity, ensuring smooth deployment
* Provide ongoing support for deployed solutions, addressing user-reported issues and implementing necessary updates
* Participate in system upgrades, testing, and validation.
* Analyze quantitative and qualitative data to identify root cause of issues to determine the opportunity size and business impact.
* Support PLM System migration

**Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.
* Strong programming skills in Java/J2EE technologies – JavaScript, GWT, JQuery, XML, JSPs, SQL Teamcenter etc.
* Proven development experience of 3+ years with PTC Windchill or other similar software, including system development and administration.
* Knowledge and experience in Linux environments
* Knowledge & experience in Build and Release process
* Experience with PLM customization frameworks, APIs, and data models.
* Strong understanding of product data management and change control processes.
* Familiarity with integration between PLM and CAD/ERP systems such as SAP B1 and related SAP BPA’s
* Proven track record of partnering with stakeholders while employing a high degree of collaboration and influence.
* Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
* Strong written and verbal communication skills

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Knowledge of enterprise integration middleware (e.g., PTC ThingWorx or custom APIs).
* Agile development and DevOps exposure.
* Experience with system migration or PLM system transitions

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
