---
title: Senior Electrical Engneer
status: active
id: '5084256007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5084256007?gh_jid=5084256007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T21:00:07-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T18:03:30-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services : Electrical Engineering Design'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Full cycle PCB design including collecting requirements, schematic design, component selection, supervision or completion of layout, bring-up, test, debug and integration with the system.
* Design and verification of isolated DC/DC converters and other SMPS.
* Analysis of power domain for high-speed data lines (SI/PI).
* Simulate, model, and test energetic dispersion topologies.
* Closely collaborate with vehicle development teams to design, document, and produce tailored fuzing systems and effectors.
* Develop system interconnect diagrams and define wire harnesses that connect electronic equipment within the vehicle.
* Provide support and collaborate within other air vehicle subsystem development constraints.
* Vendor surveys and evaluation to support sourcing for system components.
* Conduct peer-level and cross-discipline design reviews.
* Build up and test system components through lab, ground, and flight tests.
* Root cause analysis in support of field operations.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* BS or higher degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent, with 5+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting complex board designs.
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, thermal chambers, current-probes, and automation of tests.
* Familiarity with DC/DC conversion topologies and isolation.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, SerDes.
* Familiarity with common MCU, CPU, FPGA devices and technologies.
* Familiarity with SerDes and SI/PI or delivering high speed power to loads.
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits.
* Comfortable with a variety of electronic CAD tools (Altium preferred, Eagle and others acceptable).
* Experience in design for signal integrity / power integrity for high speed loads.
* Experience with high amperage capacity harnessing and derating.
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits.
* Test experience including data acquisition, data analysis, and project coordination.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Ability to travel as required for testing (surges up to 25%).
* Passion for defending the United States and her allies.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Active U.S. security clearance (DoD Secret or Top-Secret or DOE L or Q).
* 5-10 years’ work experience as an individual contributing engineer, focused on electrical design, analysis, and testing of power systems and high speed power integrity/PMICs.
* Familiarity with electrical component suppliers.
* Familiarity with seeker technology.
* Experience with high voltage interconnect systems.
* Experience designing and scaling production of components at volume.
* Experience developing or testing complex electrical systems.
* Experience with MIL-STD-704, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-461.
* Experience with explosive operations and/or handling munitions.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
