---
title: Program Manager, Strategic Ventures
status: active
id: '5084872007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5084872007?gh_jid=5084872007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T18:59:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Strategic Operations and Transformation : Strategic Ventures'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Strategic Ventures team manages high leverage projects to deliver key capabilities, step-change improvements in system value, and new scalable processes. As part of the Ventures team, we’re looking for an individual to help lead project teams working to solve key cross-functional process, analytics, and systems challenges to better help Supply Chain, Deployments, and partner teams across a variety of workflows.

### ABOUT THE JOB

* Lead cross-functional efforts, building project roadmaps, getting alignment from different parties, and working through roadblocks as they come up, owning the end-to-end implementation of a given Venture.
* Work closely with the Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Mission Operations, Finance, Product, and Deployments teams to identify problems, conceive solutions, and implement processes to improve our ability to buy, make, and deploy hardware quickly and correctly.
* Work closely with the Enterprise Solutions teams to scope requirements and deliver solutions to help aid in solving core scale problems.
* Pinch hit where necessary, filling in critical gaps to ensure the business can run smoothly and your Ventures are successful. This is a critical aspect of this role, we do what needs to be done regardless of experience.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Effective end to end project management experience spanning concept, planning, implementation, and follow through
* Ability to identify operational pain points, then design and implement new, scalable processes to resolve them.
* Proficiency in using both qualitative and quantitative data to perform analysis and support operational decisions.
* Experience defining and documenting business requirements for internal systems or software workflows.
* Experience working collaboratively across multiple departments (e.g., business and technical teams) to achieve shared goals.
* Demonstrated ability to learn new concepts, processes, and skills quickly to meet project demands.
* A track record of high ownership and personal accountability for project outcomes.
* U.S. Person Status is required as this position needs to access controlled data.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience partnering with Finance/Accounting and Operational Stakeholders, ideally in a fast paced, high-growth technology, manufacturing, finance, or defense environment.
* Ability to influence the design and functionality of internal business systems based on user needs
* A track record of proactively identifying future cross-functional issues or needs and proposing solutions.
* Prior ownership of change management process for transitioning new processes or systems to business users.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
