---
title: Chief Engineer
status: active
id: '5084723007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5084723007?gh_jid=5084723007
lastmod: '2026-06-11T11:01:47-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T16:47:34-04:00'
location: Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Chief Engineering'
offices:
- Amsterdam, Netherlands
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**   
You’ll own the technical development of large aircraft from white paper sketches and conceptual design through detailed design, build, flight test, transition to production, and sustainment. This includes vehicle layout and conceptual design, airframe and propulsion system design and integration, guidance section development, payload and datalink integration, fabrication and flight test. These projects will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build a team, and drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience in programmatic level decision will play a key component in making sure the right design/analysis/ and test steps are being completed to ensure success without simply completing steps for the sake of the process that don’t add value. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience executing and successfully completing prior highly optimized multi-disciplinary projects.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Work closely with the customer to develop or evolve a large autonomous air vehicle. This will require close coordination with Anduril Growth, Export compliance, technical departments, US and Foreign Suppliers and US and Foreign government subject matter experts and senior leaders.
* The intent is to have a strong technical chief engineer who can become engaged in the design process, gain a deep understanding of the aircraft, and leveraging understanding of export regulations, identify technical development roadmaps including: scope, cost and schedule required to prototype, test, and manufacture exportable air vehicle.
* Lead technical and programmatic execution of new and existing air vehicle systems design, fabrication, test, productization and sustainment.
* Own the technical and programmatic success of your programs, establish technical and programmatic vision assemble teams of internal and external subject matter experts, and communicate that vision to them.
* Candidate will begin with a high level of individual contributor work to initiate a program. Success will result in potential production capability. This will require building a technical and programmatic team around business opportunities.
* Set up trades to enable the exploration of early conceptual designs while working closely with technical SME’s and Business Development teams to find the right solution to current and future gaps in the sovereign capability to ensure the warfighter has the best solution for current and future conflicts.
* Manage the detailed design of the system and subsystems including requirements development, sub-system trades and optimization, risk management etc. to ensure the appropriate consideration of design key performance parameters, schedule, costs and risks.
* Coordinate the fabrication of prototype and low-rate production articles and subsystem/system level test efforts.
* Develop budgetary estimates and schedules working with functional engineering teams
* Work with suppliers and vendors to incorporate relevant capabilities onto the air vehicle.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

+ Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical, or Software Engineering Degree from an accredited institution
+ 10+ years of technical engineering experience in a professional environment
+ Deep understanding of unmanned aircraft at and above Group 3 class
+ Experience with aircraft system design, prototype and test
+ Experience in a senior role leading air vehicle programs from initial concept through test and delivery to customers
+ Experience driving strategic direction in competitive landscapes, solving complex system optimization challenges under tight constraints.
+ Proven ability to deliver functional capabilities while aligning technical objectives with programmatic outcomes.
+ Demonstrated collaboration and partnerships with internal and external stakeholders
+ Strong understanding of the “why” behind Vehicle and Systems design.
+ Experience with sovereign military design standards and airworthiness processes
+ Experience integrating foreign vendor engineering and manufacturing teams, as well as subsystems and other products
+ Must be able to obtain and hold a Dutch government security clearance

**PREFERRED** **QUALIFICATIONS**

+ Experience with unmanned aircraft system design, prototype and test
+ Experience managing technical development programs
+ Experience with Foreign Military Sales, Direct commercial sales of defense systems

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
