---
title: Senior EMI/EMC Test Engineer
status: active
id: '5085936007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5085936007?gh_jid=5085936007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-20T16:02:11-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Hardware Engineering Organization is looking for a Senior EMI/EMC Test Engineer to deliver value and innovation as Anduril’s products across all domains - air, land, water, and space - are introduced to the market. The team provides rapid, comprehensive development and compliance test capabilities that inform design and architecture trades meanwhile improving system performance and reliability. This is more than mere test execution, this is ownership of electromagnetic resilience and continuous improvement through rigorous evaluation, troubleshooting, and innovation.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Create and maintain electrical system test strategy, and test plans for various Anduril products.
* Conduct electrical compliance and robustness testing such as MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-704, and MIL-STD-1275.
* Design and deploy electrical system integration test benches. (Iron Bird/Copper Bird/Lab Car).
* Support on vehicle level to component level test requirement decomposition.
* Drive coverage and analysis of failures observed in unit-level, integration, and system-level testing.
* Devise mitigations for test failures and path to compliance and reliability.
* Perform integration testing of electrical subsystems and their functionality.
* Leverage data analysis and existing tools to reproduce and characterize failures.
* Support environmental reliability testing (HALT/HASS) efforts on PCBA and LRU level.
* Develop customized harnesses and fixtures for EMI/EMC and power quality tests.
* Support validation of automated test systems.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or related fields
* 5+ years of relevant industry experience with emphasis on EMI/EMC, hardware validation, and integration testing
* Familiarity with hardware development life cycle, reliability, and compliance testing
* General understanding of engineering concepts, principles, and theory with technical experience demonstrating the application of those concepts while ensuring safety and regulatory compliance
* Familiarity with Python and/or MATLAB for data parsing and data visualization
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, signal generators, spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, data acquisition and measurement sensors
* Familiarity with environmental testing such as MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-464, MIL-STD-704, MIL-STD-810, and MIL-STD-1275
* Strong root cause analysis skills
* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills
* Ability to travel to and work at remote sites supporting test integration, commissioning, and training as required
* Must be able to obtain a security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years of relevant industry experience
* Pursuing a Master’s of Science or PHD in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science or related field
* Experience with firmware integration, vehicle level validation and debugging
* Demonstrated knowledge of regulatory compliance standards
* Familiarity with LabVIEW, TILE, or similar software for test execution and automation
* Familiarity with analytical and modeling tools like SPICE, HFSS, CST, etc.

US Salary Range

$148,000—$183,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
