---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '5085036007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5085036007?gh_jid=5085036007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T21:59:34-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

At Anduril Australia we are developing unmanned systems for subsurface and other domains that will leverage unsupervised autonomy for the delivery of long endurance, multi-mission capability to our customers. These projects, including but not limited to the Extra Large Autonomous Undersea Vehicle (XL-AUV) Program, require a Senior Electrical Engineer with deep electrical system design experience to architect and deliver critical systems and sub-systems. The Senior Electrical Engineer strives to leverage their experience with Electrical and Power Systems to rapidly architect, design, deliver, support, and evolve next generation autonomous vehicles through the entire product life-cycle.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Drive the development and design of innovative electrical systems and products that meet the unique requirements of our company.
* Collaborate with other engineers and team members to integrate electrical systems into larger product designs
* Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior engineers
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to translate business objectives into clear electrical engineering deliverables.
* Create and maintain comprehensive documentation, including design specifications, test procedures, and technical reports.
* Ensure compliance with industry standards, regulations, and safety requirements throughout the product development lifecycle.
* Perform detailed electrical calculations, simulations, and testing to evaluate system performance and optimise efficiency.
* Troubleshoot complex electrical engineering challenges and provide innovative and practical solutions in a rapid development environment.
* Hold and deliver to project timelines, milestones, managing your time and budgets to achieve successful project outcomes.
* Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in electrical engineering and proactively apply new knowledge to improve our products.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering or a related field.
* Proven experience in a senior role within defence, tech or any fast-paced environment, driving successful electrical engineering projects from concept to market launch.
* Expertise in electrical engineering principles, techniques, and technologies, with a track record of delivering innovative solutions.
* Proficiency in using industry-standard electrical design and simulation software.
* Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to motivate and mentor junior engineers while fostering a culture of collaboration and innovation.
* Strong time management and organisational abilities, with a demonstrated ability to deliver projects on time and within budget.
* Excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to think creatively and adapt to diverse and evolving challenges.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Familiarity with fast paced environment best practices, including agility, adaptability, and the ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
* Passion for technology and a curiosity to stay updated with the latest advancements in the industry.
* Ability to obtain and maintain an Australian Government Security Clearance (NV2).

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience designing electrical and power systems for unmanned vehicles.
* Experience in the subsea or maritime domain
* Experience working on defence programs and familiarity with current Defence standards.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
