---
title: ' Manufacturing Engineer, Production, Sentry'
status: active
id: '5085941007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5085941007?gh_jid=5085941007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-03-20T16:00:49-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Sentry Manufacturing team is seeking a Manufacturing Engineer to join our team. This role focuses on executing key tasks within the manufacturing value-chain for Sentry Tower Systems. This includes hands-on involvement in Design for Manufacturability (DFM) work, assisting with process creation and optimization, developing detailed work instructions, performing root cause analysis for production issues, and supporting quality planning for the hardware under your purview.  
  
The ideal candidate is a proactive problem-solver with a strong desire to learn and contribute to complex electromechanical hardware challenges. You should be someone who thrives in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment and enjoys getting hands-on to implement and refine physical solutions. If you are eager to apply your engineering skills to real-world production challenges and grow within a dynamic team, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Support the transition of new electromechanical products from NPI to production**, contributing to Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and Design for Assembly (DFA) efforts, and assisting in establishing robust manufacturing processes to meet production demands.
* **Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives for existing production lines and manufacturing processes**, providing engineering support to resolve issues, enhance efficiency, reduce costs, and improve product quality.
* **Assist in the design, implementation, and optimization of efficient manufacturing processes**, supporting efforts to maximize throughput, reduce costs, and ensure consistent high-quality output for products.
* **Participate in projects for the installation, commissioning, and validation of new manufacturing systems and equipment**, assisting with communication on their impact to production capabilities, efficiency, and capacity to stakeholders.
* **Assist in identifying and implementing automation solutions and integrated workflows** to streamline manufacturing processes, enhancing efficiency and repeatability.
* **Develop and refine detailed manufacturing process flows**, assisting in breaking down assemblies into logical subassemblies and sub-processes to optimize production flow and ensure consistent product quality on the line.
* **Create and maintain manufacturing documentation**, including detailed work instructions, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and quality control plans, to ensure standardized and repeatable production.
* **Partner with contract manufacturers across diverse disciplines** (e.g., PCBA fabrication, metallic manufacturing, final assembly) to support the establishment of repeatable production processes and ensure on-time delivery.
* **Travel to key suppliers and contract manufacturers to support resolution of production issues**, assist in auditing processes, and implement quality control procedures to maintain production continuity and quality.
* **Provide Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and Design for Assembly (DFA) feedback to engineering teams**, helping to optimize product design for production efficiency, cost, quality, and reliability.
* **Support technical ownership for assigned product lines**, collaborating with Design Engineering, Quality Assurance, Production Operations, Software, and Program Management to ensure seamless product realization and issue resolution.
* **Maintain Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) data**, assisting with Bill of Material (BOM) management, configuration control, and change management within systems like Teamcenter, ensuring accuracy and alignment with production requirements.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 2+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing or design of electromechanical hardware
* Demonstrated ability to contribute to the delivery of electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment
* Experience or familiarity with integrating assemblies/subassemblies
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Experience in configuration management and change control processes
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Exposure to or interest in scaling product testing and production.
* Hands-on experience with software & firmware flashing or end-of-line testing & troubleshooting
* Experience supporting the development or execution of automated test procedures on both component and system levels.
* Experience with high mix manufacturing at different stages of product maturity
* Prior experience working with JIRA, Siemens NX, Teamcenter (PLM), or Oracle (ERP) or equivalents
* Familiarity with establishing test ecosystems that de-risk hardware and meet target reliability levels.
* Experience with Bill of Materials management.

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
