---
title: Senior Systems Engineer, Omen
status: active
id: '5086899007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5086899007?gh_jid=5086899007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T17:46:37-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## Job Description

Anduril is seeking a Systems Engineer to join the Omen team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on new aircraft development in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Execute a right-sized, Agile Systems Engineering approach as per the Systems Engineering Management Plan (SEMP) for development of the Omen Capability at the speed of relevance
* Support design teams in the evolution and progress of Technical Performance Measures (TPMs) throughout the design process
* Contribute to System Design Reviews (SDR) and engineering governance structures such as Preliminary Design Reviews (PDR), Critical Design Reviews (CDR), Test Readiness Reviews (TRR), Safety Review Boards (SRB) representing the Systems Engineering discipline
* Own and maintain Functional Decomposition, System Breakdown Structure (SBS), Product Breakdown Structure (PBS), and Architecture diagrams
* Develop key Systems Engineering design artifacts including System Description Documents (SDDs) and Interface Control Documents (ICDs)
* Champion the use of the Test and Evaluation Master Plan (TEMP) to enable system maturation
* Shape the design of representative Hardware In Lab (HIL) and Hardware In The Loop (HITL) physical integration environments, and input into surrogate testing
* Create issue board workflows and coordinate ticket triage, action assignment, artifact capture and closure
* Shape and coordinate configuration and change management processes
* Support Systems Safety and Airworthiness efforts
* Develop and own the Omen System Verification Plan (SVP)
* Support build, ground and flight test of prototype and production representative Omen Systems with Physical Configuration Audits (PCA) and verification-related tasks

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND ATTRIBUTES**

* Bachelor degree in Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical or Systems Engineering, or equivalent technical discipline
* 5+ years industry Systems Engineering experience including safety-critical hardware and software systems in the Defense or Aerospace industries, specifically crewed aircraft, rotorcraft, UAS or weapon systems
* Demonstrable Systems Engineering proficiency, including solicitation of requirements with the customer/end-user, collaboration with design teams
* Experience developing traditional and right-sized Systems Engineering artifacts, including pragmatic verification and validation plans
* Deep understanding of the test and evaluation process as applicable to developmental, acceptance and operational testing
* Familiarity with technical software packages such as Teamcenter, JIRA, JAMA, Cameo, and/or Ansys
* Experience with crewed or uncrewed developmental autonomous aircraft (Group 3 UAS or larger)
* Exposure to guidelines, standards and processes such as ARP-4754, ARP-4761, DO-178C, DO-254, JSSSEH, MIL-STD 882E, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-516C, MIL-STD-461, AC-17-01 desirable
* Proficiency in coordinating change management processes
* Outstanding written and verbal communication skills to include presentation of developed artifacts
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance in United States, United Kingdom, or Australia

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
