---
title: Principal Construction Project Manager, Maritime (East Coast)
status: active
id: '5088857007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088857007?gh_jid=5088857007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T09:28:21-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Design & Construction team at Anduril delivers the factories, labs, offices, and secure spaces that enable our teams to design, build, and deploy advanced defense technology. Our projects span high-performance manufacturing facilities, mission-critical secure environments, and collaborative workspaces, giving our team exposure to a uniquely wide variety of technical and operational challenges.  
  
More than just delivering buildings, we are (literally) rebuilding the American defense industrial base. Our work directly accelerates how quickly critical technology moves from concept to production and into the hands of the warfighter.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a **Senior Construction Project Manager** to join our rapidly growing team. This position sits within the broader Design & Construction (D&C) team. The D&C team is responsible for bringing our various cutting-edge factories, offices, and secure spaces to life. We collaborate with a variety of stakeholders involved in shaping the built environment needed to enable Anduril’s mission (construction managers, architects, industrial engineers, real estate planners, finance analysts, and many more). But, first and foremost, we deeply listen to what our Division Leaders need. Whether it is autonomous submarines, robot fighter jets, or AR headsets, we stay close to our end users to ensure we’re fueling their success.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* External Project Management and Coordination:

+ Maintain strong relationships with contractors, consultants, vendors, and regulatory agencies.
+ Collaborate closely with external project management teams to ensure alignment of construction activities with overall project objectives.
+ Facilitate regular meetings with external project managers to discuss project updates, resource allocation, and potential challenges.

* Stakeholder Management:

+ Serve as the primary point of contact for all construction-related matters.
+ Advise in all phases of any given project: programming, design, pre-construction, closeout, and operations - not just construction.
+ Communicate project progress, challenges, and solutions to senior management and other key internal stakeholders.
+ Work cross-functionally with non-constriction functions like Security, Network Engineering, Facilities Management, Marketing, Kitchen Operations, Manufacturing, EHS, Legal, and many others.

* Budget and Financial Oversight:

+ Develop and manage budgets for construction and maintenance projects: everything from large greenfield projects to small one-day capital improvements.
+ Work closely with Finance/FP&A for cash flow forecasting.
+ Prepare and present financial reports to senior executives.

* Contracting Strategy:

+ Develop and implement creative contracting structures that align incentives, reduce change order disputes, and set up projects for success
+ Establish commercial terms that drive transparency, predictability, and fairness throughout the project lifecycle
+ Structure contracts to appropriately allocate risk, protect the company’s interests, and minimize potential disputes

* Construction Cost Estimating:

+ Gather (and help define) user requirements for nascent construction projects.
+ Generate accurate cost estimates at all stages of a project lifecycle (concept, test fits, schematic designs, construction drawings, etc.).
+ Manage relationships with consultants, regional contractors, and suppliers as needed to support individual project cost estimates.
+ Help build our historical cost database to inform every future project.

### Required Qualifications

* Minimum of 12 years of progressive experience in construction management.
* At least 5 years Maritime Experience in a construction leadership role
* Strong background in design advisory, pre-construction, and project kickoff/setup.
* The ability to lead and effectively communicate with large, diverse project teams
* Excellent project management skills, with a proven track record of delivering large-scale projects on time and within budget.
* In-depth knowledge of construction means and methods, materials, MEP systems and building codes.
* Effective communication and interpersonal skills.
* Competency in CPM scheduling methods, construction document review, and contract administration.
* Willingness to travel up to 20% of the time to support a project or team meetings

### Preferred Qualifications

* Experience with advanced manufacturing-related projects
* Excel proficiency: You can work quickly, you’re organized, and you build models that others can easily and intuitively pick up.
* Education: Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, or a related field.
* Experience with ICD-705 and TEMPEST-related policies and guidance is welcome

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
