---
title: Senior IT Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '5088395007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088395007?gh_jid=5088395007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T19:34:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T17:13:13-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Infrastructure Engineering : Infrastructure Engineering'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
Anduril is seeking an Senior IT Systems Engineer to build and maintain our tech stack supporting mission critical programs. You will have the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the world’s best engineers and cybersecurity professionals as you help to implement cutting-edge systems. You will work directly with development groups and systems deployed across the globe, all while gaining invaluable experience in navigating complex IT environments.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Design, deploy, and manage infrastructure solutions across cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) and on-premises environments (VMware).
* Monitor, maintain, and optimize the performance and reliability of critical infrastructure systems.
* Experience with server and storage technologies, including but not limited to Pure Storage or VAST Data.
* Automate infrastructure provisioning, configuration, and management using infrastructure-as-code (IaC) tools such as Terraform, Ansible, or CloudFormation.
* Collaborate with development, security, and operations teams to ensure seamless integration and deployment of applications.
* Provision, configure, and maintain databases to ensure high availability, performance, and security.
* Ensure data integrity and security through regular backups, disaster recovery planning, and adherence to best practices.
* Familiarity with virtualization technologies and VDI solutions.
* Troubleshoot and resolve infrastructure-related issues and outages promptly.
* Document infrastructure designs, processes, and procedures for future reference and knowledge sharing.
* Stay current with the latest industry trends and emerging technologies to continually improve infrastructure capabilities.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 7+ years of experience in IT infrastructure engineering, with a strong focus on both on-premises and cloud technologies.
* Strong knowledge of cloud platforms (AWS or Azure) and their respective services.
* Proficiency in infrastructure-as-code (IaC) tools such as Terraform, Ansible, or CloudFormation.
* Experience with automation and scripting using languages such as Python, Bash, or PowerShell.
* Proficiency in Linux configuration and administration, including system optimization, security hardening, and troubleshooting.
* Solid understanding of networking concepts, including TCP/IP, DNS, VPN, and load balancing.
* Experience with virtualization technologies such as VMware or Hyper-V.
* Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and tools like Jenkins, GitLab CI, or CircleCI.
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently or as part of a team.
* Excellent communication and documentation skills.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a US Secret Security Clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Datacenter / colo experience
* GPU/CPU HPC experience a plus
* Experience with monitoring and logging tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, ELK stack, or CloudWatch.

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
