---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack), Intelligence Systems '
status: active
id: '5088314007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5088314007?gh_jid=5088314007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-24T13:16:38-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is a lead provider of highly specialized engineering products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements and shape concepts of operation. We design, develop, and deliver exquisite capability across their mission set using commercially-available and custom hardware and software. We provide critically-needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Software Engineer (SWE) to join our rapidly-growing team in Reston, Virginia. In this role, you will be responsible for developing full-stack software solutions to challenging technical problems, with responsibilities including but not limited to front-end and back-end development, database management, code refactors, and performance optimization. You will need to work within tight timelines and resource constraints while still delivering a high-quality product.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Design and implement full-stack software solutions, leveraging everything from UI frameworks to database queries.
* Maintain and update existing software systems.
* Actively contribute to software development for critical tasks as needed to meet deadlines.
* Adhere to software best practices and coding standards, review peer code, interact with revision control, maintain build processes, and perform testing.
* Triage issues and investigate root cause failures.
* Balance user requests/requirements with technical feasibility and long-term project goals.
* Mentor and provide expert technical guidance on approach, design, and scope to junior team members, fostering a culture of excellence.
* Collaborate closely with program managers and technical leads to design next-generation critical systems, align strategic priorities, and accurately estimate project timelines.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5-8 years of experience in full-stack software development.
* Education or industry experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or comparable STEM fields.
* Demonstrated experience developing, deploying, and maintaining software within highly secure, resource-constrained, and/or air-gapped operational environments.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* Demonstrated proficiency in digesting and solving technical problems without significant oversight.
* Strong desire to contribute to a fast-paced, high-impact environment with a direct connection to national security missions.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance with Full Scope Polygraph.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proficiency in one or more modern full-stack programming languages, with significant experience in C#, Typescript/Javascript, or Java.
* Deep experience with SQL Server, including advanced query tuning and database optimization for high-performance applications.
* Experience working with full-text indices (Solr/Lucene, ElasticSearch).
* Hands-on experience with DevOps practices (CI/CD pipelines, containerization like Docker/Kubernetes, microservices architecture, sharing strategies).
* Familiarity with AI/ML tools and techniques, and an interest in applying them to solve complex defense challenges.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
