---
title: 'Senior Space Vehicle EO/IR Integration and Test Engineer '
status: active
id: '5089053007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5089053007?gh_jid=5089053007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-24T19:26:24-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Space Manufacturing team is seeking an experienced and dynamic Senior Space Vehicle EO/IR Integration and Test Engineer to join our Space Assembly, Integration, and Test team. The Space Manufacturing team is responsible for assembly, integration, and test of ground support equipment, PCBA, unit-level, and integrated systems that are vital for our aerospace and defense operations. Your expertise will help ensure that our products meet the highest standards of quality and reliability at Anduril.  
  
As the Senior Space Vehicle EO/IR Integration and Test Engineer, you will lead satellite integration and testing campaigns, focusing on EO/IR systems such as photon detecting imagers from visible through long wave infrared wavebands including CMOS and CCD focal planes, thermal sensors including microbolometers, as well as LIDAR and laser range finders. Your responsibilities include developing integration plans and procedures, resolving test anomalies, managing test campaign. schedule, and conducting environmental tests (e.g, TVAC, shock, vibration, EMI/EMC). The role requires collaboration with cross-functional engineering teams and expertise in space systems. This position offers ownership of mission-critical projects, opportunities to work with cutting-edge technology and develop processes to ensure successful integration and test of space systems. Offers career growth in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead end-to-end integration and test (I&T) campaigns for space vehicles, focusing on EO/IR payloads
* Develop and implement integration and test plans, along with associated operational procedures
* Manage schedules and timelines for space vehicle I&T operations to meet project deliverables
* Diagnose and resolve anomalies or non-conformances encountered during integration and testing processes
* Conduct environmental test campaigns, including thermal vacuum (TVAC), shock, vibration, EMI/EMC, and acoustics testing
* Utilize and modify test scripts for test automation, diagnostics, and troubleshooting during space vehicle testing
* Operate and maintain test equipment such as bus control test racks for space vehicle test campaign
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including systems, thermal, mechanical, electrical, firmware, and software engineers, to ensure integration and test success
* Contribute to the development and refinement of I&T processes for the growing Space AI&T team, with opportunities to expand into mechanical and optical integration tasks

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, System Engineering, or a similar field
* At least 8+ years of experience in. relevant field, preferably space and satellite manufacturing, systems engineering, or design of EO/IR hardware
* Proven experience leading large-scale space vehicle I&T campaigns with focus on EO/IR systems
* Expertise in developing integration and test plans with associated procedures
* Strong ability to troubleshoot and resolve anomalies/non-conformances during integration and testing
* Hands-on experience with environmental test campaigns (e.g., TVAC, shock, vibration, EMI/EMC, acoustics)
* Proficiency in Python scripting for test automation and diagnostics
* Experience working with collimators, integrating spheres, theodolites, laser trackers, interferometers, and other optical test equipment
* Experience working with classified systems, including performing keying operations
* Demonstrated experience utilizing MES/ERP/MRP systems for tracking and managing integration tasks
* Active security clearance or ability to obtain a security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Background in testing and integrating electro-optical (EO) and infrared (IR) payloads or instruments
* Experience with advanced payload analyses and laboratory measurements with photon transfer, dark current, radiometry, responsivity, distortion mapping, boresight alignments, non-uniformity corrections, point spread function, modulation transfer function, and more
* Experience with optical test equipment from Labsphere, 4D Technologies, Leica, SORL, and other industry leaders
* Familiarity with integrating space vehicles and payloads at launch sites, including pre-launch checkouts and troubleshooting
* Ability to use CAD tools for reviewing or assisting with design modifications related to integration processes
* Strong understanding of industry standards for shock, vibration, acoustics, TVAC, and EMI/EMC testing
* Advanced experience with handling secure systems and classified operations beyond baseline keying activities
* Familiarity with scaling integration and test processes for companies that build multiple satellites at once
* History of leading cross-functional engineering teams across hardware, software, thermal, mechanical, and structural disciplines
* Previous involvement in the preparation and integration of satellites for launch and mission finalization
* Advanced ability to develop or extensively modify Python test scripts for automation and diagnostics
* Experience working in fast-paced aerospace companies or startups, showcasing adaptability and innovative problem-solving skills

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
