---
title: Full Stack Software Engineer
status: active
id: '5089044007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5089044007?gh_jid=5089044007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-24T19:52:26-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Strategic Growth'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**Anduril Labs is a multidisciplinary team of technologists, solution architects, engineers, and military subject matter experts. Its mission is to drive innovation across all Anduril business units and product lines by developing novel concepts and next-generation technologies that enhance Anduril’s competitive edge and give its customers a decisive technological advantage over its adversaries.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**   
  
We are looking for a talented full stack software engineer to join our growing team at Anduril Labs in Washington, DC. As a full stack software engineer in Anduril Labs, you will help bring innovative, next-generation concepts to life through proof-of-concept development and rapid prototyping using bleeding edge technologies.  
  
The ideal candidate has exceptional software development and creative problem-solving skills, is a self-starter, and can quickly grasp complex concepts. As a full stack software engineer, you possess the skills to architect, develop, and deploy distributed applications and services, including both front-end and back-end components. You have experience with agile, end-to-end software development lifecycle and are comfortable developing and deploying code across Windows and Linux-based systems (including standalone bare-metal hardware, virtualized environments, and cloud-hosted platforms). Embedded software development experience is a plus. You are also proficient in integrating legacy code and systems, leveraging open-source technologies, and developing and utilizing APIs. Additionally, you have a solid understanding of AI/ML core concepts (e.g., feature extraction, supervised vs. unsupervised learning, regression, classification, clustering, deep learning neural networks, NLP, LLMs, SLMs, model fine-tuning, prompt engineering, RAG) and hands-on experience developing (Gen)AI-enhanced applications or services.  
  
We also expect candidates to have familiarity with database technologies (e.g., SQL, NoSQL, Graph DB, Vector DB) and experience with data modeling, data wrangling, analytics, and visualization. Since Anduril Labs supports all Anduril businesses and product lines, you will have the unique opportunity to work closely with multi-disciplinary engineering and product development teams across the entire company. This means you will get to directly contribute to the development of Anduril’s next-generation products and services. So if you thrive in a dynamic environment that values creative problem-solving, love writing code, excel as both an individual contributor and team player, are eager to learn, and bring a can-do attitude, this role is for you.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead the development of prototypes to demonstrate advanced concepts in areas like autonomous and multi-agent systems, GenAI, advanced data analytics, quantum computing/sensing/networking/comms/machine learning, modeling, simulation, optimization, visualization, next-gen human-machine interfaces, heterogenous computing, and cybersecurity.
* Own the entire Software Development Lifecycle from inception through development, testing, deployment, and documentation for Anduril Labs-developed software prototypes.
* Interface and collaborate with other Anduril and customer engineering teams, and strategic partners.
* Support Anduril- and customer-funded R&D efforts.
* Participate in field experiments and technology demonstrations.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of programming with Python, C++, Java, Rust, Go, or JavaScript/TypeScript.
* Proven software architecture and design skills.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established codebases.
* AI/ML development using commercial and open-source AI frameworks, models, and tools (e.g., Jupyter Notebook, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, OpenAI, Claude, Gemini, Llama, LangChain, YOLO, AWS Sagemaker, Bedrock, Azure AI, RAG).
* Web app development (e.g., React, Angular, or Vue).
* Cloud development (e.g., AWS, Azure, or GCP).
* Data modeling and wrangling.
* Networking basics (e.g., DNS, TCP/IP vs. UDP, socket communications, LDAP, Active Directory)
* Database technologies (e.g., SQL, NoSQL, Graph DB, Vector DB).
* API development and integration (e.g., REST, GraphQL).
* Containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
* Software development on Linux and Windows.
* Demonstrable hands-on experience using GenAI tools (e.g., OpenAI Codex**,** Claude Code, Gemini Code Assist, GitHub Copilot, Amazon CodeWhisperer, or similar) for software development, code generation, debugging, and algorithmic exploration.
* Experience with Git version control, build tools, and CI/CD pipelines.
* Demonstrated understanding and application of software testing principles and practices, including unit testing, integration testing, and end-to-end testing.
* Strong problem-solving skills, meticulous attention to detail, and the ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively articulate complex technical concepts to diverse audiences.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar field.
* Distributed applications development (e.g., client/server, microservices, multi-agent solutions).
* High performance computing (HPC) and big data technologies (e.g., Apache Spark, Hadoop).
* Mobile app development (e.g., iOS or Android).
* Embedded software development experience.
* Willingness to travel up to approximately 10%

US Salary Range

$132,000—$198,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
