---
title: 'Director, Manufacturing Engineering '
status: active
id: '5089449007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5089449007?gh_jid=5089449007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T14:41:28-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Leadership'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are seeking an experienced Manufacturing Engineering Manager with a strong background in chemical, explosives, or energetics to join our team. The successful candidate will manage and support our full rate production operation, ensuring efficiency, safety, and quality. This role requires expertise in production documentation, excellent customer service skills, and the ability to lead a diverse and dynamic team.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

**Full Rate Production Management:**

* Develop, implement, and continuously improve production processes to enhance productivity and quality.
* Ensure compliance with industry standards, safety regulations, and internal policies.

**Team Leadership:**

* Lead, mentor, and develop a diverse team of engineers, technicians, and support staff.
* Foster a collaborative and inclusive team environment that encourages innovation and continuous improvement.
* Conduct regular performance reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.

**Production Documentation:**

* Develop and maintain comprehensive production documentation, including standard operating procedures (SOPs), work instructions, and process flow diagrams.
* Ensure accurate and timely documentation of production activities, modifications, and improvements.
* Collaborate with quality assurance to ensure all documentation meets regulatory and customer requirements.

**Customer Service**

* Serve as the primary point of contact for customers regarding production-related inquiries and concerns.
* Address customer needs promptly and professionally, ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction.
* Collaborate with the sales and customer service teams to provide technical support and resolve issues.

**Process Optimization:**

* Analyze production data to identify trends, bottlenecks, and areas for improvement.
* Implement lean manufacturing principles and continuous improvement initiatives to enhance production efficiency.
* Monitor and control production costs, striving for cost-effective solutions without compromising quality.

**Safety and Compliance:**

* Ensure all production activities comply with safety regulations and industry standards.
* Conduct regular safety audits and risk assessments, implementing corrective actions as needed.
* Promote a culture of safety awareness and continuous improvement within the team.

#### **QUALIFICATIONS**

* Education: Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field. Advanced degree preferred.
* Experience: Minimum of 7-10 years of experience in a manufacturing engineering role, ideally with a focus on chemical, explosives, or energetics industries.
* Leadership: Proven experience in leading and managing diverse and dynamic teams.
* Technical Skills: Proficiency in production documentation, process optimization, and lean manufacturing principles.
* Customer Service: Strong customer service skills with the ability to address and resolve customer concerns effectively.
* Communication: Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
* Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.
* Safety: In-depth knowledge of safety regulations and best practices in manufacturing environments.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Certifications: Relevant certifications in project management, lean manufacturing, or Six Sigma.
* Software: Experience with manufacturing software and tools, such as ERP systems and CAD software.
* Industry Knowledge: Deep understanding of the regulatory landscape and industry standards for chemical, explosives, and energetics manufacturing.

US Salary Range

$170,000—$256,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
