---
title: Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '5091995007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5091995007?gh_jid=5091995007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-27T13:37:27-04:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
Anduril Rocket Motors is seeking a talented Test and Systems Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Huntsville, AL. In this role, you will be responsible for managing and verifying requirements for a critical space propulsion program. You will also aid in developing test processes, standards, and procedures. If you are someone who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and has a passion for contributing to national security, then this role is for you!  
 **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

+ Interface with stakeholders including internal programs and external customers to derive qualification requirements and develop robust test plans and approaches for verification
+ Provide technical leadership and guidance to the existing test team on multiple types of tests from subscale to solid rocket motor static tests
+ Participate in and drive key verification activities including subscale testing, environmental testing, and static testing of solid rocket motors
+ Develop and standardize test processes and procedures, including defining test CONOPs and identifying and evaluating and high-risk processes
+ Identify and work with suppliers and customers to outsource testing as necessary
+ Identify need for and develop new test capabilities at our production facility
+ Generate, review, and release work instructions, processes, and procedures
+ Present to peers and customers in safety reviews, Test Readiness Reviews, and others.
+ Support prototyping, manufacturing, and test operations onsite at our manufacturing facilities and suppliers’ facilities.
+ Develop artifacts based on stakeholder needs and work closely with functional areas to ensure artifacts are complete and accurate. Model Artifacts will often be contractual deliverables and require demonstration at stakeholder meetings and events.
+ This role will be critical proving that Anduril offers real Systems Engineering, Test, and Mission Systems Integration capabilities.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

+ B.S. in aerospace, mechanical, computer science or similar engineering or technical field.
+ 5+ years Systems or Test Engineering Experience across the life cycle. The more, the better.
+ Test experience, preferably propulsion and space related.
+ Strong technical leadership experience, initiative, and ownership over tasks
+ Experience documenting processes and procedures and producing on-floor work instructions/shop floor instructions
+ Understanding of rocket motors and propulsion systems used in missiles.
+ Basic knowledge of reliability engineering concepts and practices.
+ Experience with systems testing and evaluation methodologies.
+ Experience with Data Acquisition systems, instrumentation, and data post-processing
+ Experience with Systems Engineering, Requirements Elicitation and Management, Integration, and Test Activities on complex systems - DoD Weapon Systems, Space Systems, etc...
+ Outstanding communication skills to include presentation of developed artifacts.
+ Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
+ Experience creating and improving processes.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

+ Experience working with ordnance or energetic materials
+ Experience with SysML, DoDAF, UAFP, or similar.
+ Experience developing various model based system engineering artifacts - Operational Viewpoints, System Viewpoints, activity diagrams, use case diagrams, BDDs, IBDs, parametric diagrams, etc...
+ Experience with Cameo MagicDraw or similar systems engineering software (Rhapsody, SparxEA, etc...).
+ Experience with Digital Engineering workflows and Integrated Modeling Environments (i.e. Teamwork Cloud).
+ Experience with modeling of rocket motor systems.
+ Experience in one of the following areas; thermal analysis, structures, propellant chemistry.
+ Knowledge of reliability prediction techniques and failure mode analysis.
+ Experience with test planning, execution, and data analysis for complex systems.
+ Experience Cameo Simulation Toolkit plugin for Cameo MagicDraw.
+ Proficiency with Mathworks products (MATLAB, SIMULINK etc.).

US Salary Range

$132,000—$198,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
