---
title: Operations Coordinator, Test Sites
status: active
id: '5093480007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5093480007?gh_jid=5093480007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T13:34:40-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Test Sites : Test Sites'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test Engineering team works across the entire spectrum of products ranging from Lattice Ghost UAS, Sentry Tower, cUAS and our other platforms. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new aircraft development, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* This role will own the end-to-end test coordination process across all of our programs and multiple test sites. In doing so, this role will interact heavily with various internal stakeholders, such as hardware product managers, program managers, test engineers, EH&S, and facilities operations, as well as external stakeholders such as test range project managers, air space coordinators, frequency coordinators, site directors, and military groups.
* Establish and manage an in-take process for test event requirements.
* Test events come in all sizes and levels of complexity: short daily exercises with light on-the-ground support required to large multi-week training exercises involving multiple support and engineering teams. This role will work with stakeholders to schedule test events and ensure that resources, equipment, documentation, and communications are all being handled effectively to guarantee a successful test event.
* Maintain and communicate a comprehensive schedule of test events across all of Anduril’s internal and external test ranges.
* Support the internal test range website pages where in-take process, range capabilities overviews, safety protocols, personnel policies, operations manuals, and additional documentation is maintained.
* Support the T&E Manager in test evaluation and approval processes, documentation, communication with internal and external test range personnel, analysis, process and change management, and resource allocation.
* Maintain roster of test range relationships, both internal and external, so that Anduril has a broad reach and capability for testing.
* Travel: 25-50% between internal test ranges (like California, Texas, Oregon) and external partners (like Arizona, New Mexico, & Florida).

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Project management experience in technical fields
* Expertise in business systems: AirTable, Microsoft Office Suite, Asana, etc
* BS degree or high school diploma with 5 years of relevant experience

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working with DoD or DoE test ranges to coordinate flight tests
* Experience with cUAS, UAS, or other autonomous flight test programs

As an employee at a growing startup you will be given broad leeway to solve problems with the resources needed to win!  
  
Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
