---
title: ETTS Manager
status: active
id: '5093478007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5093478007?gh_jid=5093478007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T17:21:44-04:00'
location: Llanbedr, Wales, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Test Sites : Test Sites'
offices:
- Wales, UK (ETTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About the Role:**  
  
As the Test Site Manager for our Wales Test Site, you will be the driving force behind its daily operations and strategic development. This pivotal role demands exceptional leadership, operational acumen, and a hands-on approach to ensure the site is safe, secure, fully functional, and optimized for all personnel and activities. You will champion continuous improvement, manage complex projects, foster key relationships, and play a crucial role in enabling our mission-critical testing and operational success.  
 **What You'll Do:**

* Direct and manage all daily operations at the Wales Test Site, ensuring the site is safe, secure, fully functional, and compliant for all personnel and activities.
* Coordinate effectively with Test & Engineering (T&E) engineers, logistics, and other internal and external stakeholders.
* Monitor test site supplies and equipment, maintaining necessary inventory levels and ensuring optimal management and availability of demonstration and deployment inventory.
* Proactively identify and resolve all site issues, from utilities and maintenance to workplace services, fostering a productive and world-class work environment.
* Utilize data analytics to drive site efficiency, manage space usage, identify operational efficiencies, and champion continuous improvement initiatives across all site and facility functions.
* Lead and execute operational, workplace, and infrastructure projects (e.g., site development, office fit-outs, infrastructure upgrades) from conception to completion, managing budgets, timelines, and contractors.
* Address site issues by collaborating effectively with stakeholders, fostering a productive work environment.
* Develop and nurture relationships with key site vendors, landlords, and strategic partners crucial for site operations and growth

**Travel & Clearance:**

* Willingness to travel extensively (up to 25%) for site support and management duties.
* Ability to obtain a UK Security Check clearance promptly (and a U.S. Top Secret-Level security clearance, if required by the company).

**Required Qualifications:**

* Exceptional organizational and time management skills, with a proven track record of driving operational excellence and applying strategic insight to complex site and workplace challenges.
* Proven project management experience in technical environments, capable of leading projects and collaborating effectively with Test Engineers and diverse teams.
* Proven experience in a role requiring a blend of hands-on operational management and logistical support, ideally in an aerospace, defense, or complex engineering environment.
* Skilled in leveraging data and analytics to drive informed decision-making and measurable workplace enhancements.
* A self-starter with a high degree of ownership and the ability to operate independently, driving initiatives from conception to completion with minimal supervision.
* Meticulous attention to detail with a steadfast commitment to full compliance with all company policies, safety protocols, and regulatory mandates.
* Demonstrated proficiency in both verbal and written communication, capable of articulating complex information clearly to diverse audiences.
* Adept at resolving intricate, cross-functional problems with a people-centric approach.

**Education & Practical Skills:**

* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, or a Higher National Diploma with a minimum of four years of relevant professional experience.
* Ability to conduct manual handling of materials and equipment.
* Valid UK Driving License.

**Preferred Qualifications:**

* Experience working with military or highly regulated test ranges (e.g., DoD or MoD test ranges).
* Background in counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems (cUAS), Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), or other autonomous flight test programs.
* Experience overseeing operations across multiple locations.

US Salary Range

£75,000—£100,000 GBP

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
