---
title: Project Manager, Manufacturing
status: active
id: '5094636007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5094636007?gh_jid=5094636007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-03T11:50:40-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Project Manager to join our Composites Manufacturing team in North Carolina. This team designs and implements the manufacturing solutions to turn designs into prototypes rapidly, and subsequently transition composites manufacturing projects from development into full-rate production. In this role, you will directly manage and oversee execution of one or multiple projects. You will leverage a data-driven approach to project management ensuring on-time and on-budget delivery. Since manufacturing is the outcome that all other business functions have in common, you will collaborate widely across the organization with Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, Planning, Production, Facilities, and more.

The right person for this role will demonstrate holistic ownership in solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. You will build plans to reach outcomes and manage project execution with autonomy and independence while using proper judgement to escalate effectively when required.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* You will scope projects and own their execution from initiation through completion
* You will develop schedules and budgets for projects to ensure an on time and on budget delivery
* You will collaborate across the organization (Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, Planning, Production, Facilities,...) to deliver results
* You will collect data, build analyses, and present findings to leadership
* You will translate and drive action from metrics, KPIs, and reporting associated with monitoring project health and efficiency
* You will proactively identify, assess, and manage risks and opportunities, developing and implementing strategic response plans to ensure successful project delivery

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Full-time on site in Anduril’s Morrisville, NC facility
* 3+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, manufacturing operations, design engineering, consulting, change management, project management, program management, or engineering transformation
* Understanding of the product lifecycle (design/development/production), as well as the purpose of each phase and its associated importance for manufacturing readiness
* High EQ and ability to collaborate and influence across all levels and disciplines (individual contributor to senior leadership) to achieve results
* Proven ability to drive operational execution while also being able to step back and think strategically
* High level of comfort in ambiguous situations and ability to make decisions base on limited data
* Ability to create structure and implement new processes in a high growth environment - Identify needs, implement solutions and own the results
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience leading or managing organizational change
* 8+ years of experience overall in relevant domains
* Strong business acumen together with knowledge of hardware engineering and manufacturing domains
* Experience in Aerospace composites or other AS9100 manufacturing environments
* Experience in implementing digital systems PLM/ERP/MES
* Strong data analytics ability (pulling data from multiple systems and interpreting to drive outcomes)
* Experience successfully taking new products and/or production systems from development to full-scale production
* Deep knowledge of co-design, engineering, and manufacturing phases of the product lifecycle

## 

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
