---
title: Senior Electrical Engineering Technician, Drones
status: active
id: '5094334007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5094334007?gh_jid=5094334007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T10:34:02-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Launched Effects Engineering : TRS Electrical Engineering
  - General'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

You will join a dynamic R&D Engineering team focused on designing, prototyping, and deploying cutting-edge electro-mechanical systems for autonomous drones. The team thrives on rapid iteration, cross-functional collaboration, and delivering high-quality hardware in challenging environments. As part of this group, you will work closely with design engineers, firmware/software teams, and test specialists to bring new capabilities from concept to field‐ready deployment.  
  
As a Senior Electrical Engineering Technician, you will be a hands-on enabler of both prototype and pre-production hardware related to autonomous drone systems. This role includes building complex electromechanical assemblies and integrating them into final products. You will support multiple projects by handling assembly, rework, test setup, maintenance, and field readiness activities. This role is essential to keep engineering momentum high, ensuring hardware is built to specification, tested thoroughly, and maintained to perform reliably under operational conditions.

### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to ensure timely completion of hardware development tasks.
* Build complex electromechanical assemblies, solder electronic modules (including PCBAs), modify COTS components, and flash/load software and firmware onto devices.
* Perform precision PCB rework, including fine-pitch soldering, component replacement, jumper installation, and wiring modifications.
* Build cable assemblies and wiring harnesses, including crimping, termination, continuity testing, and labeling.
* Fabricate simple test fixtures, electronic test boxes, jigs, adapters, and harnesses to support engineering workflows.
* Support board-level bring-up testing, engineering verification testing, and regression testing across development phases.
* Troubleshoot electrical assemblies and subassemblies, identifying faults or performance issues under engineering guidance.
* Document build steps, test results, rework performed, and lessons learned to improve repeatability and traceability.
* Maintain lab organization, including ESD-safe practices, tool calibration, equipment upkeep & maintenance, and inventory tracking.
* Traveling to suppliers and test sites to support our engineering teams.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum 4 years experience as an engineering technician working in an R&D environment.
* Solid background in electronics working in relevant fields (Robotics, Defense, Avionics). Familiarity with electrical engineering principles and concepts.
* Hands-on experience with building electro-mechanical hardware, including PCBAs and wiring harnesses.
* Ability to read, understand, and build from PCBA schematics & drawings, cable assembly drawings, and test procedures, without the need to have detailed assembly instructions.
* Proficiency with PCB rework: component removal and replacement down to 0201, wiring modifications, connector/cable work.
* Strong troubleshooting experience of electrical assemblies at the board and component levels. Ability to identify failure modes, and work with engineers to resolve issues.
* Familiarity with basic electrical test equipment such as DMMs, power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, data acquisition and measurement sensors.
* Excellent attention to detail and extremely organized.
* Commitment to a high-quality product and strong sense of personal accountability.
* Comfortable working in fast-paced R&D environment; adaptable as designs and requirements evolve.
* Has a never-ending sense of urgency and enthusiasm.
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Associate level degree in electronics/electrical assembly or equivalent.
* Strong understanding of PCBs, PCBAs, prototyping and assembly techniques.
* Familiarity with IPC Quality Standards, IPC-A-610, IPC/WHMA-A-620, and other assembly and inspection standards.
* Experience with electrical CAD tools such as Altium, Rapid Harness or other EWIS software.
* Prior experience working with JIRA, Teamcenter (PLM), Oracle (ERP) or equivalent.

US Hourly Range

$54.33—$71.63 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
