---
title: Test & Evaluation Systems Integrator - Mission Autonomy
status: active
id: '5095377007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5095377007?gh_jid=5095377007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T21:42:44-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T17:42:49-04:00'
location: San Clemente, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation Systems Integrator will be responsible for integrating and testing software and hardware systems to ensure they function together seamlessly. This role requires a strong understanding of both software and hardware components, as well as experience in networking and hardware integration.  
  
The ideal candidate will be proficient in command-line environments, possess strong low-level hardware integration skills, and demonstrate extensive experience operating fixed wing, VTOL, and jet-powered UAS. They will be responsible for implementing test plans, evaluating system performance, and identifying areas for improvement. The T&E Systems Integrator will also be responsible for integrating new hardware and software components into new and existing systems, ensuring compatibility and optimal performance.  
  
**What You’ll Do**:

* Lead and direct UAS integration projects from conception through implementation, exercising discretion in design decisions, construction methodologies, and testing protocols to transform concepts into functioning hardware and software
* Lead Flight Test Operations as an RPIC, including independent determination of aircraft readiness requirements, creation of mission profiles, and establishment of safety protocols and procedures
* Act as safety pilot on a wide range of aircraft platforms, exercising independent judgment in making critical safety decisions during complex and fast-paced testing operations
* Analyze and resolve complex software and hardware issues, independently determining appropriate troubleshooting methodologies and solutions
* Integrate new hardware and software components into new and existing systems, exercising technical discretion in compatibility and optimization decisions
* Conduct comprehensive evaluations of system performance and recommend areas for improvement
* Configure a mesh network to enable system-to-system communication for testing and evaluation purposes
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure integration and test requirements are met
* Provide technical guidance and support to team members

**Required Qualifications**:

* Proven experience integrating and testing software and hardware systems
* Experience using a computer terminal (i.e. Linux)
* Strong knowledge of networking protocols and technologies
* Experience with prototyping, 3D printing, laser cutting, and working with composite materials.
* Experience with hardware integration, including experience with interfacing sensors, actuators, and other peripherals
* Familiarity with testing methodologies and tools
* Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and apply them effectively, and the capacity to organize and coordinate work effectively
* Strong problem-solving skills and ability to troubleshoot issues
* Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities
* Able to work extended hours as required
* Strong familiarity with Pixhawk, PX4 and other flight controllers
* Obtain and maintain a FAA part 107 certificate

**Preferred qualifications**:

* Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution.
* RC pilot experience on both Group 3 rotary and fixed wing UAVs
* Good understanding of aircraft/system performance and log data analysis
* Experience with scripting languages
* Familiarity with version control systems
* Experience with embedded systems
* Familiarity with test automation tools and frameworks

US Hourly Range

$41—$54 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
