---
title: Manager, Supplier Quality
status: active
id: '5096947007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5096947007?gh_jid=5096947007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T17:31:08-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB** 

As a Supplier Quality Engineering Manager, you will work inside and outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that produce high quality and reliable precision machined parts used across all product lines. This is a leadership position accountable for the growth and performance of the SQE Precision Mechanical team. This role involves driving early engagement with internal design and sourcing teams as well as strong collaboration and effective partnerships with suppliers to meet quality requirements the first time every time. The right person for this role also has hands-on knowledge of manufacturing, supply chain management, supplier development, systems criteria, metrology, and continuous improvement. Success here will take the form of extreme ownership in delivering results and supporting Anduril's mission.  

 **WHAT YOU’LL DO** 

* Collaborate with design teams to support the product development process, provide design for manufacturability feedback, and generate product data for precision mechanical parts that lead to supplier quality success.
* Leverage your knowledge and expertise of machining, molding, additive manufacturing, fabrication, and inspection/measurement to elevate the internal Anduril design process by providing leadership managing supplier technical risks from proof-of-concept prototypes to scaled volume production.
* Partner with supply chain to deliver predictable supply and overall supplier performance for cost, quality, delivery, and fulfillment of production needs by managing alignment between product requirements and supplier capabilities.
* Drive supplier quality with product quality engineering and program management throughout the product development process through review, validation, and qualification of precision components and mechanical sub-assemblies.
* Own the mitigation of supplier risk and improvement of quality and reliability by directing supplier qualification activities (audit, FAIR, PPAP) to meet compliance in accordance with program and product requirements across the product lifecycle.
* Champion continuous improvement in supplier quality, rate, and delivery performance by reviewing the effectiveness of supplier corrective action and responses (SCARs) and share lessons learned across the product teams.
* Define and structure key performance indicators (KPIs) and effectively use data to establish critical strategies for supplier readiness across multiple sites and production locations.
* Anticipate and create growth strategies for the team that impact the speed of development as well as ongoing supplier quality performance, involving coaching/mentoring and occasionally leading training on quality methods.
* Recruit, hire, and onboard SQEs to make a positive impact to Anduril's culture and mission.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field.
* Minimum of 10 years of supplier or operations quality management.
* Experience with producing precision mechanical parts for aerospace or defense.
* Experience evaluating and auditing suppliers and manufacturing processes.
* Experience performing First Article Inspection to AS9102 industry standard and ensuring suppliers have control plans and inspection processes that are capable of meeting product requirements.
* Experience with driving supplier performance and evaluation.
* Working knowledge of AS9100 / ISO9001based Quality Management System requirements. AS9100 Lead / Internal Auditor Certification is a plus.
* Working knowledge of quality methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to take projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experience with data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance
* Must be able to travel up to 10% of the time to suppliers and manufacturing locations.

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* Experience in creating training plans, staffing plans, and hiring plans.
* Experience in scaling supplier capabilities and quality from prototype and engineering validation parts to low rate production to high rate production.
* Experience managing source inspection at mechanical manufacturing suppliers, aerospace and defense suppliers is a plus.
* Experience managing special processes including heat treatment, polishing, anodize, coating and paint.
* Experience in creating material and process specifications
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements
* Experience with Teamcenter, NX, Oracle/Netsuite, Jira, and Foundry

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
