---
title: Systems Security Engineer Anti-Tamper
status: active
id: '5098387007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5098387007?gh_jid=5098387007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T14:31:39-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Information Security : Program Protection'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

At Anduril we are developing cutting-edge artificial intelligence systems, command and control platforms, and autonomous systems across air, land, maritime, and space domains. We are looking for Systems Security Engineers to lead a mission-focused, threat-informed approach to Anti-Tamper Engineering for the next generation of Anduril’s autonomous systems. In order to be successful at Anduril, a Systems Security Engineer needs to be fluent in areas of technical leadership, requirements analysis, design rigor, customer & stakeholder engagement and have a hands-on contributor mindset. This role will drive system security engineering principles into design and integration with other systems internal and external to Anduril. In short, this individual will own the execution of all security aspects of product development, production, and sustainment through the entire product lifecycle to ensure product resiliency in both export and US customer contracts.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Identify Critical Program Information (CPI) for various cutting-edge systems, including within the air, land, maritime, and space domains
* Design and implement Anti-Tamper mitigations to deter, detect, delay, and react to reverse engineering attempts
* Develop Anti-Tamper Plans and designs in concert with government personnel to mitigate security risks and maintain system performance
* Integrate holistic Systems Security Engineering processes
* Champion system security architecture development and requirements derivation, decomposition, and flow down for Anduril products with varying levels of system design maturity
* Design system and solution features with engineering teams to meet and exceed industry-standard security goals
* Consult and influence software, RF and electrical engineering architectures, features, and implementations
* Identify and prioritize mission-based security risks, translating complex threat landscapes into actionable engineering decisions
* Develop, document, orchestrate, and execute system security tests, demonstrations, evaluations, and assessments (including support for customer-led events)
* Develop, guide, and monitor technical documentation to capture trade studies, system designs, analyses, and results related to a system's security posture
* Support technical work products developed by the larger engineering team and support major milestone deliveries (e.g. SRR, SVR, PDR, CDR, TRR, PRR).

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in one or more of the following fields: Anti-Tamper Engineering, Systems Security Engineering, Cybersecurity, Systems Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science
* Proven track record of excelling across the broader Systems Security Engineering domain, encompassing embedded Program Protection Implementation Plans, Software Security, and Anti-Tamper Engineering
* Experience executing the Anti-Tamper process and authoring associated documentation
* Experience with Systems Security Engineering, reverse engineering, or embedded security on DoD programs
* Familiarity with Cybersecurity, Software Assurance, and Supply Chain Risk Management. To support program protection implementation on embedded weapon systems.
* Strong understanding of the "why" behind the product, systems, and security design
* Passion for continuous learning, particularly within security
* Desire for working in a fast-paced, continuously challenging environment
* Ability to effectively brief and interact regularly with a technically oriented government customer
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance with SAP and Top Secret eligibility

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Expertise with Anti-Tamper methodologies for protecting critical program information
* Experience with embedded systems security including FPGA security, micro-electronics security, and hardware-based security solutions
* Implementation experience with security architectures for autonomous platforms, unmanned systems, embedded weapon systems, secure communications, or intelligence collection platforms
* Experience implementing security architectures for Group 3+ Unmanned Aircraft Systems or military aviation platforms, including fighters and tactical aircraft with integrated weapons systems
* Experience developing cryptographic solutions including key management systems
* Experience with embedded security architectures and techniques
* Experience with team leadership, mentoring, coaching, and teaching
* Experience with system design documentation in No Magic CAMEO
* Experience with security testing on DoD systems
* Experience with various operating systems including embedded Linux
* Leader by example
* Active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
