---
title: Supply Chain Systems Analyst, WMS
status: active
id: '5098828007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5098828007?gh_jid=5098828007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-02T21:21:27-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Tech & Optimization'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**   
We are seeking an experienced Supply Chain System Program Manager to lead and enhance our Odoo-based Warehouse Management System (WMS) within the Supply Chain Technology & Optimization team. In this role, you will own the full end-to-end WMS enhancement and optimization process on the Business side, encompassing administrative, strategic, and program management aspects of our WMS continuous enhancement program and end-user process innovation. Your expertise will be pivotal in liaising with IT/Corp Tech teams to drive a successful WMS implementation that optimizes warehouse operations within our Supply Chain and Inventory teams and supports the growth of our production footprint.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Serve as Anduril’s Supply Chain Inventory Management Systems Point of Contact and WMS subject matter expert.
* Deep understanding of WMS architecture and design, as well as the integrations landscape between WMS, ERP and other Enterprise systems.
* Develop and communicate strategic plans for WMS implementation and continuous enhancement.
* Gather requirements, track bugs, manage the backlog, and prioritize enhancements for the WMS and collaborate with CorpTech/IT to execute against the enhancement roadmap. Partner strongly with CorpTech/IT partners to deliver meaningless process and system efficiencies within the WMS/Inventory space for Supply Chain.
* Collaborate with members of the Supply Chain Business Systems team to ensure streamlined implementation of cross-functional process innovation and system changes.
* Drive adoption on the warehouse floor through comprehensive documentation, training sessions, and ongoing support for system users.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in data analytics, supply chain management, or related field.
* 5+ years experience running Business Systems implementations and/or continuous enhancement cycles, in partnership with IT/Corp Tech teams to deliver impactful results, actionable business insights and process innovation.
* 3+ years of experience working within and/or supporting Supply Chain, Procurement, Operations and/or Warehouse/Inventory teams.
* 8+ years of demonstrated experience owning and driving complex programs or projects
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Ashville, OH

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience implementing/optimizing Supply Chain Enterprise Systems (WMS, ERP, TMS, YMS, EDI, etc.) and adjacent modules.
* Experience with Odoo-WMS
* Exceptional problem-solving skills, capable of navigating and balancing complex technical trade-offs
* Strong communication and collaborative skills for cross-functional teamwork
* Ability to thrive in ambiguous environments and drive clarity through structured planning and execution

US Salary Range

$99,000—$131,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
