---
title: Electrical Engineer - Test Design
status: active
id: '5099634007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5099634007?gh_jid=5099634007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-03T18:27:06-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Electrical Test Engineering team at Anduril develops test systems used to ensure the quality and reliability of our aerial and ground based systems. The team works on air vehicles such as Roadrunner, Ghost, Anvil and Fury and develop complex manufacturing test solutions to our internal manufacturing team or contract manufacturers. We work closely and cross-functionally with the rest of our Product Engineering groups that include Electrical, Mechanical and Firmware Engineering to solve and improve our manufacturing process, product quality and reliability.  
  
We are looking to bring on a Electrical Engineer - Test Design to design and deliver test systems for Anduril’s electronic products. This person will work with the test of the organization to identify gaps in test coverage and own the design and delivery of the hardware and software test solution. A strong Test Design Engineer will need to have a proven track record of delivering turn key test solution for electronic components and systems and has a background in hardware, software, integration and sustainment.  
  
WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead End of Line test plan definition for new products and new features, in collaboration with firmware, software, and hardware design teams
* Determine test strategies that optimize product safety, product reliability, risk mitigation, FMEA coverage, and schedule
* Design and execution of PCBA and electrical system components with hands on testing and rework as necessary
* Data analysis and clear communication of results and collaboration with design engineers to resolve any product problems found via test
* Design and implement next generation test automation hardware systems to facilitate fast and repeatable testing of product
* Executing on purchasing, build, integration and final commissioning of functional testers
* Develop test procedures and test automation from component level to system level
* Support board bring-up and bench validation as needed
* Support Design Engineer with DFT, provide feedback from test results to improve quality and test coverage
* Support manufacturing test bring-up and yield
* Participate in design reviews

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* 5+ years of hands on electrical engineering experience designing functional test equipment
* 2+ years of experience in Schematic Capture and/or PCBA layout. Experience with Altium Designer is a plus
* Experience in scripting language to develop automation. C/C++/C#, Python, MATLAB. Experience in LabVIEW is a plus
* Experience with peripherals and developing test and validation strategies
* Experience with communication bus protocols: USB, I2C, I2S, CSI, Ethernet, SPI, PCIe, HDMI, CAN, serial comms, etc
* Collaborate with a cross-functional team to support product development from prototype to production
* Understanding of lab safety protocols when working in all types of lab environment
* Familiarity with measurement analysis techniques such as Gage RR and Process Capability Analysis
* Understanding both hardware and software integration and test process
* Experience with source code revision and control. Experience with GitHub is a plus
* Clearance eligible

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* Proficiency in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and VISIO
* A detail-oriented individual who thrives in an environment that values effective team collaboration
* Understanding of Product Release Cycle from prototype to production and key deliverables of each phase
* Experience RF test equipment such as Vector Network Analyzers, Spectrum Analyzers, Signal Generators, and Power Meters
* Experience with testing RF components like power amplifiers, transmitters, receivers, and filters

US Salary Range

$129,000—$161,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
