---
title: Engineering Development Technician
status: active
id: '5099166007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5099166007?gh_jid=5099166007
lastmod: '2026-06-10T17:17:41-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T18:31:01-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

The Engineering Development Technician will be a hands-on liaison with engineering, helping to carry out ideas from concept to reality. A strong background in troubleshooting, manufacturing, R&D, and qualification testing is desired. Working directly with the product engineering team, this position will primarily support the manufacturing and development of Anduril's drone products within the Tactical Recon and Strike division. The goal of the team is to support new product engineering through all phases of product life-cycles, including build and test of pre-production, qualification, and flight hardware, as well as supporting existing production lines and managing rework of non-conforming hardware. As a development technician, you will also be responsible for supporting engineering on planned and unplanned repairs, modifications, and upgrades of engineering development test fleet. The ideal candidate is highly skilled in mechanical and electrical disciplines, hands-on, flexible, a quick learner, works well in a fast-paced environment, and possesses a can-do attitude.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Support new product engineering during development and pre-production phases of hardware life-cycles, including building pre-production, qualification, and production hardware.
* Assist with transitioning product lines from engineering development to full rate production.
* Support new product engineering in the setup and activation of production lines and development/qualification of hardware test setups.
* Support new product engineering in rework and recovery efforts on non-conforming hardware.
* Assist with maintenance/upgrades of HITL and engineering vehicle fleet.
* Provide detailed feedback to engineering team on process improvements, common issues, line layout, and work instructions.
* Train production technicians during transition of product from pilot line to full rate production
* Create detailed quality issue documentation for issues that occur during builds.
* Maintain engineering pilot line and tool storage.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
* 5+ years of experience in manufacturing, mechanical builds, equipment assembly/test.
* Must be able to lift 25 lbs unassisted.
* Must be able to climb ladders and be comfortable working in tight spaces.
* Must be able to move repetitively, bend or twist, and use hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls.
* Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed.
* Must be willing to travel up to 20%.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICICATIONS**

* Experience working with engineers in development and production environments.
* Able to work independently and problem solve efficiently with minimal supervision.
* Positive attitude and able to work well on a team.
* Willingness to provide constructive feedback to the engineering and production teams to improve tooling designs, processes and parts.
* Able to stay organized with strong attention to detail.
* Able to read and interpret wiring schematics and assembly drawings.
* Proficient with Teamcenter, Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.

US Hourly Range

$41.35—$54.80 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
