---
title: Launch Service Mission Manager
status: active
id: '5099255007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5099255007?gh_jid=5099255007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-03T14:27:51-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a**Launch Service Mission Manager** to join our rapidly growing team in **Costa Mesa, CA**. In this role, you will be responsible for owning the interface between the spacecraft and launch providers for all of Anduril’s spacecraft. You will be responsible for the coordination of all deliverables to the launch provider and act as the primary point of contact for all things launch to Anduril’s spacecraft customers. The Launch Integration team will work closely with related teams, such as the mechanical and structural spacecraft design, systems engineer, electrical design, program management, spacecraft mission operations, etc. to ensure requirements satisfaction across all launch platforms including commercial rideshare, national security space launch.  
  
This role is tied to ongoing, funded programs within Anduril’s Space Business Line. The programs require building and fielding a resilient, software-defined spacecraft systems across numerous mission threads. We work with mission partners and customers to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own the launch integration plans and procedures for various spacecraft programs launching to all orbital regimes
* Provide all deliverables to the launch providers to enable launch integrations at various payload processing facilities
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next steps
* Coordinate with launch providers, customers, and internal spacecraft engineering teams to turn ensure satisfaction of all launch provider requirements for spacecraft and payloads
* Support challenging schedules during ground testing, launch windows and on-orbit operations of the spacecraft systems
* Work with other teams and government agencies to achieve the required licenses (FCC, NOAA, etc) and comply with regulations for launching spacecraft

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or other engineering degree
* 3+ years of professional launch experience
* Experience conducting launch integration operations with an emphasis on safety and reliability
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight
* Clear communication and organizational skills including documentation and training material
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Willingness to support launch-related travel as needed

#### **PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS**

* Experience with coding or automating functions to improve efficiency and delivery to customers and launch providers
* A desire to work on critical spacecraft systems in support of the US government and our allies
* Experience working with launch vehicles, spacecraft and other systems
* Experience supporting spacecraft environmental test campaigns
* Experience designing and integrating mechanical and electrical ground support equipment for spacecraft environmental test campaigns and launch integration campaigns
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
