---
title: Senior Firmware Engineer
status: active
id: '5099219007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5099219007?gh_jid=5099219007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T17:28:26-04:00'
date: '2026-04-03T18:09:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are looking for a Senior Firmware Engineer with experience developing low-level software/firmware for embedded systems products to join our team. In this role, you will develop and deliver features to the firmware layer which underpins the operations of all Tactical Recon & Strike products.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop robust, high-confidence software/firmware for microcontrollers, create reusable device drivers, and architect system-level features to support desired product functionality.
* Exercise deep product ownership, driving program-level efforts to maximize customer impact.
* Provide mentorship to junior engineers and level-up the overall capability of the TRS Firmware team.
* Work cross-functionally with Electrical, Software, and Product Design teams to ensure program success, from prototype design through to customer deployment.
* Proactively identify opportunities for improvement at both the team and program level, and deliver solutions to realize those improvements.
* Enable rapid development iteration by coordinating new-hardware bringup and quickly troubleshooting hardware issues that span the electrical, firmware, and software boundaries.
* Coordinate firmware support for Test Engineering to ensure the high-yield production and manufacture of hardware products.
* Support product field testing to quantify customer value and identify firmware feature opportunities with high program impact.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of experience developing software/firmware for embedded systems.
* MS in CS/CE/EE or equivalent industry experience.
* Demonstrated track record of technical leadership and product ownership.
* Extensive experience integrating microcontrollers with analog and digital sensors and developing firmware application logic in bare-metal or RTOS environments.
* Outstanding C coding ability and deep familiarity with the language standard.
* Solid understanding and application of software development best practices, software/hardware debugging approaches, and board bringup methodology.
* Practical experience with common IC bus protocols such as I2C, SPI, USB, CAN, RS232, RS485, Ethernet, etc.
* Exemplary written and verbal communication skills.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with the implementation details of one or more microcontroller cores (ARM, AVR, MSP430, PIC, etc.)
* Direct experience implementing firmware applications interfacing with CAN peripherals.
* Firmware/hardware debugging skills with JTAG, SWD, Oscilloscopes, and logic analyzers.
* Experience with test-driven development for embedded systems, hardware-in-the-loop testing, and devops for firmware applications.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
