---
title: Director, International Trade Compliance
status: active
id: '5100621007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5100621007?gh_jid=5100621007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T18:22:22-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Legal : Compliance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Maneuver Dominance (MD) Team at Anduril aggressively develops aerial robotic systems designed to operate in large coordinated teams. We leverage and capitalize on existing Anduril platforms, bring in 3rd party platforms into Anduril’s Lattice ecosystem, and develop new systems as appropriate. We develop breakthrough perception and autonomy algorithms to solve the hardest problems facing our customers. We are seeking an experienced international trade compliance leader with strategic vision to help build a best-in-class trade compliance program supporting MD.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a International Trade Compliance Director to join our forward-thinking team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for driving international trade strategy, initiatives, and policies to thoughtfully guide the development of commercial dual-use technology across the globe. The role will be a key interface between engineering, program management, compliance, and senior leadership to ensure that product teams are in line with engineering goals and compliance frameworks. This person will be responsible for designing and managing controls plans for MD’s commercial dual-use platforms across the globe and ensuring compliance for U.S. and global export control regulations. You will provide strategic guidance and regulatory expertise, shaping and achieving positive outcomes for MD positions on jurisdiction and classification (J/C) determinations and export compliance in accordance with company policy.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Embed with program staff to develop and maintain tight program controls for commercial dual-use and export controlled technology for civil and defense customers
* Partner with senior leadership to shape strategic direction and turn trade compliance planning into action. Make key decisions that drive operational success, and help translate high-level trade compliance goals into clear priorities for the organization.
* Play a critical role in developing trade compliance policies and be responsible for outcomes that balance compliance and business priorities.
* Design and implement trade compliance policies, protections, and infrastructure to ensure engineering/ program development meets schedule objectives
* Coordinate with external partners (e.g., commercial suppliers, US Government, foreign private or Government agencies) to ensure product roadmaps align with internal compliance posture and pivot accordingly
* Drive consistent export classification processes across MD global operations
* Develop classification decision rationale, heuristics and methodology for MD programs to improve efficiency in classification while maintaining accuracy
* Leverage AI for rapid risk-mitigated determinations
* Deploy and maintain J/C training curricula and robust methodologies to meet cost and performance metrics
* Oversee MD export authorizations, ensuring compliance with license scope, provisos and associated conditions
* Support the logistics team on hardware exports and controlled imports
* Provide guidance and training to MD staff on ITAR, EAR and international regulations
* Perform compliance assessments of export/import authorizations and related transactions and assist in any investigations of potential compliance issues
* Lead working groups, independent projects, and collaborative efforts with within the compliance function or cross-functionally driving ITC program enhancements
* Support and implement corrective actions that result from compliance issues
* Develop strategy for multi-jurisdictional cross collaborative environments for data repositories (e.g. GitHub)
* Navigate co-production and co-development projects across multiple countries, ensuring compliance with US export regulations and international trade laws

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Ability to travel up to 25%
* Understanding of engineering concepts across software and hardware and development principles to be able to craft policies and procedures to segregate commercial and export controlled technology development
* 15+ Years’ experience managing and providing subject matter-level expertise navigating and providing strategic advice concerning international trade regulations (e.g., Australia, EU, U.S. and UK).
* 10+ years experience in product development, defense technology, startups, defense contracting or similar
* 5+ years experience in trade compliance, international trade controls, international contracts management
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret clearance
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities
* A superpower for smashing through regulatory roadblocks

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in group 3-5 UAS or robotic systems product development or concepts
* Extensive experience with US DoD contracts and foreign defense contract
* Experience in managing development infrastructure and training technical teams
* Experience designing and implementing technology control plans
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret clearance
* An understanding of the distinctive's and intersection of Lean Product and Process Development, Agile Software Development, and Lean Production
* Knowledge of exportability considerations and experience incorporating export control compliance into product development plans
* Familiarity with ATF import regulations and the ability to classify products accordingly
* Understanding of Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) guidelines and U.S UAS Policy

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
