---
title: Portfolio Operations, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5101555007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5101555007?gh_jid=5101555007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T17:16:43-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As Portfolio Operations, you will work directly with the Operations Lead and Head of Operations to scale our footprint from Reston, VA and run business operations for our Intelligence Division. In this role, you will partner with leadership and teams from across the business — from our engineering and manufacturing teams to our IT, Security, and G&A teams to our core internal operations teams — to unpack ambiguous problems and build lasting, scalable solutions. Your work will vary from quick-turn operational fire-fighting, building and redesigning processes, to leading high-impact and specialized projects — all in the mission of growing one of our newest Business Lines at Anduril. The Operations team for Intelligence Systems at Anduril has three primary responsibilities:

1. Standing up the operational processes for our Program Execution team. We work with the Program Execution team to ensure we are enabling world-class program managers to execute against contracts with ease - whether it’s streamlining business processes, documenting workflows, and strengthen our data-capture and analytics capabilities, to delivering actionable insights that inform leadership decisions and optimize business outcomes.
2. We’re expanding our footprint across 3x locations and the Operations team is the glue across cross-functional teams (Program Execution, IT, Security, Facility Operations, Engineering, Manufacturing) at Anduril to execute the expansion flawlessly and with speed. Once the site is up and running, we need to ensure our internal operations are humming.
3. Special projects. We are frequently pulled into high priority problems that must be solved, but do not fall neatly into the purview of an existing person’s job description. Our team is one of the first to get tapped when a complex or unexpected challenge requires a creative solution.

Much of the time, these core responsibilities go hand-in-hand.  
  
As Portfolio Operations, you will be critical to supporting all of these responsibilities. While the Intelligence Systems team will be your team, you will often be working across the business, working cross-functionally with leaders and teams throughout the organization to solve messy problems, set up new processes, capture data, action upon it, and enable others to do the same.

* Own operational projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation. You will often be handed ambiguous problems with little prescription on how to solve them.
* Execute analyses on short-timelines to get answers quickly, while also owning more scalable solutions that will make Intelligence Systems successful in the long term.
* Project manage across many stakeholders. If you don’t like being the person leading meetings with large groups of people or managing large comms channels to wrangle stakeholders towards a solution, this may not be the role for you.
* Work across functions and learn Anduril’s business top-to-bottom. You will interact with Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Engineering, HR, Recruiting, Growth, and more. The Operations team is one of the most cross-functional teams at Anduril.
* Set up structures and processes that enable the Division to scale our people and physical footprint, while ensuring mature programs are operating at peak efficiency and impact.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* 5+ years of experience in management consulting, internal operations, or business operations role.
* Project management experience including: requirements gathering, analysis, design, testing, deployment, training, and delivery.
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move. We’d rather have to tell you to slow down than to speed up.
* You lean into acknowledging your weaknesses and take the idea of feedback and growth seriously.
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time translating problems into proposed solutions, and to then going and executing on them.
* You have an appetite to build clear frameworks to structure problems.
* You’re highly analytical and love solving complex, cross-functional problems in a people centric way.
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility.
* You’re discerning, have an aptitude for rapid learning, and assimilating new information to swiftly become proficient in unfamiliar subject areas and technologies.
* You’re tactical and don’t only sit at a 30,000 foot level.
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership. This should excite you!
* Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* **Business Process Analysis**: Analyze and document business processes, workflows, and system requirements to support AIS objectives and compliance needs, ensuring alignment with industry best practices.
* **Requirements Gathering**: Gather, validate, and prioritize requirements from internal stakeholders and government clients, ensuring deliverables align with project scope and strategic goals.
* **Documentation Development**: Develop and maintain comprehensive process documentation, business requirements documents, and functional specifications to support project execution.
* **Data Analysis**: Conduct advanced data analysis to identify trends, performance metrics, and opportunities for operational improvements, providing actionable insights to stakeholders. Learn how to leverage data to create insights and analytics (leveraging tools like Excel, Palantir Foundry, etc.), equipping functional teams with these insights and tools to measure and improve their processes and enabling downstream planning.
* **Visual Communication**: Create high-quality strategy and operations presentations that distill complex program data into clear, compelling visuals for leadership and client presentations.
* **Stakeholder Liaison**: Serve as a primary liaison between technical teams, TPMs, and AIS stakeholders to foster clear communication, alignment, and collaboration on project objectives.
* **Vendor Management**: Manage relationships with business partners (subcontractors, consultants, vendors) to ensure quality, timely delivery, and adherence to contractual obligations.
* **Performance Monitoring**: Monitor business partner performance, resolve conflicts, escalate issues to leadership, and recommend corrective actions as needed.
* **Strategic Recommendations**: Provide strategic recommendations to leadership regarding vendor management, cost optimization, and opportunities for new partnerships, aligning with organizational objectives.
* **Continuous Improvement**: Actively identify areas for process improvements and system enhancements, facilitating workshops and brainstorming sessions with stakeholders to drive innovation.
* **Training and Support**: Develop and deliver training materials and sessions for end-users to ensure effective adoption of new systems and processes.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
