---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Turbine Engines
status: active
id: '5101864007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5101864007?gh_jid=5101864007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T21:14:12-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Industries is seeking a skilled and innovative Turbomachinery Senior Manufacturing Engineer to join our growing team. The ideal candidate will play a crucial role in developing and optimizing manufacturing processes for advanced turbine engines and their precision components used in our cutting-edge defense systems.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate past holistic ownership on solving a technical challenge with a creative, physical, solution that they either personally manufacturing or oversaw manufacturing on, in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design, develop, and implement robust, efficient, and high-quality manufacturing processes for advanced turbine engines and their precision components, from concept to production.
* Specify, design, procure, and validate necessary tooling, fixtures, and manufacturing equipment to support production goals and process requirements.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure manufacturability of turbomachinery designs, including DFx principles.
* Optimize existing manufacturing processes to improve efficiency, quality, and cost-effectiveness.
* Develop and maintain manufacturing documentation, including work instructions, process flow diagrams, and quality control plans
* Conduct root cause analysis for manufacturing defects, non-conformances, or process inefficiencies, and implement effective corrective and preventive actions.
* Evaluate and implement new manufacturing technologies and methodologies.
* Ensure compliance with quality standards, safety regulations, and environmental requirements.
* Manage projects related to turbomachinery manufacturing improvements and capacity expansion.
* Provide technical support to production teams and train personnel on new processes and equipment.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or related field; Master's degree preferred.
* 8+ years of progressive experience in turbomachinery component manufacturing, aerospace, defense, or high-performance industrial gas turbine industries.
* Experience with CAD/CAM software, preferably NX or similar.
* Familiarity with CNC machining, additive manufacturing, and other advanced manufacturing technologies.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
* Strong communication and teamwork skills.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience integrating automation, robotics, or advanced metrology systems (e.g., CMM, optical scanning) into manufacturing workflows.
* Owned end-to-end equipment development and implementation
* Designing and fabricating tooling, such as mandrels and other fixture jigs

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
