---
title: Senior Test & Evaluation Engineer, Cyber
status: active
id: '5102501007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102501007?gh_jid=5102501007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T17:58:55-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T15:02:13-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Test and Evaluation Engineering is actively seeking a dynamic and highly motivated Senior Test & Evaluation Engineer with a specialization in cyber operational testing. In this role, you will support the Discovery business line by contributing your technical expertise and fostering strategic collaboration across various teams. This includes working closely with program leadership, supporting companies, and government partners.  
  
As a valued member of our team, you will play an integral role in developing and testing innovative solutions designed to address real-world challenges. A significant part of your role will involve working with both our simulation platform, as well as, testing and evaluating new capabilities at test ranges. This position underscores the importance of an iterative approach to our operations - design, test, field, and refine - thereby driving continuous improvement of our systems and services.  
  
*The Test Engineering team works across the entire spectrum of products ranging from Lattice, Ghost UAS, Sentry Tower, cUAS and our other platforms. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new aircraft development, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.*

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* As a Test and Evaluation (T&E) engineer, under minimal supervision, you will determine and develop various approaches to achieve T&E goals and help guide and perform the completion of test activities
* Own testing and evaluation requirements for the program(s) you are assigned
* Support execution of testing at private and government owned test ranges
* Internally deconflict test events with other Anduril programs and efforts
* Responsible for safe operation of all testing efforts in accordance with established operating procedures and practices
* Work closely with other engineers to discuss test results, collected data, and observations.
* Collect and perform initial test data analysis for the system under test.
* Document test procedures and results, providing detailed reports for engineering teams and stakeholders.
* Coordinate with government test ranges to test and evaluate systems and software.
* Coordinate with the customer and Anduril security teams to conduct testing of classified capabilities in an unclassified setting while ensuring adherence to all protocols
* Integrate Anduril’s Test and Evaluation process into the program and ensure adherence throughout the life of the program.
* Collaborate with Program Management and Technical Leads to define future program support needs to ensure successful system testing and validation.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering or a related technical field from an accredited institution
* Current Top Secret Security Clearance.
* 5+ years of test engineering experience or comparable skill (i.e. military exercise planning & evaluation)
* Experience producing customer facing test process deliverables (test plans, test reports, data analysis, etc.) and demonstrated maturity to articulate deliverable to a variety of stakeholders.
* Experience as a test conductor, test director, or similar test position
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly and solve problems across a variety of engineering areas
* Must be able to work independently and as part of a multi-disciplinary team to deliver results in a highly ambiguous, fast-paced environment with little to no oversight
* Willingness to test and evaluate both software and hardware products
* Ability to travel for program events and testing on an as needed basis. (Including between offices in the local area)

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with the Department of Defense or Government Cyber Commands/Agencies
* Experience working with the National Airspace System, UAS regulations, or other flight related regulations
* Experience conducting software testing or software quality assurance
* Experience with software defined radios
* Experience and working knowledge of radio frequency theory and/or communication physics
* Experience and working knowledge of various communication protocols (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, LAN, WAN, etc.)
* Experience and working knowledge of a programing language (C++, Python, MATLAB, etc)
* Experience utilizing a Linux Operating System (Ubuntu, Debian, etc) or using Command Line Interface with another operating system

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
