---
title: Lead Software Engineer
status: active
id: '5102993007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102993007?gh_jid=5102993007
lastmod: '2026-06-29T11:15:54-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T09:53:58-04:00'
location: Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering'
offices:
- Amsterdam, Netherlands
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **ABOUT THE TEAM** The Connected Warfare division's Mission Command team builds, deploys, integrates, extends, and scales Anduril's software and hardware to deliver mission-critical capabilities to our customers. As the software engineers closest to Anduril customers and end-users, Mission Software Engineers solve technical challenges of operational scenarios while owning the end-to-end delivery of winning capabilities such as Lattice Mesh, Joint All Domain Command & Control, and Anduril's Menace Family-of-Systems. As a Software Engineer on the Mission Command team, you will build the foundation for a first-of-its-kind platform designed for the tactical edge, solving novel problems across networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and next-generation distributed data layers. Powering resilient, machine-speed decision-making for warfighters and allies—even in contested, disconnected environments—your work will ensure Anduril's products seamlessly work together and with third parties to deliver customer value. Driven by a "Whatever It Takes" mindset, the Mission Command team balances intentional, long-term system design with the pragmatic tradeoffs needed to meet immediate customer needs. By keeping the mission top-of-mind, you will make sound, scalable engineering decisions to deliver high-quality, expedient software that preemptively addresses the national security challenges of the future. **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own software solutions spanning core mesh platforms, data interfaces, and release management deployed directly to customers to scale critical mission capabilities.
* Deliver well-architected systems using modern software engineering practices—including code and design reviews—while championing scalability, reliability, testability, portability, and maintainability.
* Drive software solutions end-to-end, partnering closely with end-users to translate complex needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints.
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex, cross-functional functionality.
* Ensure system health and rapid resolution by creating and analyzing monitoring metrics, triaging production issues, root-causing failures, and coordinating next steps.
* Travel 10% – 30% of the time to meet customers wherever in the world they are, collaborate with teammates across the globe, understand real-world operating conditions, and build, test, and deploy capabilities directly in the field.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses, or is eligible to obtain and maintain, an active NATO or higher security clearance
* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Networking, Mathematics, or Physics
* At least 3-10+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Go, Rust, C++, Java, Python, etc.
* Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience working with and designing distributed systems
* Proven ability to deliver high-quality results at pace, ideally within a startup or high-growth environment
* Deep networking experience, especially for distributed systems operating in non-standard networking conditions
* Familiarity with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure) and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems)
* A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node
* Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CICD systems, etc.
* Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
