---
title: Senior Mission Software Engineer
status: active
id: '5102987007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102987007?gh_jid=5102987007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T09:50:56-04:00'
location: Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Amsterdam, Netherlands
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Mission Software Engineering team is responsible for building, deploying, integrating, extending, and scaling Anduril's software to deliver mission-critical capabilities to our customers. As the software engineers closest to Anduril customers and end-users, Mission Software Engineers solve technical challenges of operational scenarios while owning the end-to-end delivery of winning capabilities such as Counter Intrusion, Joint All Domain Command & Control, and Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Sr Mission Software Engineer in our brand-new Netherlands office, you will be a driving force in establishing Anduril's engineering presence and capabilities across Europe. This isn't just another engineering role; it's a foundational opportunity to define, build, and lead mission-critical software development from the ground up in a strategically vital region.  
  
You will contribute to the design, development, and deployment of complex mission software solutions, enabling third party systems to seamlessly integrate with Anduril products. You'll engage with a wide variety of intricate technical problems, making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs as you learn and grow. Your contributions will be essential in upholding the technical excellence our customers expect from Anduril in this critical new market. Above all, you will embody the “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with the highest quality.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Be a champion for Anduril capabilities within a customer environment
* Develop architecture and mission vignettes
* Iterate on core data mesh technology to make optimal use of degraded networks
* Develop connectors and APIs for legacy and cutting edge systems to integrate with Lattice
* Deploy software to non-standard environments
* Create data flow pipelines that span horizontally and vertically across disparate networked systems and security domains

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* At least 4+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Rust, Go, JavaScript, etc.
* Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* Experience working in a customer / client facing role
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Ability to travel to client sites
* Eligible for NATO Clearance

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
