---
title: Senior Finance Manager, Maritime and Maneuver Dominance
status: active
id: '5102666007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102666007?gh_jid=5102666007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T17:55:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Maritime & Maneuver Dominance (M&MD) division delivers platforms, systems, and integrated effects in the Maritime and Group 3/4/5 aviation domains. Our autonomous vehicles are the cornerstone of these capabilities, and we continually strive to push the boundaries of the possible in terms of endurance, autonomy and mission capability. The M&MD team develops and maintains core products and payloads, and adapts and applies those products to serve a wide variety of defense, IC and commercial customers in US and international markets.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a seasoned finance leader to join the M&MD Finance team. This role will provide leadership, direction and management of product- and program-level finance teams as M&MD continues to rapidly scale. This person will oversee financial planning and analysis, program finance, strategic finance and pricing and is expected to recommend and execute on new strategies that drive both top- and bottom-line impact.  
  
This role requires a strong interest in solving operational and financial puzzles with an ability to recognize patterns and collaborate via cross-functional partnership to drive decision-making. You will create frameworks for assessing investment and capital allocation decisions and partner with senior leadership to operationalize the hypotheses and takeaways.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage the processes for financial forecasting and budgets, and oversee the preparation of product- and program-level financial reporting.
* Evaluate financial performance by comparing and analyzing actual results with forecasts, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variances.
* Partner with senior M&MD and corporate finance leaders to identify and implement ways to improve business performance and finance systems, tools and processes.
* Lead the development of executive-level reporting and present financial insights to senior management.
* Get deep in the operations and support the team in creating bottoms-up, data-driven models to understand segmentation, pricing optimization, scenarios, and financial returns of our products and investments.
* Manage and scale a dedicated finance team in line with the needs of the business by developing and hiring best-in-class talent and implementing best practices and tools to ensure a well-controlled yet flexible finance organization.
* Own performance dashboards, alerting, and investigation into KPI health. Assess the impact of financial decisions on KPIs while developing strategies which drive demonstrable impact against these metrics.
* Develop deep relationships with our customers (both internal and external) and oversee customer program reporting, monthly invoicing, and monthly financial status reporting.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field; MBA or relevant professional certification (CPA, CFA) is a plus.
* 7+ years of experience in financial analysis, modeling, and forecasting within an FP&A or consulting environment.
* Advanced proficiency in Excel, financial modeling and data analysis tools, and experience with financial reporting tools and ERP systems (i.e. Anaplan, Netsuite, Oracle, Foundry).
* Demonstrated ability to lead programs and strategic initiatives in a finance function.
* Intellectually curious - you seek to understand the why behind the numbers.
* Highly technical - you value precision and accuracy when it comes to your work, and you can rapidly dissect complex quantitative problems.
* Critical thinker - you consider problems from all angles to remove bias.
* Results-oriented - you will do whatever it takes to get the job done.
* Exceptional written and oral communication skills. You drive consensus through grounded arguments, interpersonal skills, and negotiation skills.
* Creative problem-solver - able to identify obstacles and present viable solutions.
* Comfortable working in a fast-moving, ambiguous environment.
* Excited by large breadth of problems.
* Confidence to execute in highly visible and accountable positions.
* Must be security clearance eligible.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
