---
title: Computer Vision Engineer
status: active
id: '5102920007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102920007?gh_jid=5102920007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-15T13:11:56-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on making large groups of autonomous systems work effectively together, with a particular emphasis on larger, more capable unmanned aerial vehicles. Our team specializes in integrating advanced perception and autonomy algorithms into complex aerial platforms, pushing the boundaries of what's possible in autonomous flight and mission execution. We develop cutting-edge Computer Vision and Autonomy algorithms to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers, particularly in challenging and dynamic environments where robust perception is critical.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are seeking an experienced Computer Vision Engineer with a strong background in robotics to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be at the forefront of developing advanced perception systems for complex autonomous aerial platforms. Your expertise in computer vision algorithms, combined with your understanding of robotics principles, will be crucial in solving a wide variety of challenges involving visual perception, SLAM, motion planning, controls, and state estimation.

This role requires not only technical expertise in computer vision and robotics but also the ability to make pragmatic engineering tradeoffs, considering the unique constraints of aerial platforms. Your work will directly contribute to the seamless integration of Anduril's products, achieving critical outcomes in autonomous operations. This position demands strong systems-level knowledge and experience, as you'll be working on the intersection of computer vision, robotics, and autonomous systems. If you are passionate about pushing the boundaries of computer vision in robotics, possess a "Whatever It Takes" mindset, and can execute in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions, then this role is for you.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Work at the intersection of 3D perception and computer vision, developing robust algorithms that power real-time decision-making for autonomous aerial systems.
* Develop and implement advanced structure from motion and SLAM algorithms to create accurate 3D models from multiple camera inputs in real-time.
* Integrate perception outputs with path planning algorithms to enable autonomous navigation in complex, unstructured environments
* Design experiments, data collection efforts, and curate training/evaluation sets to develop insights for both internal purposes and customers.
* Collaborate closely with robotics, software, and hardware teams to integrate perception algorithms into autonomous aerial systems.
* Work with vendors and government stakeholders to advance the state-of-the-art in perception and world modeling for autonomous aerial systems.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* BS in Robotics, Computer Science, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field.
* Strong knowledge of 3D computer vision concepts, including multi-view geometry, camera models, photogrammetry, and 3D reconstruction techniques.
* Fluency in standard domain libraries (numpy, opencv, pytorch, etc).
* Proven understanding of data structures, algorithms, concurrency, and code optimization.
* 4+ years of professional industry experience working with C++ or Rust programming languages.
* Experience deploying software to end customers, internal or external.
* Must be willing to travel 25%.
* Eligible to obtain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* MS or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field.
* Experience with perception systems for aerial robotics or other highly dynamic platforms.
* Experience with real-world sensor integrations, including LiDAR, RGB-D cameras, stereo cameras, or TOF cameras.
* Knowledge of path planning algorithms and their integration with perception systems in dynamic environments.
* Experience with GPU / CUDA programming for accelerated computer vision processing.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
