---
title: Senior Industrial Engineer, Fury
status: active
id: '5102979007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102979007?gh_jid=5102979007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-12T09:10:31-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE PRODUCT

Fury, an autonomous air vehicle leveraging Lattice software, Fury is designed to accelerate the development, testing, and fielding of mission autonomy into operational reality for the warfighter, delivering an unfair advantage for unrivaled deterrence.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Team is seeking a Senior Industrial Engineer to join our team with an emphasis on manufacturing optimization. The role will support the development of simulation and optimization models to predict the behavior of manufacturing processes to drive real world adaptations. Executing on this responsibility will entail active collaboration with other Anduril teams, including but not limited to Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations. The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, sensors, undersea, and flight vehicles, and scaling these products in our new 5M sq ft manufacturing facility, [Arsenal-1](https://www.rebuildthearsenal.com/).

### ABOUT THE ROLE

The right person for this role can demonstrate holistic ownership on solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to change and ambiguity in their working environment, while working to ensure products are built and shipped on-time under stringent quality standards. If you are someone who thrives as the connective tissue among operational stakeholders to bring a production team forward, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Capture the current process including all physical constraints, business rules and detailed decision logic into a 3D simulation-based virtual factory to serve as process and operational knowledge base.
* Create feasible results, plans and schedules for shop floor, warehouse, factory & supply chain execution in all the relevant time ranges by ensuring that all scheduled operations are resource capacity, material, and timeline feasible.
* Maintain an adaptive, data generated and driven virtual factory to always retain a “current status” digital reference model for determining future performance of the factory/supply chain whenever required for different transformation projects and investment decisions.
* Own the design of new production lines and work station layouts, both for low rate and full-rate production, leveraging a data-driven approach
* Proactively identify high variation processes, imbalances and bottlenecks caused by line layout, equipment constraints, staffing shortages, and other production inputs; flag constraints with the appropriate owners across Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Engineering, and Quality and drive to resolution
* Translate and drive action from metrics, KPIs, and reporting associated with monitoring production line health and efficiency, such as cycle time, throughput rate, capacity, utilization, and first pass yield
* Produce and maintain capacity plans, balanced line layouts, staffing allocations, and time standards for manufacturing work content
* Collaborate and drive operational improvements end-to-end for next-generation defense products as we scale in maturity and production rate.
* Work across domains, from execution-based work to the strategic future state of a product or business line

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years past experience in a fast-paced manufacturing environment
* Experience with Technomatix “Plant Sim” simulation software or equivalent DES (Promodel, FlexSim, Simio, etc,) OR basic knowledge in object-oriented computer programming (example languages: Python, R, C++, Java, etc.) OR working with large data sets with SQL or No-SQL
* Ability to read technical documentation such as facility drawings, assembly drawings, technical specifications and procedures for manufacturing processes for electronics, mechanical and electromechanical assembly, system tests, and/or structures work
* Ability to work in ambiguity
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering
* Prior work designing and/or setting up new production lines or factories - from process mapping through to collaborating with infrastructure design partners and detailed work station design
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing and/or Continuous Improvement and Six Sigma principles in action
* Experience interacting with data via data visualization applications or SQL queries
* Ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, measuring each step of the process, creating actionable tasks that culminated in a significant and sustainable business improvement
* Prior experience with ERP, WMS and MES systems
* Knowledge stochastic \ deterministic models when to apply them
* Proficient in handling large data sets, including filtering, identifying trends, and graphical representation.
* Candidate should have knowledge of design engineering and manufacturing engineering processes including:  
  + 3D CAD design/modeling of parts and assemblies
  + 3D factory layout
  + Manufacturing process planning of fabricated parts, and complex discrete assembly process
  + Manufacturing simulation of assembly processes, human ergonomics, and discrete event simulation
  + Strong manufacturing data analytics and statistical analysis background with proficiency in statistical process control

US Salary Range

$99,000—$131,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
