---
title: Site Reliability Engineer, Discovery
status: active
id: '5102674007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102674007?gh_jid=5102674007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T14:23:52-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- AFS
offices:
- Washington, DC (909) (Archived)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**

As a site reliability engineer in Discovery, you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve critical outcomes.   
  
You’ll work closely with software, data, and operations engineers to get systems into the hands of customers, deployed and supported on real infrastructure, with real users.  
  
Above all, Site Reliability Engineers must be driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound decisions to deliver successful outcomes on-time and with high quality.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Improve Anduril’s operational capabilities by improving our core product offering through root cause analysis and creating tooling capable of managing large scale deployments
* Drive continuous organizational improvement by leading post-mortem events involving diverse stakeholders
* Quickly diagnose and resolve system issues across cloud, robotics, and mesh networking architectures
* Lead the organization in building scalable, sustainable mechanisms to continue delivering to customers at the pace the business is scaling
* Design, develop, and deliver solutions using modern technologies that ensure scalable and fault tolerant delivery of systems to the warfighter
* Build strong relationships with internal and external customers to identify technical solutions to their problems

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* STEM degree or equivalent technical experience
* Technical expertise and demonstrated performance in one or more of the following areas: networking, cloud technologies, application development, hardware design, and/or cybersecurity
* Minimum of 5 years of operations and engineering experience
* Proficiency with IaC tools (Terraform, Ansible).
* Experience with cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP).
* Proficiency in containerization (Docker) and container orchestration (Kubernetes).
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Ability to drive consensus across internal and external stakeholders
* Experience developing and delivering solution to evolving problems in complex environments
* Experience in the technical, programmatic, and operational challenges of developing and deploying autonomous weapon systems across command echelons
* Experience delivering and maintaining systems that run on air-gapped and security-hardened networks
* Experience building scalable solutions along with plans for implementation. Not just the end state, but what are the steps needed to get there while maintaining the customer experience
* Experience performing data-driven root cause analysis on complex systems
* Ability to understand, debug, and modify software written languages such as Go, Python, Rust, or C++
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
