---
title: Principal Sales Engineer, Armory (Technical Services)
status: active
id: '5102590007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5102590007?gh_jid=5102590007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T12:40:46-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Partnerships & Strategy'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Armory is a newly formed sales channel built to accelerate the offering process for commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) products, software, and services.  The Armory portfolio of products includes sensors, autonomous platforms, surveillance systems, hardened edge compute/storage/network devices, and other platform enablers to assist our partners modernize their capabilities with Anduril technology.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE**

In order to facilitate a robust go-to-market (GTM) process with Commercial-of-the-Shelf (COTS) products, software, and services, a comprehensive documentation package must be developed and maintained for all hardware, software, and services offered via the Armory channel.  This role will engage and collaborate with Anduril business lines to ensure the Armory capabilities offered meet our standards for documentation.  Additionally, the Technical Services Director will coordinate with the business lines for demonstrations, technical deep dives, and customer visits.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Ensure documentation packages are complete, timely produced meet Anduril standards, and are maintained.
* Develop and maintain trusted relationships with business lines, Armory Business Development and sales operations staff.
* Support planning and executing demonstration of Anduril capabilities. Coordinate with mission operations, test sites, Armory BD and customer to effectively plan and execute realistic demonstrations of our capabilities.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 7+ years of experience in product management, product engineering, applications engineering, mission operations and similar roles.
* Proven record of program execution or product campaigns for complex, technical systems within national security programs
* Experience bridging field experience to product development and being a liaison for cross-functional teams across engineering, product and customers
* Strong acumen for production and management effective product documentation packages (product specifications, interface control diagrams, manuals, qualification data).
* Skilled at managing internal customer relationships throughout varying complex organizations, departments, and disciplines.
* Ability to lead without direct authority across teams and have strong stakeholder management communication.
* Support pre-sales activities, including technical demos, solutions architecture and customer strategies.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience driving adoption of early-stage or emerging products

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
