---
title: GSOC Jr Operator
status: active
id: '5103111007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5103111007?gh_jid=5103111007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T19:43:39-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Corporate Physical Security'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Strategic Security Services Team encompasses Anduril's Threat Intelligence, Travel Security, GSOC, and Protective Intelligence teams. Our mission is to safeguard Anduril's people, assets, and operations through integrated security solutions that encompass proactive risk management, crisis preparedness, actionable threat intelligence, thorough investigations, executive protection, and 24/7 global monitoring. We are committed to anticipating and mitigating risks, responding immediately to incidents, and fostering a resilient security culture that enables Anduril to innovate and operate confidently in a dynamic global environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a GSOC Junior Operator, you will play a vital role in supporting the daily operations of Anduril’s Global Security Operations Center (GSOC). Reporting to the GSOC Tactical Supervisor, you will assist in monitoring security systems, triaging incidents, and contributing to effective response efforts during security events. You will ensure seamless communication with internal and external stakeholders, drive adherence to incident response protocols, and contribute to the continuous improvement of GSOC processes. This entry-level position requires a commitment to operational excellence and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Your ability to remain calm under pressure and make sound decisions will be essential to maintaining operational resilience.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Monitoring**: Monitor security systems, including video management systems (VMS) and access control platforms, to detect and assess security incidents in real time.
* **Incident Triage**: Assist in the triage of security events, prioritizing incidents based on established protocols and escalating as necessary.
* **Communication Support**: Relay critical information to the GSOC Tactical Supervisor and other stakeholders during incidents, ensuring clear and concise documentation of actions taken.
* **Response Coordination**: Support the deployment of response teams during incidents, ensuring effective communication and coordination with internal and external partners.
* **Protocol Adherence**: Follow incident response protocols and escalation procedures to ensure compliance with established standards.
* **Training Participation**: Participate in training sessions and drills to enhance preparedness and operational effectiveness.
* **Continuous Learning**: Stay informed about security technologies and best practices to contribute to the operational improvement of the GSOC.
* **Documentation**: Maintain accurate records of incidents and activities for audits and assessments.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High School Diploma and two years of work experience
* Strong analytical and decision-making skills, with the ability to prioritize information effectively.
* Technically proficient
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with a focus on teamwork and collaboration.
* Flexibility to work rotating shifts, including nights, weekends, and holidays.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years of experience in corporate security, law enforcement, military, or gov work (Internship time applies)
* Familiarity with modern security systems, such as Genetec or similar platforms.
* Strong organizational skills and a proactive approach to problem-solving.
* Multilingualism is a plus.

US Salary Range

$22.60—$30.10 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
