---
title: Flight Test Integrations and Operations Manager - Mission Autonomy
status: active
id: '5103943007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5103943007?gh_jid=5103943007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T21:42:44-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T15:24:43-04:00'
location: San Clemente, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- San Clemente, CA (CTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Flight Test Integrations and Operations Manager will lead a team responsible for the integration and testing of complex UAS systems. This role is critical for ensuring seamless functionality and operational readiness, specifically focusing on optimizing operations and establishing robust procedures for vehicle readiness, ground control systems, and ongoing maintenance. This requires a strong understanding of UAS components, experience in networking, and advanced system integration. The ideal candidate will drive system performance evaluations, identify areas for vehicle improvements, and oversee the integration of new system technologies into existing platforms, ultimately ensuring that systems are fully prepared for flight operations and the responsible individuals who oversee them.

### What You’ll Do

* Lead and mentor a team of Test & Evaluation operators and integrators.
* Identify and resolve software and hardware issues in integrated systems.
* Oversee the integration of new hardware components into both new and existing systems.
* Evaluate system performance and develop strategies for improvement.
* Configure mesh networks to enable effective system-to-system communication for testing and evaluation.
* Collaborate with flight test engineering team to ensure test requirements are met and aligned with project goals.
* Provide technical guidance and support to team members.
* Lead Flight Test Operations as a Remote Pilot in Command (RPIC), ensuring aircraft readiness, creating mission profiles, and adhering to safety protocols.

### Required Qualifications

* Proven experience in integrating and testing software and hardware systems.
* Proficient in using computer terminals (e.g., Linux).
* Strong knowledge of networking protocols and technologies.
* Experience with hardware integration, including interfacing sensors, actuators, and other peripherals.
* Familiarity with testing methodologies and tools.
* Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to troubleshoot complex issues.
* Availability to work extended hours as required.
* Familiarity with open-source flight control software, such as Ardupilot or PX4.
* Ability to obtain and maintain an FAA Part 107 certificate.

### Preferred Qualifications

* RC pilot experience with both Group 3 rotary and fixed-wing UAVs.
* Good understanding of aircraft/system performance and log data analysis.
* Experience with scripting languages.
* Familiarity with version control systems.
* Experience with embedded systems.
* Knowledge of test automation tools and frameworks.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
