---
title: Senior Quality Engineer (Flight Line Support)
status: active
id: '5103761007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5103761007?gh_jid=5103761007
lastmod: '2026-06-16T19:42:12-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T22:47:46-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Product Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are seeking a Senior Quality Engineer to support flight line operations in Victorville, CA before relocating to [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1) in Q1 2027. This role is on the Quality Engineering team and will focus on quality assurance and process integrity for aircraft operations, integration, and testing directly on the flight line. Your expertise will bridge development engineering, production, and field operations to ensure aircraft functionality and performance under real-world conditions. You will have direct involvement with diagnosing and resolving issues as they arise in the field, providing critical support to the aircraft’s final integration, troubleshooting, and operational readiness.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

In this role as a Senior Quality Engineer, the ideal candidate would support operations at our Victorville, CA facility before joining our rapidly growing team in Ashville, OH. This is a dynamic and hands-on position with opportunities in managing flight-line quality assurance activities and driving improvements in the aircraft integration process. This position is ideal for someone who thrives in a high-stakes environment, loves to implement innovative solutions, and takes ownership of ensuring precision and quality during critical phases of aircraft ground and flight operations.  
  
\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Victorville, CA until Q1 2027. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay. Following completion of flight line duties at our Victorville site, this role would then turn into a full time position at our Arsenal-1 facility in Ashville, OH.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Personify quality oversight and support during aircraft maintenance, ground testing, and flight testing. Monitor flight line activities to ensure adherence to stringent quality standards, safety protocols, and detailed technical procedures.
* Conduct thorough pre-flight checks and audits to verify the readiness of systems, structures, and components. Develop and execute inspection systems tailored to flight line and operational support requirements.
* Lead RCCA initiatives specifically targeting issues arising during test and maintenance, and sustainment. Address in-field non-conformance issues and resolve immediate defects impacting operational readiness.
* Partner closely with manufacturing engineers, test engineers, field operations teams, and pilots to resolve technical and quality issues. Evaluate system & process performance directly within operational environments.
* Provide real-time technical and quality support during flight testing, ensuring data is accurately captured, defects are analyzed, and adjustments are rapidly implemented in subsequent iterations.
* Drive continuous improvement of flight line processes, testing protocols, and operator procedures to mitigate risks and enhance operational efficiency.
* Support quality documentation efforts specific to flight-line activities, including inspection logs, NCR metrics, pre-flight investigation reports, and detailed performance summaries.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* 5+ years of experience in Quality, Manufacturing, flight test, sustainment, or Engineering roles with direct involvement in aircraft testing activities
* Strong working knowledge of aviation systems, subsystems integration, and mechanical/electrical manufacturing processes
* Familiarity with flight-line processes, operational readiness requirements, and troubleshooting under time constraints
* Experience working directly with DCMA and military customers from enlisted to senior officers.
* Knowledge of government regulations affecting aviation systems, defense contracts, and flight certification
* Experience with quality management of complex systems such as propulsion , flight controls, avionics, mission systems, fuel, hydraulics, and structural components
* Hands-on experience with pre-flight and post-flight inspection guidelines, quality audits, and troubleshooting processes
* Expertise in product quality methodologies such as FMEA, APQP, and FAI
* Knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) applied to aerospace systems
* Experience working with measurement tools
* Demonstrated ability to drive projects to completion in fast-paced environments requiring quick decision-making
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years of experience with military aircraft flight line operations, quality systems, or production processes
* Working knowledge of AS9100, AS6500, and ISO 9001-based quality management systems
* Familiarity with IPC standards for electronics and MIL standards for aerial vehicle integration
* Experience with Manufacturing Readiness Levels
* Hands-on experience using Teamcenter, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, and manufacturing execution systems

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
