---
title: Senior Linux Systems Engineer - Active Security Clearance Required
status: active
id: '5104433007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5104433007?gh_jid=5104433007
lastmod: '2026-06-10T14:44:55-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T14:24:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : Architecture'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking a Senior Linux Systems Engineer to directly support our most sensitive programs. You will be a part of the Edge Compute and Communications (ECC) team, where we're building and maintaining critical tactical infrastructure for our UAS products. You will have the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the world’s best engineers and cybersecurity professionals as you help to implement cutting edge systems. You will work directly with customers and systems deployed across the globe in support of national security missions all while gaining invaluable experience navigating complex cybersecurity regulation frameworks. If this starts to excite you, we invite you to keep reading further!

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Serve as subject matter expert for for the server and systems ecosystem.
* Build technology infrastructure at all classification levels including SAP/SCI .
* Design, install, operate, maintain, and troubleshoot IT systems consisting of various of operating systems with a focus on Linux.
* Architect and execute on server/storage infrastructure related to program specific needs.
* Support engineering and deployment efforts for multiple classified programs.
* Work in close coordination with the ISSM and ISSO in monitoring the information system(s) implementing configuration management across authorization boundaries.
* Define, document and follow standards and best practices for systems design, testing, and implementation.
* Drive scripting and automation to develop solutions to common problems.
* Provision cloud based resources in both Infrastructure as as Service and Platform as a Service environments.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 7+ years of experience in IT infrastructure engineering.
* Desire to cross train into other engineering disciplines (eg network, data links).
* Ability to operate independently in a fluid environment.
* Advanced scripting skills with both Bash and Powershell to automated and solve recurring tasks
* Strong working knowledge of clustered server infrastructure.
* Deep understanding of Active Directory and multi-site architecture.
* Previous experience deploying IT systems in an air gapped environments, as well as in tactical / austere environments.
* Professional experience with RHEL Image Builder.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain at least an active U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Able to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret security clearance or higher, if not already at this levl.
* Ability to lift 25 pounds.
* Willingness to travel up to 15% of the time.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* High Performance Compute (HPC) with CPU and GPU based clusters
* Understanding of Datacenter storage and networking fabric

US Salary Range

$170,000—$210,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
