---
title: Software Engineer (C++)
status: active
id: '5105606007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5105606007?gh_jid=5105606007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T13:21:00-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T10:37:20-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : Cyber'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Software Engineer (C++), you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, systems integration, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes.

This role demands a "Whatever It Takes" mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Design, develop, and own specific features and components for software solutions deployed directly to our IC customers.
* Write robust, high-performance code that builds and scales critical mission capabilities for an expanding user base.
* Collaborate closely with cross-functional teammates throughout the planning, building, and testing phases of complex functionality
* Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring
* Translate complex operational needs into actionable technical features, expertly balancing user experience requirements with engineering constraints and system capabilities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related quantitative field, OR equivalent practical industry experience.
* Demonstrated proficiency and significant experience with C/C++.
* Expertise in Linux systems and comfortable with advanced command-line operations.
* Proven ability to quickly onboard, understand, and effectively navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working within Agile development methodologies (e.g., Scrum, Kanban).
* Familiarity with automated testing frameworks, CI/CD pipelines, and best practices for continuous integration and deployment.
* Strong understanding of systems architecture, distributed systems design, and common design patterns.
* Proven experience deploying, maintaining, and troubleshooting software in production environments.
* Background in embedded systems development, real-time operating systems (RTOS), or IoT development.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
