---
title: Senior Manager, Supply Chain
status: active
id: '5105871007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5105871007?gh_jid=5105871007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T22:56:17-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As the Supply Chain Manager, you will work across Anduril to ensure we are supporting our engineering teams in swiftly and sustainably building products that meet our client’s needs. You will work with engineering, manufacturing, and sales to source new suppliers, form strategic partnerships, plan effectively, and ensure our operational workflows effectively support the broader organization. You’ll be responsible for a blend of obtaining quotes, executing PO’s and managing end-to-end inventory in partnership with the engineering team as well as the primary individuals leading our key strategic partnerships externally, handling the relationship management and negotiations with our most important supplier relationships. Across all of this work, the role will interact heavily with Anduril’s US-based Supply Chain team to leverage existing processes, best practices, and strategies in order to implement the best possible system in Australia.  
  
  
The right person for this role has a track record of leading Supply Chain initiatives in a fast-paced environment and a no-task-too-little that is critical for growing an organization from the ground up. If you are someone who likes a hands-on role, is comfortable being a builder, and can work across organizations well, the Supply Chain Manager opening is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Serve as both the strategic leader for all Supply Chain-related work across the company and a tactical doer to help us improve as we grow. You will be the first local Supply Chain hire in Quonset for the Maritime Undersea Dominance product line as we build out the team over time.
* Build out and run a strategic sourcing and commodity management function for the US based supply chain, helping Anduril’s NPI and production products meet their needs. You will interact with every part of the bill of materials and will need to leverage an expansive set of cross-discipline knowledge and be able to climb the curve quickly on materials, parts, suppliers, and manufacturing processes that are less familiar to you.
* Partner with engineering and manufacturing to execute both tactical-level PO and inventory management as well as the formation of a Supply Chain strategy that meets critical business and financial benchmarks.
* Own the supplier relationships, holding our suppliers accountable to supplier agreements and ensuring best in class service.
* Oversee our planning, purchasing, and inventory workflows and staffing, working with our existing team leads on prioritization, staffing, hiring, managing our progress toward goals, and managing our execution on key metrics.
* Build out the necessary benchmarks, track quality-related metrics, and establish KPIs to understand how our Supply Chain team is impacting our product development and business.
* Experience with AS9100D guidelines.
* Be a partner to Anduril’s executive team on all aspects of Supply Chain strategy.
* Work closely with Anduril’s Accounting, Finance, and Legal teams to ensure timely and effective supplier payment, contracting, financing, etc.
* Support ad-hoc Supply Chain initiatives as they come up.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Minimum 7+ years in a Supply Chain leadership role within the manufacturing industry with a track record of establishing and maintaining a host of different workflows.
* Demonstrated strength in team building and leadership.
* Experience in a deeply technical industry, such as consumer electronics, aerospace, or automotive, is a plus.
* Ability to work with engineering and manufacturing on a highly technical level.
* Historical experience in Supply Chain participation and oversight/management of product through both early-stage and late-stage development.
* Excellent communications and relationship management skills, with the ability to hold relationships at the highest level.
* Strong ability to work cross-functionally in an unstructured environment. Startup experience preferred.
* Demonstrated ability to lead projects from idea conception to idea execution without assistance.
* Moves fast, has a positive attitude and can lead people directly and via influence.
* Good data and business systems instincts.
* Bachelor of Science or higher degree in a technical discipline preferred, not required.
* Must be able to obtain and maintain an US Security Clearance

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
