---
title: 'Staff Weapons Integration Engineer '
status: active
id: '5105772007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5105772007?gh_jid=5105772007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T18:59:43-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril’s Air Dominance and Strike (AD&S) team is seeking a Staff Engineer focused on Weapons Integration to join our multi-disciplinary Mission Systems team. The AD&S team is responsible for developing end-to-end “mission-ized” autonomous air systems capable of delivering exceptional warfighter outcomes to our customers.   
  
As a Weapons Integration Engineer you will be responsible for the technical execution and overall successful integration of weapons systems onto platforms. Anduril is seeking exceptional candidates comfortable with myriad technical tasks involved in the successful integration of weapons systems, to include development of integration plans, store management system architecture trades, system-level analysis to support design reviews and regulatory briefings and interfacing regularly with internal teams, customers and suppliers.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead or support efforts performing integration, verification and/or validation of weapon systems onto Anduril or other-party platforms
* Develop program plans, estimates, and schedules
* Develop system/architecture designs, perform system level analysis, and generate requirements
* Adjudicate conflicting design/development requirements with broader team
* Develop and present technical material for reviews and meetings
* Support lab, ground, and flight test events
* Develop/maintain Interface Control Documents, Software Requirement Specifications, Performance Specifications, presentations and review test plans/procedures
* Coordinate and interface with customers, contractors, and engineering groups assigned to projects
* Support ongoing operation of the weapons system(s)
* Provide support for proposals/white papers for future efforts or capabilities
* Provide direction to design and to technical staff
* Work with and manage suppliers to develop and procure hardware
* Identify risks and manage mitigation plans to closure

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelors, Masters or PhD degree in engineering, computer science or a related technical discipline and progressive engineering experience as follows;
* 9+ years of combined work experience with post-graduate study in an engineering discipline
* Familiarity with Air-to-Air/Air-to-Ground weapons, MIL-STD-1553, MIL-STD-1760, and logical Interface Control Documents
* Experience integrating weapons, payloads, or avionics onto aircraft
* Experience with weapon or tactical datalinks
* Must be customer focused with the ability to formulate and implement plans to resolve technical engineering problems
* Ability to travel to support program and test events (up to 25%)
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills with ability to effectively interface with other departments or professionals and represent the organization as a prime technical contact
* Familiarity with Seek Eagle and Non-Nuclear Munitions Safety Board processes
* Project management experience
* Software programming or embedded systems experience (familiarity with C/C++/Rust, MATLAB, Python, etc.)

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
