---
title: Senior UI Engineer, Lattice C2
status: active
id: '5106768007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5106768007?gh_jid=5106768007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T13:48:37-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform : Lattice C2 Staff'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Lattice Command and Control (C2) UI team builds and maintains the common web application components that bring the Lattice for C2 primitives to web applications across Anduril’s different divisions. We serve as the backbone of the C2 application development process, enabling our engineers to focus on building innovative features for Lattice applications rather than reinventing infrastructure. Our team develops the shared building blocks utilized throughout Anduril's customer-facing web applications to communicate with the Lattice C2 backend services to understand the [common operating picture](https://developer.anduril.com/guides/entities/overview), [convey intent](https://developer.anduril.com/guides/tasks/overview) to autonomous agents, [store and access files](https://developer.anduril.com/guides/objects/overview) across Lattice, and more. Our mission is to accelerate development cycles and equip our engineering teams with robust framework to interact with Lattice OS to create exceptional web applications that advance Anduril's defense technology goals.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Software Engineer to join our growing team during its formative stage. In this position, you will help shape how Anduril engineers build and deliver web software. You will contribute to designing and implementing foundational web frameworks to interact with Lattice OS services. Your work will span multiple technical domains as you identify friction points and craft elegant solutions to improve our development infrastructure. This role requires a solid foundation in web technologies, efficient front-end data structures, and the ability to optimize communication with the back-end. If you're a collaborative problem-solver who finds satisfaction in creating tools that amplify the effectiveness of other engineers, we want to talk to you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Design, build, test, deploy, and maintain tooling that helps Anduril increase engineering velocity and product quality
* Proactively identify pain points and opportunities to improve our dev experience and infrastructure
* Work across the stack (front-end, back-end, build, CI/CD) to get things done
* Support and mentor fellow engineers on engineering best practices, and on how to best use our tools

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent industry experience
* Experience building production web applications in JavaScript or TypeScript (we use TypeScript, React, and RxJS)
* Proficiency with modern backend programming languages such as C++, Rust, or Golang.
* Familiarity with algorithms, data structures, automated testing, and other technical tools
* High empathy for your fellow engineers (our customers)
* Minimum 3 years of software engineering experience
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Have a bias for action and taking ownership. You have a track record of solving a problem if you see one.
* Experience maintaining continuous integration systems (we use CircleCI)
* Experience or interest working in monorepos with modern build systems like Bazel, Buck, Nx, etc. (we use Bazel)
* Experience or interest working in Go
* Experience with gRPC/protobuf or similar technologies

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
