---
title: 'Senior Product Security Engineer '
status: active
id: '5106472007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5106472007?gh_jid=5106472007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T13:33:26-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Information Security : Product Security'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

# **ABOUT THE TEAM**

We're seeking a product security engineer to own security for assigned products, particularly radar systems, in your technical domain. This role involves providing expert consultation on security architectures, guiding the implementation of security features, developing solutions engineering for complex security challenges, and ultimately securing our suite of advanced technologies including artificial intelligence systems, command and control platforms, aerospace vehicles, and long-range sensors. The ideal candidate has a background in electrical or software engineering, with a focus on platform security, or has pivoted to a product or application security role. They will be able to conduct complex security architecture reviews, research and mitigate exploits against hardware and software, and work with other engineering teams to build resiliency into our products.

## **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Product Security Engineer, you will own the end-to-end security for assigned radar products. This includes deriving and decomposing security requirements from customer needs and threat intelligence, designing security architectures, and actively building, integrating, and testing security features throughout the product lifecycle. You will also be responsible for conducting security reviews, researching exploits, and collaborating with engineering teams to ensure robust security for radar systems.

## **WHAT YOU WILL DO**

* Owns the development and maturation of security features for Anduril’s radar products.
* Collaborates and builds solutions with engineering teams to meet and exceed industry-standard security goals for radar systems
* Collaborate with security assessment teams to assess Anduril’s radar products and integrated components to uncover potential weaknesses
* Collaborates with manufacturing and operations teams to develop secure handling and operational processes for radar systems
* Engages with teams to remediate uncovered weakness in designs, implementations, integrations, and processes for radar systems
* Implement security features and capabilities, develop and execute comprehensive security test strategies at multiple integration levels, and support major milestone deliveries (SRR, PDR, CDR, TRR, PRR)

## **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 8+ years of experience and a Bachelors degree or equivalent education/work experience
* Experience with one or more programming languages (e.g. C/C++, Golang, Rust, Python)
* Experience assessing security of firmware, applications, network, IoT, or embedded systems
* Experience developing features for and improving security of firmware, applications, network, or embedded systems
* Experience building, testing, and delivering production-ready systems, especially for embedded and/or Linux systems
* Familiarity with anti-tamper and reverse engineering mechanisms
* Strong and professional communication skills (written and verbal)
* Strong understanding of the "why" behind product, systems, and security design
* Security clearance not required, but must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

## **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Familiarity with security architectures of embedded, aerospace, or cyber-physical systems
* Fluency in modern USG cyber methodologies, including Cyber Survivability guidance and related policy (JSIG, ICD 503, CSEIG, SSECG, NIST SP 800-160, Cyber T&E Guidebook, CMMC, etc.)
* Experience with programmable logic devices and their development tools
* Regularly builds, tests, and delivers production-ready systems, especially for embedded and/or Linux systems

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$144,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
