---
title: Trainer, Air Defense
status: active
id: '5106302007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5106302007?gh_jid=5106302007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-15T09:13:23-04:00'
location: Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Air Defense Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Defense team builds robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of UAS threats. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems in challenging operational environments worldwide.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Mission Operations Engineer to join our USSOCOM System Integration Partner Program. In this role, you will resource and help execute world-class technical training instruction to our partner components and their unique demands. Further, you will be the counter unmanned systems (cUAS) subject matter expert for components and help them resource realistic training and manage all hardware and software configuration of cUAS-peculiar equipment under the USSOCOM family of CUaS systems. Multi-functional work and proactive communication across internal teams will help you drive the end-to-end customer experience. If you are passionate about educating others on ground-breaking technology, contributing to the national security mission, interacting alongside professionals that span a wide-range of disciplines, and providing best-in-class training support, Anduril is interested in speaking with you.  
  
We are a fast-growing company at the early stages of our growth and you will be expected to immediately develop and own material and projects during your time on the team which will have a significant impact on the Program’s trajectory. Anduril fosters a diverse, collaborative, culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership and professional growth.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Deliver training and education to SOF (Special Operations Forces) components across the entire Systems Integration Partner family-of-systems
* Contribute to training curriculums (eg, POIs) across a variety of platforms, ranging from computer-based simulations and knowledge portals to hands-on individual and collective training
* Collaborate with SOF component customers and own the cUAS problem for them by identifying knowledge gaps, training opportunities, and building solutions
* Create and update training material for Anduril and partner product capabilities
* Manage the end-to-end hardware and software configurations for all assigned cUAS equipment
* Build bridges between SOF components and Anduril, serving as the internal voice of the customer to all Anduril teams and capturing product updates and supporting training for end users

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8 years work experience
* Ownership mentality with strong initiative in managing your own work in isolated environments
* Resourcefulness. You should have a natural bias towards action and assume responsibility very early on in your Anduril career
* Independent collaborator. You should be comfortable representing Anduril at a remote site, co-located with the customer, and work well to push your customer’s capabilities while
* Training background. Ideally planning training events, developing curriculum and/or delivering training
* Comfort with communicating complex thoughts simply across various methods of communication and tools
* Enthusiasm towards transforming US and allied military capabilities with advanced technology
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Special Operations experience required, Naval Special Warfare (NSW) experience highly preferred
* Willing to travel up to 50%

Position is full-time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek / Fort Story in Virginia Beach, VA but requires travel to support customer delivery and training events worldwide.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
