---
title: Senior Project Manager, Manufacturing Development, Space
status: active
id: '5106436007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5106436007?gh_jid=5106436007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T19:37:08-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T13:11:46-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Manufacturing Development team defines the ‘What’, ‘When’, ‘Why’ and ‘How’ for manufacturing, from new product development (NPD) and new product introduction (NPI) to manufacturing operations. This role includes managing the rollout of MDP across multiple product lines, tracking project progress and risks, developing and deploying business processes and templates, and championing best practices across global manufacturing engineering teams. The successful candidate will have a mix of both business and technical acumen, with a strong focus on the product lifecycle and concurrent engineering principles. 

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Manufacturing Development team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Development Project Manager to grow and implement the Manufacturing Development Process (MDP) – a comprehensive framework that enables Manufacturing Engineering teams to pull production readiness to the left and produce effectively at scale. This role will support highly complex products within our Space Business Line that are being built at Anduril for the first time ever. If you are excited to distill Anduril’s vision for manufacturing into actionable initiatives and deploy them across products, teams, and sites, then this role is for you.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Introduce the MDP framework to a diverse set of stakeholders within the Space Business Line, including Design Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Manufacturing Operations, Technical Program Management, and Production Program Management. Socialize the business process and accompanying resources with cross-functional partners, including Supply Chain, Configuration Management, Quality, and more.
* Lead Manufacturing Engineering teams through MDP rollout and implementation for a highly complex space vehicle. Create and maintain an Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) aligning manufacturing milestones across program schedules for 5-7 product lines and functional teams, with a strong focus on Spacecraft Assembly, Integration, & Test (AI&T). Establish accountability for MDP execution, track progress, facilitate action item closure, personalize resources, and prioritize team activities and deliverables.
* Communicate the importance of MDP and how it contributes to production success to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Identify and execute tailored communication strategies to match stakeholder interests. Build relationships, collaborate closely with cross-functional partners to deeply understand their pain points, and influence the change needed to reduce or resolve them.
* Track manufacturing readiness and associated risk over time. Articulate manufacturing readiness to diverse, cross-functional audiences. Synthesize both engineering and production information to identify and escalate manufacturing risks.
* Facilitate phase gate evaluations alongside Manufacturing Engineering teams. Shape presentation content and guide messaging to cross-functional stakeholders. Provide feedback on best practices and lessons learned to help define and share what good looks like.
* Guide the Manufacturing Engineering and Manufacturing Operations teams through each build cycle, from Concept/Prototype to Low Rate Production. Support the buildout of a development facility and the transition to a production facility. Track path to manufacturing readiness for Full Rate Production. Develop risk buydown plans and drive them to closure.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, manufacturing operations, design engineering, consulting, change management, project management, program management, or engineering transformation.
* 8+ years of experience overall in relevant domains.
* Background in spacecraft manufacturing or space vehicle integration.
* Understanding of the product lifecycle (design/development/production), as well as the purpose of each phase and its associated importance for manufacturing readiness.
* Strong business acumen together with knowledge of design engineering and manufacturing domains.
* Ability to collaborate and influence across all levels and disciplines (individual contributor to senior leadership, Program Management to Supply Chain to Design Engineering, etc.).
* Proven ability to execute operationally while also being able to step back and think strategically.
* Process thinker with a business impact mindset. A desire to learn new things without fear of jumping in.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with defining facility requirements, buildout, development, etc.
* Experience leading organizational change.
* Experience successfully taking new products and/or production systems from development to full-scale production.
* Deep knowledge of co-design/concurrent engineering, as well as manufacturing phases of the product lifecycle.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
