---
title: Connectivity Engineer
status: active
id: '5107257007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5107257007?gh_jid=5107257007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T01:43:50-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Sustainment Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Connectivity Engineer, you will work within the Deployment Operations organization and across the aisle with other engineering and operations groups to design and maintain connectivity solutions for Anduril’s deployed suite of products.Underlying all deployments - whether it be aircraft or ground systems, Anduril products or those integrated, combat zones or close to home - is a diverse array of networking infrastructure connecting assets to one another and their operators. Data link topologies traverse infinite permutations of medium including fiber, MANET, military SATCOM, commercial LEO satellite internet, microwave backhaul, and commercial and private 3G/4G/5G cell networks. The Connectivity team is responsible for performing technical due diligence with customers (both internal and external) to ensure that the correct network architecture is selected for a given mission, assisting with sourcing of the appropriate hardware and subsequent implementation, and supporting the sustainment of production data links using their subject matter expertise.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Work with Anduril’s customers and their networking engineers to architect connectivity solutions
* Calculate RF link budgets, assess risk of lost links and commensurate fallback solutions, and present such findings to operations and engineering teams
* Design and maintain complex network laydowns for ground-based air defense systems, force protection sensor suites, UAVs, and space systems
* Source, evaluate, and maintain networking equipment and services
* Oversee network implementation and execution during demonstration events and production site bring-ups

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years of experience in RF or network engineering with understanding of Layer 3 network design
* Experience with externally-facing technical communication
* Ability to travel up to 15% of the time
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Naturally inquisitive, able to independently research and learn new technical components or concepts
* Experience generating link budgets
* Familiarity with DoD-managed network enclaves (NIPR, SIPR, etc.)
* Experience with mesh networking and/or MANETs
* Familiarity with NSA Type 1 encryption or FIPS compliance
* Experience in InfoSec or computer security

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
