---
title: Lead Production Technician
status: active
id: '5107568007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5107568007?gh_jid=5107568007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T13:03:17-04:00'
date: '2026-04-15T16:11:55-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Autonomous Airpower Manufacturing Operations : Production Operations'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**

Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyperscale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.

**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
  
We are seeking an experienced and detail-oriented Lead Production Technician to oversee and coordinate the technical fabrication, assembly, integration, and testing of complex electro-mechanical and avionics systems. The ideal candidate will provide technical guidance, ensure quality standards, and collaborate closely with engineering and production teams in a fast-paced environment.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead and mentor a team of technicians in aircraft, automotive, or similar fabrication and assembly processes, including structural fabrication, mechanical integration, composites fabrication, and avionics build/integration/test.
* Supervise and participate in airframe construction techniques such as riveting, use of mechanical fasteners, nut plates, and ensure adherence to quality standards.
* Oversee mechanical assembly of complex electro-mechanical assemblies, high-quality wire harnesses, test racks, junction boxes, and component fabrication including hand soldering.
* Coordinate and perform validation and testing of electronic components using equipment such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, network analyzers, and test racks.
* Review and verify wiring diagrams and assembly instructions to ensure accurate build and integration.
* Manage workflow in a dynamic environment, rapidly adjusting roles and responsibilities to meet production priorities and deadlines.
* Facilitate effective verbal and written communication between technicians, engineering, and production teams to resolve technical challenges and improve processes.
* Assist in troubleshooting and diagnosing issues discovered during functional checkouts and tests.
* Ensure compliance with safety protocols and regulatory requirements.
* Working in digital tools to interpret KPI's and execution
* Delegation/flow down of daily workorders to techs
* Lead daily stand ups.
* Conduct and complete FOD audits at the start and end of each shift.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Demonstrated broad experience with aircraft, automotive, or similar fabrication, assembly, and operation including both structural and electronic systems.
* Proficient with hand tools, light power tools, and standard computer applications (web browsers, word processing).
* Working knowledge of electrical components and ability to read wiring diagrams.
* Strong organizational skills with the ability to lead a team and manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
* Excellent communication skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Experience with validation, testing, and mechanical assembly of complex electro-mechanical systems.
* U.S. Citizenship is required.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Prior hands-on experience building kits, models, or similar product lines.
* Experience programming integrated digital systems by loading firmware.
* Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) license or equivalent training.
* Forklift certification.
* Experience in piece-part fabrication such as sheet metal work (waterjet, press brake) and subtractive manufacturing (machining).

US Hourly Range

$32—$42 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
