---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Edge Compute and Communications
status: active
id: '5107241007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5107241007?gh_jid=5107241007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T23:25:37-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Seattle, WA
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril Software Engineers in the Connected Warfare (CW) Division build, deploy, integrate, extend, and scale Anduril's software on hardware systems to deliver mission-critical capabilities to our customers at the tactical edge. As the software engineers closest to customers/end-users, Mission Software Engineers solve technical challenges of operational scenarios while owning the end-to-end delivery of winning capabilities.  
  
As a Senior Software Engineeron the **ECC** Engineeringteam, you will contribute to the creation of new products, features, and solutions to address a wide variety of customer problems involving software, hardware, networking, autonomy/robotics, systems integration, and more. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. Above all, Mission Software Engineers are driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an *expedient*, *scalable*, and *methodical* way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality. You will work on products like the Menace Family of Systems to bring integrated C4 capabilities to the tactical edge.   
  
We are working on cutting edge, complex systems that must deliver critical capability on aggressive timelines to outmatch the pacing threats and empower our customers with commercial style technologies that they can immediately use for defense. We are looking for talented, organized, growth mindset, Software Engineers who appreciate ownership, autonomy, and direct customer engagement when designing, architecting, building and collaborating with our software, hardware, operations, SRE, and business development teams to exceed customer expectations and bring new products and capabilities to market.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* You will work closely with Product Managers, Business Development, and other engineering teams (internal and external), executing on our SDLC process from concept, development, production and fielding.
* Own areas of the ECC software solution that are deployed to customers
* Build scalable systems
* Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to more customers
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality
* Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps
* Partner with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints
* Travel up to 30% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world
* Brief executives (internal and external) and high ranking officials

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* 4+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Rust, Go, JavaScript, etc.
* Experience working with Linux and/or Nix/NixOS.
* Experience building software solutions involving hardware integrations
* Experience building scalable solutions on edge infrastructure
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* Passionate about working on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Be data driven and customer outcomes focused
* Experience using AGILE methodologies and execution

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS (No minimum requirements, maximum ~5-6 bullet points)**

* Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent degrees
* Prior military service/contractor experience working with edge computing and tactical networking
* Experience at technology startups
* TS/SCI active or eligible

US Salary Range

$129,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
