---
title: Senior Solutions Architect
status: active
id: '5108253007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5108253007?gh_jid=5108253007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T19:56:31-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T17:26:33-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Connected Warfare Division builds mission-critical systems that enable global command and control for time-sensitive, multi-domain operations. By fusing robotics, sensor networks, and advanced software, we create connected mesh ecosystems that empower our military partners with a comprehensive source of truth for rapid decision-making. Our Mission Command group is at the forefront of delivering software solutions that integrate seamlessly with hundreds of thousands of endpoints worldwide, ensuring operational superiority on a global scale.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Solutions Architects play a pivotal role in Mission Command, tying together what we are doing across engineering, program management, and growth. They work with growth from the earliest stages of customer engagement to understand user needs and collect requirements and then they help create proposal packages, roadmaps, staffing plans, and compelling demos to win programs.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Shape requirements of complex programs, develop significant engineering and staffing plans to deliver on roadmaps to meet customer needs and timelines
* Develop presentations, RFI responses, and white paper templates for other Solutions Architects to use as an 80% solution
* Be a trusted partner to growth and engineering to represent both the current state of MC capabilities, as well as the art of the possible, with senior government customers and leadership at partner companies
* Come up with an exercise strategy and approach to increase PWin of future opportunities, then execute on that strategy, leading large-scale exercise execution
* Work with external companies to strategize on prototypes of combined capabilities, then lead complex delivery of these prototypes in coordination with engineering
* Exhibit autonomy in completing tasks and shoulder ownership of multiple complex deliverables
* Be trusted across Anduril as a go-to person when initial technical conversations with Mission Command about potential partnerships and opportunities are needed
* Navigate complex organizational and engineering problem sets while balancing them with timelines, budgets, and people. This requires strategic thinking and creative problem solving that aligns with the organization’s short and long-term goals

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Understanding of military operations and command structures
* Knowledge of mission systems or battle management systems
* 2-3 years of experience supporting proposal and capture activities, including familiarity with DoD acquisition processes
* 5-8 years of experience in hands-on technical work, such as software development experience
* Experience in applying technical expertise to solving integrated system challenges with the application of commercial products to include demonstration
* Experience in network infrastructure, protocols, and technologies
* Willing to travel up to 25%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in technical leadership roles, such as an engineering manager
* Experience in rapid capability fielding activities, or equivalent commercial capability delivery
* Experience in transitioning prototype efforts into production, whether from the technical lens or as a proposal leader
* Technical leadership experience with demonstrated capability to deliver impactful solutions within balanced cost, schedule and technical objectives of a complex research and development activity
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Experience with military software standards, such as CoT, Link-16, ASTERIX, etc.
* Advanced degree in a relevant technical discipline

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
