---
title: 'Senior Mechanical Engineer: Mechanisms, Space'
status: active
id: '5108282007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5108282007?gh_jid=5108282007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-15T13:31:09-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Mechanical Engineering '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

WHAT YOU’LL DO 

* Create mechanisms (optical focus, shutters, filter wheels, etc.) for space payloads ranging from small cameras to large telescopes that survive the launch and space environments

* Review literature and parallel applications to inform architecture and selection

* Run hand calculations to size actuators and components

* Select, procure, and rigorously test (e.g., environmental, accelerated life) actuators and sensors; this includes architecting test plans, overseeing test setup development, characterizing performance, and reporting findings to inform integration

* Own hardware design from concept to launch, intelligently pacing design maturity with a holistic program view

* Use first principles for every decision and continuously simplify designs

* Communicate pros/cons of system architectures with respect to mechanism design and performance

* Lead subsystem design reviews and provide clear status updates on timelines and technical progress

* Build prototypes, analyze failures, and transition successful designs to flight hardware and low-rate production

* Create excellent technical documentation (presentations, test plans/reports, procedures, drawings, specifications, etc.)

* Mentor junior engineers

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 

* BS or higher degree in engineering or hard science

* Ability to obtain and hold U.S. Top Secret security clearance

* 5+ years of mechanism design experience with space hardware and demonstrated track record of success fielding flight hardware

* Mechatronics experience: review datasheets, select components, interface with actuators and sensors, architect and prototype control loops, and facilitate integration into higher level mechanical/electrical assemblies

* Coding experience in Python, MATLAB, or C++ for analytical models, data acquisition/automation

* Experience using microcontrollers for prototyping such as Arduino, RasPi, STM, or other

* Experience with high-reliability design, athermalization, and vibration/shock resistance

* Experience with mechanical alignments, kinematic mounting, and qualification test campaigns

* Excellent attention to detail, highly motivated, self-starting, and autonomous

* Organized with ability to define scope and requirements for ambiguous problems

 

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 

* Hands-on technical project experience (academic, extracurricular, or personal)

* Experience in related industries

* Structural or thermal testing experience

* CAD proficiency and ability to create engineering drawings meeting industry standards

* Hands-on fabrication and assembly skills with hand tools, mill, lathe, etc.

* Strong fundamentals in optics, heat transfer, statics, solid mechanics, and materials

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
