---
title: Lead R&D Technician
status: active
id: '5109532007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5109532007?gh_jid=5109532007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T16:02:56-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production : Production Operations'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The R&D Lead Technician orchestrates the daily activities and work allocation for a team of R&D technicians, beginning each day by dynamically setting priorities and allocating tasks, often interpreting limited initial instructions and adapting to rapid changes. They are deeply hands-on, actively supporting the build, troubleshooting, and assembly of complex AUVs and electromechanical assemblies, while rigorously upholding all safety procedures to ensure a secure working environment. They serve as the critical communication point of contact, interfacing regularly with engineering teams to provide vital technical feedback and progress updates, and coordinating with production stakeholders to navigate evolving requirements. Ultimately, they share the responsibility for the daily success, quality, and timely completion of all R&D builds, proactively identifying and resolving roadblocks to meet project objectives under demanding conditions.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Contribute to all stages of the vehicle product development and manufacturing life cycle and provide feedback to the engineering team
* Build, integrate, and test complex electro-mechanical assemblies into our world class AUVs
* Apply competency in use of hand tools, assembly tooling and general manufacturing equipment
* Complete transactions in computer production systems (MES, NetSuite, JIRA) on daily basis
* Provide training and support new operator training as required.
* Show up every day with a high level of urgency and enthusiasm to get the job done
* Handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines.
* The Lead R&D Technician will report to the Production Supervisor and work alongside other R&D Technicians, leading technician staff in the production and delivery various commercial & development products
* While executing manufacturing operations, apply a higher level of knowledge and skills in hardware assembly, troubleshooting and repair.
* Prioritize work activities for operators to achieve target on time delivery goals. Handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines. Ensure they are working on the right thing at the right time.
* Be an active participant in 5S and continuous improvement activities. Provide feedback on ways to improve building process.
* Build a positive and collaborative team culture that promotes product knowledge, skills development, and X-training

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years of electronics experience in an R&D environment.
* Ability to work through R&D tasks with limited oversight
* Experience with building and troubleshooting cables and wiring harnesses.
* Familiar and comfortable with soldering, crimping, assembling cables and connectors
* A full understanding of the product life cycle (NPI to scaled production), LEAN manufacturing principals
* Extremely reliable, organized and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Familiarity with reading electrical system and component schematics.
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, data acquisition and measurement sensors.
* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills.
* Able to pivot quickly between tasks and prioritize simultaneous tasks in a fast-paced environment.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with machining, sheet metal fabrication, and 3D printing
* Demonstrated sense of drive and ability to work in cross-functional teams effectively
* Test items ranging from small integrated electronics systems to large structures
* Build test equipment and execute test procedures to inform and validate design decisions
* Previous experience hoisting equipment or MA state hoisting license (overhead gantry, rigging)
* Experience in sub-sea robotics (AUVs, UUVs, underwater equipment)

US Hourly Range

$41—$54 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
