---
title: 'Senior Technical Program Manager, Discovery '
status: active
id: '5109338007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5109338007?gh_jid=5109338007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-16T17:15:58-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : BladeRunner'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Discovery business line is seeking a talented Technical Program Manager to join our rapidly growing team. In this role, you will be responsible for shaping and delivering features and services critical to the next generation of air and missile defense systems. This role requires a unique blend of technical expertise, program management experience, customer focus and an understanding of the defense sector and military systems. You will work closely with engineering, product, business, and government stakeholders to deliver innovative solutions that meet the needs of our customers and partners.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Program Management: Align program roadmaps, manage timelines, and allocate resources to ensure successful delivery and production-quality. Balance competing priorities across multiple products and programs in a fast-paced, startup environment.
* Cross-functional Collaboration: Serve as the primary liaison between engineering teams, product management, and external stakeholders—including defense contractors and government entities. Align cross-functional teams on their goals, dependencies, and deliverables. Drive effective communication and collaboration across distributed teams and locations.
* Technical Expertise: Understand the architecture, dependencies, and technical challenges of defense-related systems. Support engineering teams in resolving technical issues, making trade-offs to meet division objectives.
* Risk Management: Identify and mitigate risks proactively, including technical, schedule, and compliance-related risks. Monitor dependencies, anticipate bottlenecks, and adjust plans as needed to maintain program momentum.
* Stakeholder Management: Manage relationships with key customers, partners, and government agencies, ensuring program alignment with contractual obligations and stakeholder expectations. Prepare and deliver clear program updates, technical briefs, and performance reports for internal and external audiences.
* Process Improvement: Implement and refine processes to enhance program execution and efficiency within a startup environment. Leverage best practices in program management while adapting to the unique challenges of the defense sector. Cultivate knowledge management repositories and CI/CD pipelines to build processes that result in production-quality engineering deliverables.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum 5 years of experience as a Technical Program Manager, Product Manager, Engineering Manager, or Engineer for a commercial technology, aerospace, or defense company
* Strong technical background with familiarity in systems engineering, software development, and networking
* Proven client-facing technical program management and/or systems engineering experience
* Experience  developing and driving engineering plans through Jira and other industry-standard tooling
* Demonstrated ability to translate complex technical issues into business-impact insights
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Proven track record in designing and implementing best practices that drive operational efficiency and sustainable growth
* Exceptional organizational and communication skills
* Willingness to travel as needed (up to 25%, depending on location)
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience building tracking solutions in Palantir Foundry
* Professional or relevant person experience integrating AI into personal or team workflows
* Experience guiding the delivery and operation of distributed systems, CI/CD pipelines, APIs, middleware, 3rd-party software developer experience initiatives, and/or modular system architectures
* Experience managing Test and Evaluation or continuous Quality Assurance of complex software programs
* Strong technical, analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive decisions
* Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or an Engineering discipline

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
