---
title: Senior Test & Evaluation Engineer, Titan
status: active
id: '5109708007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5109708007?gh_jid=5109708007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T11:44:04-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T11:44:04-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is seeking a highly motivated Senior Test and Evaluation Engineer to lead critical test campaigns for our the testing and evaluation of the Army’s Next Generation Command & Control (NGC2) system, Menace Family of Systems, and related cutting-edge products. In this role, you'll collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams and government stakeholders to plan, coordinate, execute, and report on developmental and operational tests across our suite of integrated software and hardware systems.

## Responsibilities

* **Drive End-to-End Testing:** Manage test campaigns from lab-based hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) integration to field validation testing. This will include the software, hardware, and network traffic across a series of nodes customized for varying military applications.
* **Innovate & Execute:** Define test strategies that ensure our systems meet stringent DoD standards and deliver decisive advantages to the warfighter.
* **Collaborate Extensively:** Work closely with Program Management, Engineering, SEIT, external test ranges, and government partners to achieve test objectives. Including parameters outlined as such in MIL-STD-810H

## What You’ll Do

* Develop, execute, and report on system integration, developmental, operational, and customer acceptance tests for Eagle Eye and other Connected Warfare products.
* Create requirements-based, scenario-driven, and operationally relevant test methods. Incorporate customer standards, manage traceability, and ensure robust test metrics.
* Oversee Test Readiness Reviews (TRRs), manage test incidents, and track deficiencies while coordinating with internal teams and external agencies.
* Analyze system performance data in both lab and field environments. Deliver actionable insights and formal test reports to drive improvement.
* Represent the team at reviews, readiness boards, and milestone decision points, ensuring safe and effective test execution.

## Required Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in Systems, Electrical, or Computer Engineering (or a related discipline). Advanced degree preferred; equivalent experience considered.**:**
* 8+ years in system-level test and evaluation of integrated hardware/software systems.
* 3+ years in a technical leadership or test lead capacity.
* Extensive hands-on experience conducting developmental and operational test events in lab and field environments.
* Strong background in requirements development, test planning, verification/validation, and traceability management.
* Familiarity with RF communications, tactical datalinks, and networked C2 systems in DoD operational settings.
* Experience leading test efforts to guide product designs/development via the use of MIL-STD-810H as your foundational reference.

+ Demonstrated experience with System Level Environmental Testing: Climatic Testing, Mechanical/Dynamic Testing, Ingress Protection (IP) Testing (IP5X/IP6X), Corrosion & UV Testing

* Proficient in defining and reporting test metrics (e.g., test coverage, requirements verification, defect closure rates).
* Excellent verbal and written skills; proven ability to brief senior stakeholders.
* Willing and able to travel on an as needed basis.
* Active or immediately eligible for a U.S. Secret security clearance.

## Preferred Qualifications

* Experience with network hardware, related capabilities and scalability testing:

+ Hardware - starshield/kymeta, fulfilling throughput and bandwidth requirements
+ Latency and Jitter
+ Packet Loss Percentages and Root Cause Analysis
+ Security Vulnerabilities (i.e. Penetration Testing)
+ Redundancy and Failover

* Prior experience as a Test Lead on a DoD program or equivalent.
* Knowledge of EMI/EMC, MIL-STD-810 environmental testing, and MIL-STD-1275/1553/1760 standards.
* Experience with test automation frameworks, data analysis tools, CI/CD pipelines, and hardware-in-the-loop environments.
* Exposure to remote, austere, or tactical test operations; eligibility for Top Secret/SCI clearance is a plus.

If you’re ready to leverage your test expertise in a fast-paced, mission-critical environment and ensure that Eagle Eye and our Connected Warfare Systems deliver decisive warfighter capabilities, we want to hear from you. Join Anduril Industries and be a part of our groundbreaking defense innovation.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
