---
title: Production Manager, Composite Manufacturing
status: active
id: '5110264007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5110264007?gh_jid=5110264007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-17T08:59:53-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### 

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Production Manager at ANC, you will be a pivotal strategic leader, orchestrating the daily execution and long-term vision of our operational landscape. This role demands a high-impact professional with a proven ability to lead and drive a diverse portfolio of critical projects, leveraging advanced data analytics and strategic insights to optimize performance, enhance efficiency, and achieve ambitious operational objectives across multiple projects**.** You will be at the forefront of shaping our operational future, ensuring scalable and resilient processes.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead Composite Production Operations: Lead and manage a dedicated team of highly skilled technicians in the production of advanced composite structures, ensuring efficient, high-quality manufacturing and timely delivery.
* Drive Production Excellence: Strategically plan and tactically direct monthly production operations to consistently achieve and exceed on-time delivery (OTD) goals and overall production performance targets, with a focus on composite layup, curing, and assembly processes.
* Champion Quality & Safety: Instill a culture of uncompromising quality and safety, rigorously upholding standards unique to composite manufacturing (e.g., material handling, cure cycles, NDT, ply-level inspection), minimizing defects, and fostering a secure, compliant, and pristine work environment.
* Develop & Mentor Talent: Develop and mentor production Leads/Supervisors, providing active coaching and support to cultivate professional growth, enhance leadership skills, and facilitate robust cross-training initiatives.
* Lead Continuous Improvement: Drive and implement Lean manufacturing principles (e.g., 6S, Kaizen) and other continuous improvement methodologies to optimize composite manufacturing processes, enhance efficiency, reduce waste (e.g. scrap, rework), and solve complex operational challenges.
* Strategic Communication: Ensure clear and strategic communication of production priorities, progress, potential risks, and resource requirements to senior leadership and cross-functional stakeholders, including close collaboration with the PBP team, fostering a collaborative and informed environment.
* Utilized data-driven analysis and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to strategically direct and optimize advanced composite manufacturing operations for mission-critical structures.
* Manufacturing Maturation: Transition products from development to production grade manufacturing operations. Identify the key areas that need to develop and improve for each product’s manufacturing processes.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 7 years of progressive experience in advanced composite manufacturing and production environments (e.g., aerospace, defense, automotive, marine), including at least 3 years in a direct leadership or management capacity.
* Demonstrated mastery of ERP and MES systems, coupled with a deep, practical understanding and application of NPI (New Product Introduction) processes, Lean manufacturing principles, and change management (ECOs)
* Ability to transition products from development to production. Experience capturing key shop floor metrics (like OEE) and driving actions to improve them.
* Proven track record of success in employee development, coaching, and mentorship, cultivating high-performing teams.
* Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, combined with superior organizational abilities and meticulous attention to detail.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Composite materials and fabrication processes (e.g., pre-preg layup, resin infusion, filament winding, autoclave curing, bonding, machining, pressed composites).
* Exceptional ability to interpret and apply complex technical documentation specific to composites (e.g., engineering drawings with ply schedules, fiber orientation, material specifications, cure cycles, vacuum bagging procedures, work instructions) to effectively troubleshoot composite manufacturing processes, tooling, and equipment.

### 

US Salary Range

$99,000—$131,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
