---
title: Flight Test Engineer
status: active
id: '5111854007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5111854007?gh_jid=5111854007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T17:17:11-04:00'
location: Llanbedr, Wales, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Wales, UK (ETTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on building the next generation of autonomous capabilities by leveraging existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius, bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril's Lattice ecosystem, and developing breakthrough systems that will shape the future of the battlefield. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
As a UAS Flight Test Engineer you will plan, execute and report on developmental and operational flight TEst & Evaluation (T&E) activities. You will work alongside a team of engineers and test specialists assisting in the wider management and coordination of test and evaluation within the UK, US and Europe under both civil and military approval schemes.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* As a Flight Test Engineer you will determine and develop various approaches to achieve T&E goals and help guide and perform the completion of test activities.
* This position will focus heavily on new aircraft development, with an emphasis in electronics, avionics, propulsion, flight characteristics, rugged design, and quality at scale.
* Test duties include system and sub-system level T&E of hardware and software. As part of this process you will support or lead test planning, establish test measures of success, conduct test (ground and flight), analyze test performance, and produce high quality reports to inform future development.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS**

* A Master’s degree in an applicable field of engineering and 3+ years’ flight test experience.
* Expertise and working knowledge of UAS operating rules and regulations in the UK.
* Experience in designing and executing rigorous test protocols for new and developmental systems and skillful in data analysis.
* Thorough understanding of COTS and bespoke UAS technologies. Expertise of internal combustion, electric and/or hybrid powertrains. Knowledge of flight control systems and flight dynamics of small, medium and/or large rotorcraft.
* Knowledge of EO/IR/Lidar sensor payloads and the intricacies required to plan and execute tests when deployed on maneuverable rotorcraft.
* An understanding of and passion for engineering quality concepts, principles, codes and experience demonstrating a broad application of those concepts.
* Quick learner with the capacity to accurately implement new concepts and effectively organize, schedule and manage multiple project phases.
* Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with strong interpersonal abilities. Comfortable in a dynamic, team-oriented environment performing complex tasks in one or more engineering areas.
* Flexibility to work additional hours and travel for testing activities as required by the business.
* Valid driver's license
* Ability to immediately obtain and maintain a UK security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS**

* Formal T&E training at a recognized Test Pilot School.
* Experience within developmental and operational test & evaluation organizations.
* Direct experience with UAS design or operational deployment.
* Advanced knowledge of UAV testing methodologies and data analysis.
* Hold UK General VLOS Certificate.
* Remote pilot experience on VTOL UAS.
* Ability to travel up to 50% of the time.
* Familiarity with programming languages such as Go, Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, etc

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
