---
title: Trainer, Electronic Warfare
status: active
id: '5111336007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5111336007?gh_jid=5111336007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T11:12:55-04:00'
date: '2026-04-16T16:36:07-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As an Electronic Warfare (EW) Trainer, you will support Anduril’s Electromagnetic Warfare Business to plan, resource, and execute technical instruction, enabled by a deep understanding of our products and each customer’s unique demands. You will serve as a subject matter expert on Anduril’s EW systems, training users across the globe to include potentially hazardous operational environments. You will also help drive adoption of our products by understanding user workflows and surfacing pain points. Multi-functional work and proactive communication across internal teams will help you drive the end-to-end customer experience. If you are passionate about teaching ground-breaking technology, contributing to the national security mission, interacting alongside professionals that span a wide-range of disciplines, and providing best-in-class training support, Anduril is interested in speaking with you. We are a fast-growing company at the early stages of our growth and you will be expected to immediately develop and own material and projects that will have a significant impact on the trajectory of the programs you support. Anduril fosters a diverse, collaborative, culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership and professional growth.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Create, shape, and manage training collateral for EW systems and capabilities**

+ Work with engineers, program managers, and subject matter experts to convert Pulsar capabilities and tasks, techniques, and procedures into learning objectives with matching course content
+ Design training curricula across a variety ofplatforms, including presentations, hands-on practicals, computer-based training, and simulations
+ Ensure instruction and training collateral remain current and updated for new features and functionality
+ Manage training material repositories and supervise version control coordination

* **Orchestrate the expeditionary delivery of training on Anduril systems**

+ Lead presentations and hands-on instruction, to include customer sites, hazard zones, and Anduril test sites
+ Educate end users from military, government agency, and commercial sectors on Anduril’s hardware and software offerings

* **Collaborate across nearly every Anduril team**

+ Work across a wide range of Anduril teams, including product development, engineering, design, and operations to capture product updates and support training of end users

* **Serve as the voice of our customers**

+ Build a bridge between our end users and Anduril, capturing feedback, identifying pain points, and informing the development of new product features

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Training background with expertise in planning, developing, and delivering technical instruction.
* Experience employing EW, RF, and/or SIGINT systems.
* Strong working knowledge of the electromagnetic spectrum and RF theory.
* Ability to travel up to 50%, to include travel to Hazard Zones, for approximately 20-30 days at a time.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a Secret / TS security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Ownership mentality with strong initiative in managing your own work and that of others. You should have a natural bias to assume responsibility.
* Prior military or government agency experience; Master Training Specialist (or equivalent) is a bonus.
* Tactical EW experience. Special Operations or expeditionary government agency experience is a bonus.
* Experience or certification in testing and validation of RF systems.
* Experience explaining technical terminology and solutions to a non-technical audience.
* Adaptive, creative communication style that fits a variety of audiences and works across a variety of mediums.
* Ability to work in cross-functional environments and influence others with no hierarchical relationship.
* Enthusiastic about transforming US and allied military capabilities with advanced technology.

### 

US Salary Range

$98,000—$148,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
