---
title: Senior Product Test Engineer
status: active
id: '5111123007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5111123007?gh_jid=5111123007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:46:26-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T12:41:00-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Engineering Services'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are looking to bring in a Product Test Engineer to support our test equipment deployment to various manufacturing and contract manufacturing sites and support in identifying testing improvement and solutions to our internal test development team. This person will work with the rest of the organization to identify gaps in test coverage, perform initial root cause analysis on failed products and support in implementing changes necessary to ensure product quality. A strong Product Test Engineer will need to have a proven track record of performing root cause analysis on field or manufacturing defect failures with a background in integration and sustainment.

#### What You’ll Do

* Validation of automated test systems and deployment to manufacturing lines.
* Own RF test strategy and coverage for EW systems across development and manufacturing.
* Drive improvements in RF test architecture, scalability, and production readiness.
* Create, maintain electrical test systems through the full lifecycle of development, implementation, scaling, and refinement.
* Improve and sustain existing test systems to improve automation, consistency, and coverage.
* Document test plans, user instructions and manuals.
* Execute testing as required.
* Determine root cause of product failures and recommend appropriate corrective actions.
* Work with Design, Quality and Manufacturing Engineering teams to support customer returns and failure analysis.
* Disposition production materials on hold and take corrective actions to troubleshoot processes to support new product integration.
* Validate through regression testing when issues and corrective actions are resolved.
* Train technicians on equipment use as required.

#### Basic Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or related fields
* 5+ years of relevant experience in manufacturing tests, RF validation, or hardware/system integration.
* Experience with contract manufacturers in the testing of PCBA/electronic assemblies. Thorough knowledge of PCBA testing standards and methods.
* Familiarity with Python, LabVIEW and/or MATLAB for data parsing and data visualization
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, spectrum analyzers, data acquisition and measurement sensors.
* Strong root cause analysis skills of non-conforming hardware.
* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills.
* Ability to travel to and work at remote sites supporting test integration, commissioning and sustainment of test equipment as required.
* Strong understanding of RF fundamentals including S-parameters, impedance matching, signal integrity, and RF signal chains.
* Comfortable with up to 25% travel

#### Preferred Qualification:

* 8+ years of relevant industry experience
* Master’s degree in electrical engineering, Electronics Engineering, or related field.
* Familiarity with Linux, Ubuntu and NixOS.
* Hands-on experience with RF lab equipment such as VNA, spectrum analyzers, and RF signal generators.
* Experience with test automation, PCBA design and mechanical design.
* Experience supporting RF production testing, EW systems, or wireless/communications hardware.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$183,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
