---
title: Senior Flight Test Engineer
status: active
id: '5111819007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5111819007?gh_jid=5111819007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T17:16:56-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on building the next generation of autonomous capabilities by leveraging existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius, bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril's Lattice ecosystem, and developing breakthrough systems that will shape the future of the battlefield. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
As a Senior UAS Flight Test Engineer you will plan, execute and report on developmental and operational flight Test & Evaluation (T&E) activities. You will work alongside a team of engineers and test specialists assisting in the wider management and coordination of test and evaluation within the US, UK and Europe under both civil and military approval schemes.

### What You'll Do

* Conduct rigorous testing and evaluation of Group 3 UAS to ensure performance and reliability.
* Deploy to remote test sites within the US, with opportunity to support trials in overseas locations.
* Participate in weekly stand-ups and provide progress reports to program and T&E leadership.
* Develop and execute focused test plans for internal and customer trials.
* Develop and implement baseline safety plans to mitigate risks during testing.
* Communicate effectively within the team and across the organization.

### Required Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering or a related technical field.
* 8+ years of experience in UAS integration, testing, and project management.
* Ability and willingness to travel >75% time to remote locations in the US and overseas.
* Understanding of the National Airspace System and UAS regulations.
* Practical experience with large UAS testing and development.
* Strong grasp of engineering principles and technical concepts.
* Ability to organize, coordinate work effectively, and document thoroughly.
* Familiarity with rotary-wing and fixed-wing aerodynamics and flight control systems.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
* Self-motivated and able to work independently and in teams.
* Flexibility to work extended hours as needed.
* FAA Part 107 certificate holder.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

### Preferred Qualifications

* Advanced degree in engineering, robotics, computer science, or a related field.
* Hands-on experience with complex and autonomous UAS.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$183,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
