---
title: 'Senior Business Operations Engineer, Air Dominance & Strike '
status: active
id: '5111292007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5111292007?gh_jid=5111292007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-16T15:55:01-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Business Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The goal of Anduril’s Air Dominance and Strike Division is to fundamentally reshape the way future peer to peer conflicts are fought by developing next generation Collaborative Combat Aircraft ([Fury](https://www.anduril.com/fury)), missiles such as [RoadRunner](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner/) and [Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda/), and the [Mission Autonomy](https://www.anduril.com/lattice/mission-autonomy) software that is the brain of these products.  
  
We’re in a race to build these products at scale. We need resilience in our supply chain, accelerate our ramp to production, iterate on design and quality through our test program, and ensure we’re maximizing operational effectiveness in the field. The operations that support and accelerate the product. The AD&S Operations team is a small but mighty team of business builder-operators who enable the division to scale through hyper-growth while breaking as few things as possible.

### ABOUT THE JOB

 We’re looking for ambitious, strategic engineers that want to build to accelerate every step of the way. We’re building an end-to-end ecosystem of first-class, operational software solutions that leverages data and AI to build and operate our products rapidly, at scale.  
  
Example projects include

* Develop our test data infrastructure in collaboration with our Flight Test and Engineering teams to ensure our products get in the hands of engineers across a variety of system configurations and deployed environments
* Partner with our Field Operations teams to architect and build a fleet management system that monitors the operational performance and reliability of our aircraft in the field, enabling us to achieve maximal uptime of our products
* Collaborate with the production team to design and implement tools and metrics that allow us to scale production of our products from 1s to 1000s and enable rapid introduction of new products into the manufacturing line

### **What you’ll do**

* Set project impact, prioritization and timelines
* Build and grow a team of engineers, lead by example, as we grow and scale our business and field operations
* Partner with senior leaders to bring structure, insight, and velocity to Anduril’s highest-priority operational challenges
* Embed with various engineers to understand their workflows and locate their critical problems and bottlenecks
* Identify, structure and leverage various data systems that enables us to build tailored data-driven solutions
* Develop operational apps in a scrappy but effective way, work closely with users to iterate and support outcomes
* Build systems and infrastructure that allows applications to mature, roll out and scale in the field
* Work closely with Anduril’s corporate Analytics team to expand our ontologies and generalize our data and workflow applications across the entire company

### **Who you are**

* 5+ years experience in technical operating roles
* Proof of delivery - you owned a project end-to-end from ambiguity to delivered, scaleable outcome
* Leader - You’re skilled in leading through influence and diving into the details yourself but also have experience in building high-performing teams
* Strong communicator - Demonstrated aptitude for strategic partnerships and communication with (non-)technical Stakeholders
* Engineering fundamentals - Computer Science, Engineering, Physics or similar background
* You’re deeply intellectually interested in the intersection of analytics and the real, physical, atoms-based, hardware world and are motivated by Anduril’s mission
* You’re energized by business impact & a self-starter: you’d rather build an imperfect solution quickly that is used by many people than a perfect solution that collects dust
* Coding experience - used python, SQL, react, typescript or equivalent
* Data system exposure: dbt, Redshift, Looker/Tableau, Palantir Foundry
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
