---
title: Head of Finance, TRS
status: active
id: '5112827007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5112827007?gh_jid=5112827007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-17T20:48:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking a senior finance professional to lead the Tactical Reconnaissance and Strike (TRS) finance team. This role will provide leadership and management of division and business line finance teams as TRS continues to rapidly scale. This person will oversee financial planning and analysis, program finance, strategic finance and pricing and is expected to recommend and execute on new strategies that drive both top- and bottom-line impact.  
  
The TRS finance and business teams will rely on this leader to develop, grow, and sustain strong collaborate relationships with internal and external Anduril stakeholders. In practice, the Head of Finance will support TRS’s rapid growth and make important decisions that drive the long-term success of our business. You will communicate your findings to senior leadership and partner with others to operationalize the hypotheses and takeaways. This role requires a strong interest in solving puzzles with an ability to recognize patterns and collaborate via cross-functional partnerships drive decision-making. You will be tasked with identifying business opportunities, formulating hypotheses, and conducting in-depth analyses which illuminate opportunities to drive success.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Daily partnership with Senior Leaders within TRS to bring first class financial expertise and fractional CFO level support to the business.
* Manage the processes for financial forecasting and budgets, and oversee the preparation of division, business line, product and program level financial reporting.
* Evaluate financial performance by comparing and analyzing actual results with forecasts, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variances.
* Work with senior TRS and corporate finance leaders to identify and implement ways to improve business performance and finance systems, tools and processes.
* Lead the development of executive-level reporting and present financial insights to senior management.
* Get deep in the operations and support the team in creating bottoms-up, data-driven models to understand segmentation, pricing optimization, scenarios, and financial returns of our products and investments.
* Manage and scale a dedicated finance team in line with the needs of the business by developing and hiring best-in-class talent and implementing best practices and tools to ensure a well-controlled yet flexible finance organization.
* Own performance dashboards, alerting, and investigation into KPI health. Assess the impact of financial decisions on KPIs while developing strategies which drive demonstrable impact against these metrics.
* Develop deep relationships with our customers (both internal and external) and oversee customer program reporting, monthly invoicing, and monthly financial status reporting.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field; MBA or relevant professional certification (CPA, CFA) is a plus.
* 10-15 years of finance experience working for Big Tech, Defense, Large Manufacturing, or Government contracting, with 3-5 years in a senior leadership position.
* Advanced proficiency in Excel, financial modeling and data analysis tools, and experience with financial reporting tools and ERP systems (i.e. Oracle Fusion, Oracle EPM, Anaplan, Foundry).
* Demonstrated track record of owning problems end-to-end in a finance function.
* Intellectually curious - you seek to understand the why behind the numbers.
* Highly technical - you value precision and accuracy when it comes to your work, and you can rapidly dissect complex quantitative problems.
* Critical thinker - you consider problems from all angles to remove bias.
* Results-oriented - you will do whatever it takes to get the job done.
* Exceptional written and oral communication skills. You drive consensus through grounded arguments, interpersonal skills, and negotiation skills.
* Creative problem-solver - able to identify obstacles and present viable solutions.
* Comfortable working in a fast-moving, ambiguous environment.
* Excited by large breadth of problems.
* Confidence to execute in highly visible and accountable positions.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.
* Must be security clearance eligible.

US Salary Range

$254,000—$336,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
