---
title: UAS Integration & Flight Controller Technician
status: active
id: '5112902007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5112902007?gh_jid=5112902007
lastmod: '2026-06-29T14:00:24-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T14:00:24-04:00'
location: Llanbedr, Wales, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Wales, UK (ETTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on building the next generation of autonomous capabilities by leveraging existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius, bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril's Lattice ecosystem, and developing breakthrough systems that will shape the future of the battlefield. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.

#### ROLE OVERVIEW

As an Uncrewed Air Systems (UAS) Technician, you will be at the forefront of building, configuring, and maintaining Anduril UK's advanced fleet of UAS. This critical role demands expert-level technical proficiency in hardware integration and flight controllers (specifically Pixhawk/Cube Orange), ideally with experience in the flight test environment.

Operating in an extremely innovative and fast-paced environment, your expertise in system architectures, hardware integration, and troubleshooting will directly impact the development and deployment of cutting-edge defense technology. If you are a proactive, safety-conscious, and highly technical professional looking to ensure our systems are integrated to the highest standard, this is an unparalleled opportunity.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* UAS Hardware Integration: Lead the physical integration, setup, and configuration of UAS platforms, including advanced flight controllers (Pixhawk and Cube Orange), GPS modules, telemetry, and payload systems.
* Flight Controller & Firmware Management: Serve as the subject matter expert on flight controller configuration, calibration, firmware management, and parameter tuning using relevant ground control station software.
* Maintenance & Troubleshooting: Conduct thorough pre-flight, in-flight, and post-flight diagnostics, undertaking field maintenance, hardware modifications and fault rectification on UAS platforms to ensure operational readiness.
* Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate closely with engineering, flight test, and project teams to provide technical feedback on UAS performance, integrate new technologies and help develop safe systems of work.
* Documentation & Safety: Maintain technical records, maintenance logs and configuration control documentation.
* There will be opportunities to achieve and maintain UAS flight qualifications as the needs to the business dictate.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS / EXPERIENCE

* Expert-level technical proficiency with Pixhawk and Cube Orange Flight Controllers, including hands-on experience in their integration, setup, configuration, advanced troubleshooting and custom parameter tuning.
* Proven experience in aviation maintenance, electronics, robotics, or a related technical field, with a deep understanding of UAS system architectures and flight dynamics.
* Practical hand skills in electronics, soldering, battery management and integration of complex components.
* Strong troubleshooting skills under pressure and the ability to communicate technical issues clearly within multidisciplinary engineering and flight teams.
* Willingness to work flexible hours and travel to support field integration and flight test operations.
* Valid driver's license and the ability to obtain a UK Security Check (SC) clearance or higher.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS / EXPERIENCE

* Practical experience or exposure to flight testing environments, including operating within the UK Civil or Military UAS regulatory regimes.
* Experience integrating and testing UAS designed for challenging environments
* Hold a valid UK CAA General Visual Line of Sight Certificate (GVC) or A2Certificate of Competency (CofC) with demonstrated competence in planning and executing UAS flight operations.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
