---
title: Product Operations Manager, Mission Success
status: active
id: '5113582007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5113582007?gh_jid=5113582007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T14:20:31-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Product Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## 

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Mission Success Product Operations team ensures the readiness, reliability, and operational effectiveness of our technologies and products across multiple divisions and business areas. Product Operations works at the intersection of engineering, customer deployments, and mission sustainment, with a focus on supporting end-users while driving continuous improvement in product reliability and operational performance for a diverse range of advanced product lines and defense systems. We collaborate closely with cross-functional teams—engineering, product development, manufacturing, and field operations—to address unique, complex challenges with a mission-first mindset.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Mission Success Product Operations Manager, you will play an integral role in supporting the sustained performance, reliability, and mission readiness of our cutting-edge defense technology solutions across multiple business lines. You will work broadly across products that incorporate advanced autonomy, networking, and hardware/software integration. Bringing strong analytical problem-solving skills and a disciplined approach, you will bridge technical expertise and mission understanding with operational execution to ensure maximum value and impact for end users. This role requires a versatile, driven individual capable of working across diverse challenges in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

#### What You'll Do

* Combine mission insight with technical understanding to support operational readiness across multiple product lines, ensuring uptime and recovery of deployed systems.
* Triage, diagnose, and root-cause product incidents, driving postmortem actions—including providing status visibility through resolution. Then abstract incidents and optimize wider system and product reliability. This will include conducting log reviews and diagnostics, as well as utilizing Linux and command-line tools for system management and issue resolution.
* Consistently assess and seek to improve the quality of product observability and health telemetry in partnership with multiple functions across the Anduril platform teams.
* Collect, organize, and analyze system failure data to define trends, drive proactive sustainment processes, and support resource allocation.
* Support Anduril's global customers through proactive communications and detail-oriented execution. You will track and manage customer-facing incidents and concerns, ensuring timely response, mitigation, and communication of resolution.
* Support the evaluation and improvement of product capabilities, analyzing customer communication and feedback for capability requirements, product performance indicators, and desired functionality.
* Maintain awareness of current product specifications across multiple product lines and bridge the gap in understanding between technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Communicate and coordinate technical and non-technical efforts across multiple business, engineering, and sustainment functions, influencing decision-making and driving action to maximize capability availability for end users.
* Evaluate existing processes for bottlenecks and gaps, and work with stakeholders across multiple functions to define and deploy process and tooling solutions.
* Work with sustainment teams to document challenges impacting the quality of sustainment service delivery and define, roadmap, and deliver solutions to address these challenges.
* Travel as required to support customer needs and field operations.

#### Required Qualifications

* Demonstrated experience as a self-starter, able to find and resolve issues independently.
* Strong aptitude for problem-solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution.
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in operational environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the depth and breadth of a technical system.
* Daily practice of excellence and rigor—you execute the 100th rep of a process with the same focus and care as the first five reps.
* Demonstrated success transforming requirements into actionable deliverables and driving progress to outcome delivery.
* Confident navigating ambiguity and crafting new ways of doing things, including defining, influencing, and measuring the output of ambiguous processes.
* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills.
* BA/BS with 6+ years of professional experience.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret Security clearance; holding clearances or background investigations in the past is a plus.

#### Preferred Qualifications

* Experience working in the defense industry or government environments supporting complex technical systems for U.S. military or allied operations.
* Prior military service as or in support of Special Operations Forces (SOF).
* STEM degree and/or Master of Business Administration (MBA).
* Experience supporting and/or performing incident-driven workflows requiring analysis, triage, prioritization, and reporting.
* Experience in on-call support operations and working in limited risk tolerance environments.
* Experience defining, implementing, and supervising sustainment and reliability processes for a defense-focused service or product.
* Experience with and demonstrated understanding of conventional and unconventional weapon systems and their implementation.
* Experience leveraging data analytics to conduct trend analysis and inform business decisions.
* Experience with observability tooling such as Grafana and exposure to software development tooling such as Git.
* Military, DoD, or other government agency experience preferred.
* Willingness to work non-standard hours and weekends as needed.

## 

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
