---
title: Senior Manager, Global Operations
status: active
id: '5113148007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5113148007?gh_jid=5113148007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T18:29:17-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Global Defense Programs : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Global Defense team is serves as the company’s international growth engine, bringing American defense innovation to allied partners worldwide., The team performs core enabling functions for our business, focusing on international business development, strategic partnerships, market expansion, regulatory navigation and localization. Global Defense works in lock step with all Anduril Business Lines and Divisions, as well as the centralized functions spanning engineering, finance, corporate development, production and supply chain, compliance and legal.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Global Operations Senior Manager to join our rapidly growing team in our Costa Mesa headquarters. In this role, you will lead the strategic planning, localization, and operational execution of Anduril's international expansion and product deployments. You will orchestrate across multiple organizations, build and lead industrial cooperation programs, and create frameworks to ensure operational readiness and compliance for our global operations. This will require a deep understanding of international regulations, localization strategies for hardware and software, and robust program performance tracking. If you are someone who thrives in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment, possesses exceptional strategic thinking, and can drive clarity and execution across diverse international programs, then this role is for you.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Orchestrate with cross-functional teams** across Anduril’s business lines, finance, corporate development, engineering, legal, and compliance functions to deliver integrated solutions that meet both Anduril’s international ambitions and customer needs and industrial participation commitments
* In partnership with Anduril business lines, **drive localization operations & execution** for Anduril products in international markets, including adaptation of hardware, software, production, and operational procedures to meet country-specific incentives, requirements and regulations in service of Anduril’s international expansion
* **Develop and manage industrial cooperation programs** with international partners, ensuring compliance with local content requirements and identifying strategic domestic partnerships, collaborating closely with Anduril’s centralized and embedded production, supply chain, and operations and sustainment teams.
* **Build and operate scalable digital infrastructure**, spanning tech and process, to drive clarity across the Global Defense portfolio, specifically across people and programs.
* **Support our international expansion efforts** by leveraging the full weight of Anduril. This includes building and running new operational machines, deeply engaging in large company planning and investment efforts on behalf of international teams, and supporting international teams and Anduril business lines with new market and new region entry of our products and services
* **Drive operational readiness** for international deployments, including training programs, maintenance frameworks, and local technical support capabilities
* **Track and report on international program performance metrics**, including localization milestones, industrial cooperation commitments, and operational KPIs to ensure delivery against contractual obligations

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Demonstrated experience with establishing and working as a part of industrial cooperations, localization programs and/or international partnerships
* High ownership, autonomy and horsepower to manage multiple large programs and priorities across an international portfolio, anchored in experience at a defense or technology company
* Highly effective with data analytics and business intelligence platforms
* Ability to travel internationally up to 50%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with complex systems involving hardware and software
* Experience with M&A, government contract structures, government proposal processes
* Familiarity with enterprise AI and autonomous systems
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in a rapid-paced, complex environment
* MBA or STEM degree

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
