---
title: Technical Program Manager -  Advanced Effects
status: active
id: '5113187007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5113187007?gh_jid=5113187007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T13:07:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
Anduril is seeking driven individuals to join our growing Test and Evaluation team. In the Projecting Engineering role, you will be heavily involved in new development and solving complex problems. You will be positioned at the intersection of a variety of critical teams that you will work with to help progress from initial concept through production ready. Your day-to-day focus will change often as you navigate a complex product development roadmap, but it should include opportunities such as developing a cross-functional strategy, system integration, planning and program execution. Anduril is a rapidly growing company, and the right person for this role should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with many competing priorities.  
  
Candidates for this role should have extensive experience in flight test and DoD developmental efforts. They should be technically inclined and able to comfortably understand core engineering design principals. The right individual needs to be excited about the prospects of working on a growing team and will be expected contribute from day one  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Collaborate on integration, maintenance and testing strategies to achieve program objectives.
* Facilitate and coordinate all aspects of testing activates. Including but not limited to: personnel, equipment, datalinks, test facilities, and legal compliance.
* Act as a Project Engineer for small UAS, missile or weapon systems to include development, certification, and integration tests of subsystems to the AUR configuration.
* Work oversight and guidance of test and integration efforts at the system and subsystem levels
* Communicate clearly, and in writing, all facets of a flight test program to include test plans, test procedures, flight cards and test reports.
* Work with multiple cross-department organizations to plan test events and lead the successful execution of those test events.
* Participate in requirements development and design reviews with various engineering teams
* Support safety review boards and test readiness reviews.
* Leading or contributing to RCCA teams or initiatives
* Facilitation/creation of associated system documentation (system manuals, checklists, acceptance procedures, etc)
* Responsibility and authority are equal with skills, experience, and program objectives
* Coordination includes project and test progress status, interfacing with program leadership, preparing and maintaining technical and tactical level schedules and plans, and managing resource constraints
* Work closely with internal and external customers, when needed
* Responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company.
* Test execution responsibilities, when needed, include T&E of hardware and software with emphasis placed on resource planning, conducting ground and flight testing, process improvement/development and participating in technical test reviews.
* Establish safe operational procedures and practices.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* A bachelor's degree or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution and 8+ years test engineering experience.
* Ability to travel as required for planning and testing
* Previous experience with and/or current working knowledge of MIL-STD-8591, MIL-STD-2088, MIL-STD-1553, MIL-STD-1760, AS8775, AS5653, etc.
* Previous experience in SRM or liquid propulsion systems testing.
* Expertise and working knowledge of the National Airspace System and UAS operating rules and regulations thereof.
* Must have a complete understanding of engineering concepts, principles, codes, and theory; experience demonstrating a broad application of those concepts; and, expansive knowledge of principles, concepts, theory, and practices in related technical specialties.
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly; apply them accurately; organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; and, determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems.
* Ability to troubleshoot in high-pressure or time-sensitive situations
* Experience in system engineering tools (Jira, Confluence, Sharepoint)
* Strong computer and documentation experience.
* Must have strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills.
* Prior experience as a test director, test conductor or equivalent on flying systems.
* Experience working with the Department of Defense (DoD).
* Familiarity with Linux/Unix OS; comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools.
* Strong mechanical and technical aptitude with tools and electronics.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team; able to perform complex tasks in one or more engineering areas.
* Strong leadership skills, with previous experience in leading a team.
* Able to work extended hours as required.
* Must possess and be able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
