---
title: Payload Engineer, Maneuver Dominance
status: active
id: '5113543007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5113543007?gh_jid=5113543007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-27T15:02:33-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - ME'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril is seeking a Payloads Engineer to join the Maneuver Dominance team at our Costa Mesa HQ. The Maneuver Dominance (MD) Team at Anduril develops aerial robotic systems designed to operate in large coordinated teams in concert with ground maneuver forces. We leverage existing Anduril drone platforms like Ghost, Altius, or Roadrunner, in addition to bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril’s Lattice ecosystem. We develop perception and autonomy algorithms to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers.  
  
As a Payloads Engineer, you will lead/enable mechanical design, analysis and integration of Anduril payloads into host platforms. This is a unique opportunity to grow your expertise in one of the most challenging and differing engineering domains; large autonomous air vehicles. You will work closely with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments as part of a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

+ Develop and integrate hardware payloads on large unmanned vehicles
+ Own designs from concept generation (inc. Systems Engineering) to real world use
+ Use first principles in flight physics and engineering as a basis for every decision
+ Lead design reviews, run analyses, define and execute hardware test plans
+ Coordinate and interface with suppliers, customers, contractors, and engineering groups assigned to projects
+ Build prototypes, analyze failures, and transition successful projects into production
+ Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed
+ Develop and present technical material for reviews and meetings
+ Travel to sites both nationally and internationally as needed

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

+ 5+ years of mechanical engineering, flight physics or related experience in a regulated sector (air, marine, automotive — manned or unmanned)
+ Experience integrating electrical and mechanical subsystems into large air vehicles (ideally unmanned)
+ Flight Physics understanding to enable the delivery of payloads for kinetic interception
+ High competence with, and fluid use of, engineering first principles
+ Competency in engineering analysis
+ Bachelors or higher degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, Flight Physics or Automotive Engineering
+ Ability to obtain and hold a US Security Clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ Experience in NX/Teamcenter
+ Experience in Solidworks
+ Experience designing mechanical parts and test equipment (CAD).
+ Understanding of manufacturing methods (machining, sheet metal, composites, 3D printing, injection molding, composite lamination, etc)
+ Experience developing subsystem layouts, performing architectural trade studies, and evaluating vendor performance data

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
