---
title: Product Data Engineer
status: active
id: '5114654007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5114654007?gh_jid=5114654007
lastmod: '2026-06-29T14:20:26-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T14:20:26-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Configuration Management and Engineering Systems : Configuration
  Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is seeking a **Product Data Engineer** to join our Configuration Management team. As a Product Data Engineer you will work closely with the leaders of critical Anduril programs to manage a highly dynamic and fast-paced design, engineering, and manufacturing environment. The Product Data Engineer will have a massive impact on capturing and defining the baseline for a program’s requirements, design, testing, manufacturing, and sustainment data structures (requirements baseline, EBOM, MBOM, SOM, BOP).   
 **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Be a partner to Product and Program teams by:
* Working with Anduril system, design, and manufacturing engineers to generate, populate and submit configuration item change requests.
* Preparing critical analyses to support change requests while maintaining configuration integrity and traceability (item dependency analyses, test analyses, effectivity plans, inventory disposition analyses etc.)
* Supporting the execution and implementation of change notices across system engineering, design engineering, manufacturing engineering, and supply chain domains.
* Identifying and executing continuous improvement opportunities by building data-driven perspectives of the full product configuration landscape.
* Be the leader of critical configuration management activities and forums by:
* Supporting configuration managers in managing critical program technical forums (Test Review Board, Change Control Board etc.).
* Working with program teams to prepare for critical technical forums (the Change Review Board, the Change Control Board) including preparing of business cases, test data, effectivity plans, inventory disposition plans, etc.
* Documenting and distributing conclusions, decisions emerging from configuration management forums.
* Conduct periodic product configuration record audits by:
* Supporting configuration management reviews and audits, including FCA/PCA and providing direction before, during and after the events to prevent or resolve issues.
* Reconciling released bills of materials against baseline bills of materials by confirming all variances have signed-off change notices.
* Reconciling product as-built-records against released bills of materials by confirming all variances have quality deviations.
* Identifying, analyzing resolving non-conformances; finding and resolving root-causing failure modes.
* Be an expert resource for the Product Teams for Engineering Release and Change Management processes and standards by:
* Using Teamcenter software to manage Engineering changes, including part revisions, EBOM/MBOM/SBOM updates, documentation modifications, and associated workflows.
* Providing guidance and support to Engineering teams in configuring the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Service Bills of Materials (EBOM, MBOM, SBOM)
* Supporting Configuration Managers and Engineers in defining and maintaining configurable product data sets (i.e., 150% BOMs, product variant dictionaries and schema).
* Being a Teamcenter super-user and able to train product team users on workflows.
* Be part of the team defining the future of digital engineering at Anduril by:
* Partnering with engineering teams to set requirements and identify improvement opportunities in existing ways of working by creating tools or enhancing existing workflows.
* Building an end-to-end digital thread that maintains an accurate product definition, system by system, from the definition of requirements to the as maintained record.
* Identifying and piloting opportunities to leverage Anduril’s AI capabilities tools to unlock increased speed, accuracy, and efficiency within Anduril’s configuration management activities.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of configuration analysis or equivalent experience.
* 3+ years of demonstrated experience working in high complexity and high-rate production environments (aerospace, automotive, security systems, medical devices, nuclear).
* Familiar with configuration management principles and practices (EIA649/C, MIL-HDBK-61B).
* Experience with product lifecycle management (PLM) and/or data management toolsets for configuration management of complex products
* Possess high attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills – you must have an ability to synthesize complex quantitative data into clear decision statements.
* BA/BS degree.
* Ability to earn trust, maintain positive and professional relationships, and contribute to our inclusive culture.
* Is able to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Proven experience in aerospace industry.
* Proficient in technical writing of processes and procedures.
* Experience with Teamcenter, Teamcenter Requirements, Teamcenter Quality, Confluence & JIRA.
* Certification in CM2 or equivalent configuration management certification.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
