---
title: Aviation Maintenance Engineer
status: active
id: '5115028007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5115028007?gh_jid=5115028007
lastmod: '2026-07-10T17:18:20-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T17:58:16-04:00'
location: Phoenix, Arizona, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Remote, Arizona
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on building the next generation of autonomous capabilities by leveraging existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius, bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril's Lattice ecosystem, and developing breakthrough systems that will shape the future of the battlefield. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
As an Aviation Maintenance Engineer you will ensure the airworthiness and mission readiness of developmental UAS platforms across assembly, maintenance, and flight test operations. You will work alongside a team of engineers, test pilots, and test specialists, contributing hands-on mechanical expertise to aircraft assessment, maintenance coordination, and reporting on all facets of aircraft readiness. This role is central to enabling safe and efficient developmental flight test under both civil and military approval frameworks.

### What You'll Do

* Assist with many aspects of aircraft assembly, planned and preventative maintenance, and operation including mechanical integration (flight control surfaces, propulsion), composites fabrication, and avionics build/integration/test.
* Troubleshoot, repair, and maintain aircraft and subsystems including landing gear, fuel system, flight control, and propulsion.
* Perform common airframe construction techniques.
* Complete aircraft and equipment documentation.
* Troubleshoot, repair, and maintain site support equipment.
* Communicate mechanical assessment with engineering and production.
* Perform validation and testing of various electronic components using equipment such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, network analyzers, and test racks.
* Perform proper FOD and tool control practices.

### Required Qualifications

* 8+ years rotorcraft experience.
* Valid FAA Airframe & Powerplant (A&P) license.
* Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications).
* Willing to be multi-capable, including some electronics troubleshooting and repair.
* Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to rapidly change roles/responsibilities while working in a fast paced, challenging work environment.
* Willing to travel international and domestic on an as needed basis.

### Preferred Qualifications

* US security clearance eligible.
* Experience with both electric and turbine power plants.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
