---
title: Senior Mechanical Engineer, Rocket Motor Systems
status: active
id: '5116188007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116188007?gh_jid=5116188007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T13:33:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Senior Mechanical Engineer, you will lead a team to conduct mechanical design and analysis of solid rocket motor components, including motor cases, nozzles, propellant grains, igniters, and/or ignition safety components. The right person for this role has a strong command of mechanical design and stress and thermal analysis principles as well as a solid handle on the usage of tools common in industry. If you are someone who is hardware-focused, detail-oriented, and a strong technical leader, then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead a team to perform CAD design activities of mechanical components and finite element analysis of structural and thermal systems.
* Develop and implement the mechanical solution architecture working with a Chief Engineer.
* Plan the team’s tasks and deliverables to achieve project milestones, and maintain accountability for the team's schedule execution and quality of deliverables.
* Ensure functional design reviews are carried out, identify technical risks, and create mitigation plans.
* Generate, review, and release product definition packages (i.e. engineering drawings).
* Create reports and presentations documenting analysis and other supporting work.
* Present to peers and customers in design reviews.
* Support prototyping, manufacturing, and test operations onsite at our manufacturing facilities and suppliers’ facilities.
* Own the development of critical subsystems from cradle to grave.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 8+ years’ experience performing mechanical design and analysis.
* A bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or similar.
* Prior experience operating CAD software and/or FEA software.
* A solid understanding of hardware manufacturability and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Strong communication skills.
* Ability to travel to other Anduril sites, customer sites, or supplier sites as business demand dictates. Anticipated 10-25% travel.
* Ability to obtain and hold a Secret Security Clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Exhibits strong initiative and ownership of tasks.
* Experience with NX CAD software and/or Abaqus FEA software.
* Certification in Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing.
* Expertise in engineering tool development in Microsoft Excel, MATLAB, and/or Python.
* Experience with propulsion systems.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
