---
title: Manufacturing Operations Manager, Roadrunner
status: active
id: '5116867007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116867007?gh_jid=5116867007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T20:05:43-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T21:01:01-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyperscale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.   
  
**ABOUT THE PRODUCT**  
  
The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[**Roadrunner**](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner) product is at its leading edge. Roadrunner is a cutting-edge VTOL (Vertical Take-Off and Landing) counter-UAS interceptor, designed for autonomous air defense operations. It rapidly detects, tracks, and neutralizes hostile unmanned aircraft systems to protect critical assets and personnel.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Roadrunner Team (RLT) will set the standard for building the future at **[Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1),** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.  
  
**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
  
Anduril is seeking a Manufacturing Operations Manager to join our RLT in Ashville, Ohio. The Production Manager will be responsible for planning, coordinating, and controlling manufacturing activities to meet production goals while maintaining safety, quality, and cost-effectiveness.  
  
\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Costa Mesa for a 3-month training program. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead, motivate, and manage a team of production supervisors, front-line team members, and support staff. Provide training, facilitate professional development, and conduct performance reviews.
* Champion an EHS-focused culture by ensuring production processes, equipment, and team members comply with established requirements. Actively work with the EHS team to continuously improve processes and drive accountability to 5S standards.
* Ensure products meet all quality standards and specifications. Implement and utilize quality control processes, participate in improvement and corrective action activities, and drive reduction in variability.
* Work closely with production planning to develop and execute production schedules to meet demand requirements.
* Develop and refine process instructions. Ensure these processes are diligently communicated, trained to, and followed.
* Continuously evaluate and improve production processes to enhance efficiency, reduce waste, and lower costs.
* Coordinate with the maintenance team to ensure all production equipment is optimally utilized.
* Drive urgency and accountability by leveraging tools such as SPC, KPIs, and other performance data analysis. Employ problem solving and data-driven decision-making, and coach the production team to do the same.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Manufacturing, Business Management, or a related field
* 10+ years experience in manufacturing
* 5+ years in manufacturing leadership
* Lean manufacturing experience
* Excellent leadership, organization, and communication skills
* Strong knowledge of production management principles and demonstrated success executing them
* Proficiency in production management software and Microsoft Office
* U.S. Citizen Required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Exposure to multiple production management platforms including ERPs, MESs, and other data management systems
* Experience working in safety and quality critical environments such as energetics, aerospace, chemicals, etc.
* Aircraft manufacturing experience
* Composite materials and advanced manufacturing
* Automation Experience
* Experience with Oracle ERP
* Experience with MES Forge software

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
