---
title: Technical Program Manager, Surface Maritime Engineering
status: active
id: '5116725007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116725007?gh_jid=5116725007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T18:54:32-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking our next **Technical Program Manager** to join our energetic and innovative team that is passionate about expanding autonomous maritime vessel capabilities within a cutting edge environment.  
  
As a **Surface Maritime TPM**, you must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, develop, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits in mission-level autonomous systems software development. This position will have exposure to a wide variety of program planning, organization, and compliance activities. You will have the opportunity to strengthen and develop your business knowledge and expertise by being a part of a fast-growing company that delivers technology solutions to government and industry customers. Preferred candidates will have a strong background in software development programs; contract or subcontract administration; project management; a willingness to learn; be a team player and be able to adapt to the changing needs of a fast-paced technology business.  
  
You will be required to learn technical concepts and employ them quickly. You will be expected to use your technical knowledge in conjunction with your program management skills to lead cross-functional efforts and deliver the best outcome for Anduril and our internal and external stakeholders. This position is available in Costa Mesa, CA.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Ensure successful execution of programs in accordance with desired requirements, on schedule, and on budget.
* **Contract Management**: Provide contract management support including statements of work, change orders, financial management, terms and conditions, data rights assertions, etc. Manage deliverables, including routine status updates and final delivery to the customer.
* **Autonomous Execution**: Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from external clients. Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work. Become a trusted partner to Anduril’s engineers.
* **Technical Ownership**: Drive technical outcomes through meticulous understanding of system performance, managing incident response and after-action, using metrics to derive insights into areas for improvement, quantifying the improvements made through investment in those areas, and maintaining a clear understanding of the state of the system that can be communicated to the customer.
* **Project Planning**: Develop project scope and manage changes through the life of the project. Identify, track, and manage project risks. Generate and maintain project schedules.
* **Customer Engagement**: Interface with DoD/USN customers and other contractors, and be able to represent the technical aspects of the Surface Maritime portfolio. Serve as the “voice of the customer” for follow-on business capture efforts and activities.
* Some travel to support customer or project meetings, system integration, and system testing approximately 25% of the time or less, depending on the phase of the project.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree in Software or Systems Engineering, OR a Bachelor degree in Business Administration or related field and a passion for software development and relationship building.
* 7+ years of experience, specifically in technical program management, software engineering, and/or systems engineering, or related project management in a relevant industry.
* Understanding of government contract structure and reporting.
* Strong analytical abilities, with a high detail orientation and commitment to quality.
* Ability to operate well in a highly regulated business environment.
* Excellent communication skills.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience interfacing with DoD/USN customers.
* Experience in project management, including proficiency with Microsoft Project and Adobe Pro.
* Experience in federal government contracts, data requirements, and delivery forms.
* Knowledge of federal procurement processes and practices, including FAR and DFARS.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
