---
title: Acceptance Test Procedure Technician, Roadrunner
status: active
id: '5116801007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116801007?gh_jid=5116801007
lastmod: '2026-06-01T19:54:18-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T21:03:21-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyperscale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.

#### ABOUT THE PRODUCT

The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[**Roadrunner**](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner) product is at its leading edge. Roadrunner is a cutting-edge VTOL (Vertical Take-Off and Landing) counter-UAS interceptor, designed for autonomous air defense operations. It rapidly detects, tracks, and neutralizes hostile unmanned aircraft systems to protect critical assets and personnel.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Roadrunner Launch Team (RLT) will set the standard for building the future at **[Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1),** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an Acceptance Test Procedure Technician to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will execute and document acceptance tests on various systems and components to ensure compliance with specified requirements and standards. The ideal candidate has strong technical skills, including proficiency with command line usage, troubleshooting software issues, pulling IP addresses, analyzing test logs, and assembling components when needed, as well as a solid understanding of ATP processes on the software side. This position also requires flexibility to travel approximately 50% of the time (about one week on and one week off).  
  
\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Costa Mesa for a 3-month training program. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Execute acceptance test procedures on systems and components.
* Document test setups, procedures, results, and any discrepancies.
* Collaborate with engineers to refine test procedures and criteria.
* Troubleshoot and diagnose issues in systems during testing.
* Ensure compliance with safety and quality standards.
* Maintain testing equipment and ensure proper calibration.
* Support continuous improvement initiatives in testing processes.
* Provide feedback and recommendations for design improvements based on test results.
* Able to perform labor tasks, including lifting up to 35 pounds consistently.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in [specific industry or technology, e.g., aerospace, telecommunications].
* Knowledge of relevant software for data analysis and documentation.
* Certification in quality assurance or testing (e.g., ASQ Certified Quality Technician).
* U.S. Citizen Required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years experience working on ATP
* Proven experience in testing utilizing software and command prompts.
* Basic knowledge of electro-mechanical systems
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
* Proficient in using test equipment and tools.
* Basic knowledge with Linux systems which should include command line (for example creating, deleting, or modifying files and folders as well as changing directories)
* Basic Network experience ( for example, setting, configuring and changing IP addresses for specific tests and communications )
* Ability to frequently lift, carry, or otherwise move objects weighing up to 30 pounds (e.g., equipment, supplies, products), with or without reasonable accommodation.

US Hourly Range

$26—$38 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
