---
title: Export Operations Associate
status: active
id: '5116979007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5116979007?gh_jid=5116979007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-22T09:51:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Mission Success : Training & Adoption'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are looking for an Export Operations Associate to join our rapidly growing team in Southern California. The role of the Export Operations Associate is a critical part of ensuring our hardware gets into our customer’s hands and we can successfully deploy our team to support our customer’s missions.  
  
The Deployments team is responsible for managing the coordination and execution of fielding Anduril’s products and hardware. Working across product teams, engineering, business development, and compliance, Deployment Operations is in charge of coordinating all Logistics and Field Operations. As an Export Operations Associate, you are responsible for generating and reviewing all export documentation to ensure it complies with international trade laws and regulations. This critical role is a vital prior to delivering hardware and software to our customers in mission critical and logistically challenging environments. This will require a deep understanding of logistics, the ability to work across teams seamlessly, a deep appreciation for details, the capability to work in ambiguous situations, and the curiosity to learn new subject matters quickly. As you execute on deliveries for our customers and team members, you have the unique opportunity to improve and grow our capabilities. You will be tasked to solve exceptional challenges, unblock issues, and establish procedures to make sure our customers missions are successful.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Prepare and manage essential export documentation, including commercial invoices, packing lists, certificates of origin, and other required shipping documents.
* Handle the booking, tracking, and tracing of international shipments.
* Ensure accurate preparation and submission of Electronic Export Information (EEI) with freight forwarders Execute at the tactical level daily, while maintaining a long-term strategic focus to forecast needs and develop plans to proactively solve challenges.
* Compile RFQ’s from freight forwarders and collaborate to establish shipment schedule.
* Collaborate with Deployment Operations, Compliance, Warehousing, and other high level internal stakeholders to ensure the shipment lifecycle is executed successfully.
* Provide feedback to internal stakeholders on how the customers’ needs are met to enable continuous improvement.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience in a high energy, fast-paced startup, or logistics environment.
* Highly polished communication skills.
* Experience with various shipping modalities such as air freight, parcel, and over-the-road shipping.
* Proven ability to create commercial invoices, packing lists and certificates of Origin.
* Working knowledge of Harmonized Tariff Schedule (HTS) codes.
* Working understanding of Export Control Classification Numbers (ECCNs) and their purpose in export control.
* Familiarity with various export and import regulations, including the United States Munitions List (USML) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR).
* Knowledge of the financial and regulatory aspects of Incoterms.
* Demonstrate ability to prioritize across multiple projects and drive outcomes.
* Able to adapt in fast-paced environments.
* Ability to work proficiently and stay organized in multiple connecting systems (Oracle ERP, Odoo, Salesforce, JIRA, Slack).
* Basic efficiency in Excel.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Up to 10% travel may be required.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* BA/BS preferred.
* Preferred knowledge of dangerous goods shipping procedures, including the creation of IATA Dangerous Goods declarations.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
