---
title: Senior Scientist
status: active
id: '5117910007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5117910007?gh_jid=5117910007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T14:05:28-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T10:01:50-04:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States; McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering : ARF - Formulation'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril – Rocket Motor Systems is seeking a Lead Scientist to join our organization. The Rocket Motor Systems business line designs, develops, and manufactures next-generation solid rocket motors for defense and space applications. The ideal candidate has extensive experience with numerous types of energetic materials and demonstrated expertise in one area of solid composite propellant manufacture and formulation. This role requires considerable knowledge of energetic materials chemistry, significant experience in rocket motor manufacturing, and demonstrated effectiveness as the principal investigator on internal research and development efforts.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Execute production rocket motor contracts as the program propellant chemist.
* Act as the principal investigator on at least one internal research and development effort.
* Provide technical guidance on explosives chemistry and manufacturing.
* Maintain databases and analyze technical data to ensure specification and regulatory compliance.
* Support implementation of innovative techniques and technologies.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Ph.D. in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or a related field plus two years of experience; or a master’s degree plus four years of experience; or a bachelor’s degree plus six years of experience.
* Minimum of two years of relevant experience within the aerospace/defense industry, preferably in solid rocket motor production.
* Demonstrated expertise in some area of rocket motor manufacture, e.g., composite propellants, energetic materials, case/nozzle/insulation design, solid rocket motor manufacturing.
* Demonstrated problem-solving skills and the ability to operate in a fast-paced, challenging environment.
* Ability to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret Security Clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Ph.D. or M.S. in Chemistry with a concentration in energetic materials, polymer chemistry, or reactive materials.
* Minimum of three years of relevant experience within the aerospace/defense industry, preferably in solid rocket motor production.
* Demonstrated experience formulating propellants at laboratory or production size.
* Active DOD Secret or Top-Secret security clearance.
* At least one publication or presentation within the defense industry in a relevant journal or at a relevant conference.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
