---
title: Software Engineer, Warfighter Systems - SkillBridge
status: active
id: '5117558007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5117558007?gh_jid=5117558007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-22T18:22:44-04:00'
location: Bellevue, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Warfighter Systems Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Bellevue, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Our Warfighter Systems division is pioneering a future where mixed reality (MR), creates immersive, intuitive, and life-saving technologies. By seamlessly integrating real-time data with cutting-edge visualization tools, we are empowering warfighters with unparalleled situational awareness, enhanced training experiences, and operational superiority. This team is consistently pushing the boundaries of what's possible, and shaping a future where technology and defense unite to protect our nation.  
  
Come join one of the strongest performing mixed reality teams in the industry, dedicated to revolutionizing experiences for the warfighter. You will develop and optimize advanced game development and game engine technologies that drive real-time simulation, immersive training, and critical mission planning capabilities. This role requires a blend of deep technical expertise and creative problem-solving skills as you contribute to national defense initiatives while pushing the boundaries of mixed reality.

#### WHAT YOU WILL DO

* Work with one of the industries strongest mixed reality teams to change the landscape for MR on the frontlines and beyond
* Drive prototyping initiatives to experiment with revolutionary mixed reality concepts that set new industry standards
* Design, development, and enhance game engine components tailored for mixed reality applications
* Optimize rendering pipelines, physics simulations, and real-time interactions to deliver high-performance immersive experiences
* Collaborate with AR/VR specialists to integrate mixed reality sensors, displays, and spatial mapping capabilities
* Implement robust pipelines that transform raw sensor data into actionable, immersive visuals for the warfighter
* Partner with product managers, hardware engineers, and warfighter subject matter experts to translate mission requirements into practical, scalable solutions
* Evaluate and integrate emerging technologies and frameworks within the game engine ecosystem

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Skillbridge eligible
* Proficiency in C++ and familiarity with graphics APIs (DirectX, OpenGL, or Vulkan)
* Experience working in large codebases to solve complex problems in a matter of days and weeks, not months
* Excellent communication skills and ability to work cross functionally with stakeholders and Executive leaders
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience developing on console platforms, computer graphics, or real-time simulation
* Experience with shader programming and multi-threaded rendering pipelines
* Understanding of immersive technologies and sensor integration is a plus
* Demonstrated experience or strong interest in developing mixed reality or simulation applications

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
