---
title: Senior Motor Controls Engineer
status: active
id: '5118036007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5118036007?gh_jid=5118036007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T14:37:10-04:00'
date: '2026-04-22T17:46:32-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Core Technology Products'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **ABOUT THE ROLE**

We are looking for Senior Motor Controls Engineers to join the team! You will develop motor control and actuator firmware that spans across Anduril’s fleet of autonomous vehicles on land, air, and sea. The ideal person for this role will have a blend of experience from both tech and defense environments and is looking to leverage their passion for motor controls, firmware, and low-level development here at Anduril.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Develop motion control systems for applications such as precision actuators and electric propulsion
* Develop motor controls algorithms using Matlab / Simulink
* Develop motor models and integrate with SITL systems
* Integrate Simulink autocode algorithms with microcontroller C based RTOS and application
* Assist with part selection, board and product design
* Bring up new boards and toolchains
* Support device manufacturing efforts and operational deployments

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, etc., or equivalent experience
* Experience and formal training with classical control systems
* Experience with Matlab and Simulink
* Experience with motor control circuits and peripherals, such as drivers, encoders, and Hall sensors
* Background in low-level firmware architecture, design and development in C
* Experience with embedded ARM and motor control modules within ARM microcontrollers
* Comfortable with typical embedded systems tools, compilers, debuggers and IDEs
* Broad experience with microcontrollers, application processors, revision control systems
* Familiarity with common bus protocols such as SPI, I2C, CAN, RS485, etc.
* Strong debugging skills through use of instrumentation such as oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers
* Application experience in areas such as robotics, automation, motor control, and sensor fusion
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
