---
title: EMC Test Engineer, Air Vehicles
status: active
id: '5118243007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5118243007?gh_jid=5118243007
lastmod: '2026-07-01T11:05:29-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T11:05:29-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : EMC Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE ROLE** 

We are seeking an experienced **EMI/EMC Test Engineer** to join our**Air Dominance & Strike Electrical Engineering**team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for designing, testing, and validating electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) and electromagnetic interference (EMI) solutions for electronic products. This role involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements. 

**WHAT YOU'LL DO** 

* Lead and execute EMI/EMC testing and comprehensive analysis on complex electronic systems and components, ensuring operational integrity.

* Drive product maturity with aggressive timelines through rapid prototyping, meticulous design verification, and rigorous qualification activities tailored for defense applications.

* Innovate and implement advanced design strategies to proactively mitigate and resolve EMI/EMC issues at their root.

* Author and maintain comprehensive test plans, detailed reports, and essential documentation for critical compliance verification.

* Partner seamlessly with product design teams from inception to ensure all EMC requirements are integrated fundamentally and flawlessly during the design phase.

* Proactively identify program-specific EMI/EMC risks and strategically define robust approaches for reducing those risks through precise modeling, simulation, or experimental activities.

* Maintain absolute mastery over relevant military, aerospace, and defense standards (e.g., MIL-STD-461G, MIL-STD-464D, RTCA DO-160, SAE) and all pertinent regulatory requirements.

* Conduct critical field tests and comprehensive assessments to rigorously evaluate product performance in challenging, real-world operational environments.

* Thrive in a fast-paced, high-stakes environment, expertly juggling multiple concurrent projects and critical customer demands with demanding military and avionics schedules.

 

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronics, or a related technical field.

* 3+ years of dedicated, hands-on experience in EMI/EMC design and testing, specifically within military, aerospace, or avionics sectors.

* Extensive familiarity and applied expertise with critical EMC/EMI standards and regulations (e.g., MIL-STD-461G, MIL-STD-464D, RTCA DO-160, SAE), essential for defense applications.

* Proven, deep expertise in E3 design principles, advanced analysis, rigorous testing, and effective mitigation strategies. Specialized knowledge in HERO, HEMP, Lightning Protection, ESD, RF exposure limits, and operational electromagnetic compatibility is essential.

* Expert-level proficiency in utilizing and interpreting EMI/EMC testing equipment (e.g., spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, antennas, LISN, anechoic chambers etc.).

* Demonstrated experience with advanced simulation tools (e.g., ANSYS, CST Microwave Studio) for precise EMI analysis and predictive modeling.

* Exceptional analytical and troubleshooting skills for rapidly identifying, isolating, and decisively resolving complex EMI/EMC issues that impact mission success.

* Superior verbal and written communication skills, capable of clearly reporting critical findings and fostering impactful collaboration across diverse engineering teams.

* Proven ability to strategically manage multiple, concurrent projects and consistently meet aggressive deadlines in a dynamic, high-stakes environment.

* Full, applied understanding of PCB Layout techniques to meet demanding mechanical, electrical, EMI/EMC, and manufacturing requirements for defense systems.

* Ability to expertly read and interpret complex schematics and apply best practices appropriate for each critical design.

* Robust familiarity with standard interfaces such as CAN, ETH, MIPI, DP, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc., crucial for integrating with diverse defense platforms.

* Must be able to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance.

 

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
