---
title: Engineering Operations
status: active
id: '5118865007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5118865007?gh_jid=5118865007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T10:20:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Autonomy Engineering : Mission Software Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril is developing and deploying an integrated system to make UxVs (robots) **highly effective through the entire mission lifecycle.** From fleet management, to mission planning, live execution, and integrations into other DOD systems, Lattice is enabling the military to fight at scale with robots across all domains. This objective is ambitious, and so we need ambitious, detail oriented, and passionate individuals to drive drive execution, and maintain focus on strategy.  
  
Engineering Operations is all about ensuring the right people, are talking about the right things, at the right times. In this role, you will work hand in hand with engineering leadership to identify priorities, hold operations oversight meetings, and manage calendars. You will interface mainly with Mission Autonomy engineering, other internal MA functions such as program management, and external leaders from other companies and the USG Program Offices.

### What you will do:

* Calendar Management

+ Provide comprehensive calendar support to Engineering Leads
+ Manage complex schedules and serve as a collaborative partner with the broader Anduril organization
+ Coordinate and manage internal and external meetings VPs/GMs are involved in
+ Plan executive domestic and international travel.

* Comms

+ Facilitate knowledge transfer within the engineering team, contribute to documentation and best practices
+ Draft and aggregate information for internal messaging to teams to inform them of priorities and celebrate wins.

* Execution

+ Help with project management tooling and adoption
+ Help implement operational and process improvements to improve engineering velocity

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience supporting senior level executives in a corporate environment
* Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Approachable style and ability to effectively and professionally interface with high level executives, clients, employees and business associates both internal and external
* Experience in operations of engineering and software teams, driving execution of large projects with multiple discipline involvement. You have demonstrated clear follow through and closeout of programatic objectives.
* Experience with end-to-end project management.
* Strong organizational and time management skills. Proven experience in multi-tasking and working with multiple people and priorities, while delivering on high quality results and follow through
* Demonstrates curiosity and a desire to understand the company goals
* Proficient in scheduling meetings in multiple time zones and leveraging calendar tools (Microsoft Office Suite skills)
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven ability to handle confidential and sensitive information in a professional manner.
* Problem solving and very strong analytical skill capabilities.
* Experience in a fast-paced, high-tech company.
* Excellent attention to detail and accuracy.
* Success in this role is looking outside the box, ability to fill the gap between comms, flexibility
* Department of Defense contractor experience OR Tech Start-Up Experience preferred
* Travel up to 1 week per month

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
