---
title: Configuration Manager
status: active
id: '5118894007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5118894007?gh_jid=5118894007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:52:19-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T12:10:30-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Configuration Management and Engineering Systems : Configuration
  Management'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (Denrose)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Be an integral partner to Anduril’s Product and Program Teams by:

+ Defining the configuration management plans for key programs.
+ Ensuring that all engineering change requests are appropriately documented, reviewed, approved, and communicated in a timely manner.
+ Generating, populating, and submitting change requests including manage compilation and synthesis of impact analyses.
+ Executing and implementing change notices (ensure that the checklist of change implementation activities fully completed, including validating the completion of changes to the Engineering and Manufacturing Bills of Materials, and setting effectivity for changes).
+ Generating insights into the integrity and efficacy of the change process, including calculating the cost of change, tracking the speed and rate of rework of changes, etc.
+ Managing and curating the program configuration data needed for critical design gate reviews including PDR, CDR and MRR.

* Be the leader for critical configuration management activities and forums by:

+ Setting agendas for configuration management meetings (Technical Review Board, Change Control Board etc.) ahead of time.
+ Organizing and managing critical configuration control forums (the Change Review Board, the Change Control Board) including scheduling, owning the agenda, and vetting facilitation of materials (business cases, inventory disposition recommendations, effectivity analyses etc.).
+ Leading the change control board meeting and driving discussions to decisions.
+ Communicating and distributing conclusions and decisions made in configuration management forums (CCB, TRB etc.).
+ Working with Configuration Management Analysts to ensure that that critical data is captured, recorded and distributed (decisions recorded, ECRs and ECNs populated, implementation checklists written etc.)

* Be responsible for product configuration by:

+ Analyzing product baselines (EBOM, MBOMs etc.) in Teamcenter for compliance to industry and organization standards.
+ Supporting configuration management reviews and audits, including FCA/PCA and provide direction before, during and after the events to prevent or resolve issues.
+ Performing periodic audits of as-built records as product definition data in Teamcenter (EBOM, MBOM etc.)

* Be a cross-functional facilitator to manage and implement engineering change by:

+ Working with Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, and Supply Chain teams, to understand proposed design changes and their impact.
+ Working with stakeholder teams (Engineering, Manufacturing etc.) to conduct thorough impact assessments to identify potential risks and implications of proposed changes, working closely with stakeholders to devise mitigation strategies.

* Be the expert resource for the Product for Engineering Release and Change Management standards by:

+ Modelling the use of Teamcenter software to manage Engineering changes, including part revisions, EBOM/MBOM/SBOM updates, documentation modifications, and associated workflows.
+ Providing guidance and support to Engineering teams in configuring the Engineering, Manufacturing and Service Bills of Materials (EBOM, MBOM, SBOM).
+ Defining schema for product configuration management tools and (i.e., 150% EBOM, product configuration).
+ Developing and implementing training programs for Engineering teams to ensure understanding and compliance with change management processes and tools.
+ Identifying and championing continuous improvement of change management workflow processes and tools.

* Be part of the team defining the future of digital engineering at Anduril by:

+ Partnering with engineering teams to set requirements and identify improvement opportunities in existing ways of working.
+ Building an end-to-end digital thread from that maintains an accurate product definition, system by system, from the definition of requirements to the as maintained record.
+ Mentoring and developing configuration management analysts.
+ Leveraging AI tools to drive increased speed, accuracy, and efficiency in Anduril’s configuration management activities.

**REQUIREMENTS**

* 2-5 years of proven direct product configuration management experience (Product structure, parts, drawings and requirements management).
* 2-5 years of demonstrated experience working in a high rigor environment (aerospace, automotive, security systems, medical devices, nuclear, etc.).
* Familiar with configuration management principles and practices.
* Experience with product lifecycle management (PLM) and/or data management toolsets for configuration management of complex products
* Possess high attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills – you must have an ability to synthesize complex quantitative data into clear decision statements.
* Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
* AA/AS or BA/BS in an engineering discipline (Mechanical, Electrical, Aerospace, Nuclear, Manufacturing etc.)
* Ability to earn trust, maintain positive and professional relationships, and contribute to our inclusive culture.
* Ability to obtain and hold a US Security Clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Proven experience in aerospace industry
* Proficient in technical writing of processes and procedures
* Experience with Teamcenter, Teamcenter Requirements, Teamcenter Quality, Confluence & JIRA.
* Database skills with SQL, queries, etc.
* Certification in CM2 or equivalent configuration management certification.
* Security clearance (S, TS)

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
