---
title: Senior Cloud Software Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5119409007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5119409007?gh_jid=5119409007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T15:57:00-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Deployment Operations'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril is seeking a senior engineer with Kubernetes, infrastructure-as-code, and cloud experience to build and maintain resilient infrastructure supporting deployment of mission-critical software across multi-cloud and on-premises environments.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Design, deploy, and operate mission-critical commercial cloud infrastructure that is highly available, resilient, and scalable, with restrictions on some cloud-managed services
* Develop and maintain tooling infrastructure to build and support deployments to the cloud and on-prem
* Troubleshoot and remediate complex issues across Linux-based infrastructure
* Collaborate with software development teams to optimize containerized application deployments (RKE2)
* Monitor and remediate security weaknesses and baseline regressions across infrastructure
* Serve as a subject matter expert for teams across Anduril looking to leverage Kubernetes and cloud infrastructure

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school with 3 - 7+ years of experience with Go, Python, Java, or other common object-oriented languages
* Solid understanding and practical experience with containerization technologies (Docker) and orchestration platforms (Kubernetes)
* Strong understanding of networking concepts in a cloud environment (VPCs, subnets, routing, security groups)
* Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and critical thinking skills
* Deep experience with architecting and securing cloud infrastructure in deployed/production environment

+ Highly proficient in multiple modern cloud providers (preferably GCP or AWS)
+ Experience with Infrastructure-as-Code (preferably Terraform)

* Ability to decompose abstract program goals into achievable technical objectives and strategies for measuring progress
* Experience leading and mentoring teams of engineers and working cross-functionally across partner teams
* Possess a desire to work on critical mission software that has a real-world impact
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Working experience in DevOps, Security Engineering, and/or SRE roles
* Strong Kubernetes is preferred

+ Extensive experience with SRE principles and practices in Kubernetes environments
+ Extensive experience across one or more managed Kubernetes offerings (Rancher, Anthos, etc.)
+ Experience with hardening and monitoring Kubernetes clusters

* Familiarity with monitoring and logging tools (e.g., Prometheus, Grafana, CloudWatch, Azure Monitor, Stackdriver)
* Experience with advanced cloud security principles and practices

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
