---
title: Manufacturer Project Manager
status: active
id: '5120051007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5120051007?gh_jid=5120051007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T04:28:45-04:00'
location: Dublin, Dublin, Ireland
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : ECC-Voyager Production'
offices:
- Dublin, Ireland
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About The Team:**

The Voyager team in Anduril Industries is an engineering and design division with a vast experience in developing innovative computing and communications solutions for the network edge. The team specializes in integrating enterprise networking capabilities from global IT leaders with purpose-built hardware and software platforms designed to meet market demands for  
the most stringent of environmental requirements.

We are seeking a Project Manager to join our Project Management Office team in Dublin. This role is ideal for a Business Management expert who acts as the primary liaison between the Anduril Operations & R&D facility in Dublin with our Contract Manufacturers across 5 sites, overseeing the product lifecycle from NPI onboarding to mass production. They ensure quality, manage production schedules, control costs, and mitigate supply chain risks

**Key Responsibilities**

* Defines and manages the overall programme CM strategy and roadmap facilitates the gap between our Business  
  strategy and the CM execution
* Aligns multiple Anduril project teams requirements to a common vision and goal within the CM
* Manages interdependencies, risks, and resources across projects
* Engages senior stakeholders and ensures benefits are realised
* Provides governance and oversight without micromanaging product delivery
* Lead the CM expectations through influence rather than authority
* This person is someone comfortable with ambiguity and complexityPlay a critical role in ensuring our business demands can fluctuate and change but sticks and delivers measurable  
  impact with Requisite products

**Required Qualifications**

* Professional Business Management Qualification (min Level 7)
* Professional Operations Management Qualification (min Level 6)
* Strong commercial awareness and financial acumen
* Change management expertise
* Project Management capability
* Experience in Financial reporting P&L, unit cost management, etc.
* Creation, development and management of KPI standards

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Highlight additional skills and/or behaviours that exceed minimum requirements above (nice to haves)
* Understanding of CI
* Operational Management Experience min 10 years
* Understanding of ISO 9001-2016, QMS, GMP

UK Salary Range

€68.000—€90.000 EUR

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
