---
title: 'Inventory Specialist '
status: active
id: '5120398007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5120398007?gh_jid=5120398007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T11:32:06-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T09:16:15-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Supply Chain'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The team is heavily involved in utilizing computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data to give our war fighters and allies an advantage.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a detail-oriented and proactive Inventory Control Specialist to oversee our warehouse inventory accuracy and material flow. In this role, you will play a critical part in keeping our systems and physical inventory aligned, executing cycle counts, and collaborating with our production and purchasing teams. The ideal candidate has strong hands-on experience in manufacturing operations, excellent communication skills, and a continuous-improvement mindset to help us optimize our processes.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Support the receipt, identification, and documentation of inventory.
* Support the shipping & receipt, identification, and documentation of inventory.
* Ensure inventory stock levels and locations in the physical inventory locations match corresponding quantities and locations in the ERP system.
* Responsible for inventory accuracy, Cycle Counts and physical space optimization.
* Execute cycle counting process between Physical Inventory and the ERP system.
* Collaborate with stakeholders to review, identify and resolve inventory discrepancies.
* Collaborate with the Purchasing and Production teams regarding inventory counts and locations.
* Improve processes to address root causes of discrepancies, preventing recurrence.
* Supply the production floor with needed materials (daily kitting) per the monthly Production Plan.
* Must be able to lift/carry/handle/transport up to 50lbs (unassisted).

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Minimum of High school or vocational school diploma.
* 5+ years’ experience in Material Management, Manufacturing Operations or related field
* Self-motivated individual that continually seeks driving continuous improvement.
* Hands on attitude and strong written and verbal communication skills.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience with ERP systems
* Advanced Excel skills

US Salary Range

$28.37—$38.46 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
