---
title: Product Quality Engineer - 2nd Shift
status: active
id: '5121661007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5121661007?gh_jid=5121661007
lastmod: '2026-06-01T11:02:44-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T11:02:31-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Launched Effects Production : LE Quality - Technician'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Note: This position will be four 10-hour work shifts per week.  Hours are 3:30pm - 2am, Monday -Thursday

## ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Product Quality Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Atlanta, GA.  In this role, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable Launched Effects products. You will play a critical role in ensuring the reliability, quality, and performance of Altius and supporting systems. Your expertise will contribute to the success of cutting-edge projects in Anduril’s product portfolio for years to come. You’ll collaborate with multidisciplinary teams to maintain high-quality standards throughout the development, testing, production, and deployment phases. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, sub-system performance criteria and metrology, and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive quality processes throughout the product development stages with the Launched Effects engineering team through design reviews, process development, testing, and qualification of propulsion products. Utilize the product maturity frame work to build a quality plan with partner organizations and deliver to the program schedule and performance expectations.
* Collaborate with Launched Effects design engineers to ensure manufacturability and reliability. Champion quality planning and execution to customer design requirements and system integration - design, develop, and implement customer quality tools, processes, and procedures with partner organizations.
* Own the elimination of product and process risk to improve quality & reliability across the product lifecycle. Utilize audits, readiness reviews, and training & documentation to ensure compliance.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap and delivery schedule of Atlius and supporting systems. Participate in design reviews, risk assessments, and project meetings
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team. Investigate failures, anomalies, and non-conformities.
* Support the implementation of the Quality Management System on the programs. Define and improve required documentation and activities as needed.
* Create, develop, and provide quality metrics to the project team and stakeholders.
* Prepare, support, and lead customer onsite audits and reviews for contract deliverables for quality management and compliance.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in aerospace or related systems. Experience in growing and developing teams and managing resources.
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of PCBA, harnessing, avionics, systems integration, composites/control surfaces, propulsion systems, and lethality systems.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization. Knowledgeable of missile storage and maintenance processes.
* Experience partnering with Reliability Engineering, chief engineers, architects, and customer facing team members to deliver to customer requirements.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes. Application of industry standards and best practices
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in aerospace, defense, or UAV new product integration.
* 5-7 years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers. Working knowledge of AS9100/ AS6500 / ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards and general workmanship standards.
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for aerial vehicles. Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, Foundry, and manufacturing execution systems

Note: This position will be four 10-hour work shifts per week.  Hours are 3:30pm - 2am, Monday -Thursday

US Salary Range

$97,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
