---
title: Strategic Finance Lead, Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '5121420007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5121420007?gh_jid=5121420007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T11:48:13-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Air Dominance & Strike (AD&S) division delivers platforms, systems, and integrated effects across autonomous air vehicles and advanced munitions. Our autonomous systems are the cornerstone of these capabilities, and we continually strive to push the boundaries of the possible in terms of range, autonomy, and mission capability.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are hiring a Strategic Finance Lead to help drive strategic decisions for AD&S across a variety of areas, including investment analyses, long-range business case modeling, strategic transactions, product portfolio construction, and supporting Air Dominance & Strikes M&A activities.

This role is based in our Costa Mesa, CA. We are in office 5 days per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Support critical divisional finance processes, including reporting and evolving our long-term forecasting models to support decision-making around expansion and operational strategies.
* Support strategic project work spanning transactions, critical investment trade-off analyses, market research, new business model evaluations, and other business critical initiatives.
* Create high-quality presentations for communicating AD&S’s financial performance.
* Distill our business and cost drivers into key metrics that underpin how we communicate financial performance, allocate resources, and plan for growth.
* Identify areas of opportunity across our P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet.
* Stay current on market trends and best-in-class financial performance benchmarks.
* Partner cross-functionally with Program Engineering, Supply Chain, Accounting, and Finance teams to build fidelity into our financial models.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of experience in strategic finance, corporate finance, investment banking, private equity, consulting, or another highly analytical role.
* A strong ability to critically evaluate opportunities and risks in financials.
* Expert modeling and analytical skills.
* An exemplary ability to distill complex financial information into actionable insights.
* Excellent communication skills and “story telling” ability when presenting data insights.
* An understanding of business models and metrics that are relevant to Anduril (i.e. software, manufacturing, and government contract structures).
* Strong enthusiasm about technology, production, and artificial intelligence.
* Best-in-class attention to detail and unwavering commitment to accuracy.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
