---
title: Financial Analyst, TRS
status: active
id: '5122945007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5122945007?gh_jid=5122945007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T14:53:48-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Tactical Reconnaissance & Strike (TRS) Finance group is seeking a Finance Analyst to join our team and support across multiple business lines. This role will support core FP&A responsibilities (close insights, forecasting, budgeting, and executive reporting) while leading a variety of special projects and/or ad-hoc analyses in support of the finance department and company initiatives. This role partners closely with Engineering, Product, Program Management, Growth, and Contracts to improve execution, investment decisions, and overall business performance.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Financial Analyst, you will be responsible for EAC budgeting and maintenance, income statement and balance sheet forecasting, and internal reporting requirements under the Anduril Tactial Recon & Strike business lines. In this role you will support multiple contracts in parallel and interact closely with program management, functional stakeholders, and business line leadership to ensure Anduril is delivering on its financial commitments. You should be comfortable supporting and explaining financial contract performance and variance analysis to cross functional teams and executives. This is a critical role in a fast-growing company that is looking for problem solvers and innovators.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Work with program management to develop and maintain ETC forecasts and EAC integrity
* Contract profit margin analysis and surveillance
* Income statement and balance sheet forecasting by contract and business line
* Weekly, monthly, and ad hoc financial reporting to program management and business line leadership
* Review the month-end close output for the Intelligence business lines, ensuring monthly revenue is appropriate and reflects actual performance on the contracts
* Support quarterly business reviews, long range planning, and other management data calls
* Look around the corner to mitigate future potential issues and implement best practices and process improvements
* Participate in special projects or ad-hoc analysis in support of finance department and company initiatives

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree or above in Finance or related field
* 2+ years experience as a financial analyst
* Ability to operate independently in a fast paced environment
* Strong time management skills with ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously and meet deadlines under pressure
* Able to understand and communicate financial performance and variance analysis to stakeholders
* Customer service mindset
* Proficiency in Microsoft Excel
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Defence and/or Tech industry experience

US Salary Range

$66,000—$88,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
