---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager, Connected Warfare
status: active
id: '5122027007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5122027007?gh_jid=5122027007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-27T18:44:05-04:00'
location: Bellevue, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : ECC NEXT'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Our Edge Compute and Communications business line, within the Connected Warfare division, delivers robust, high-performance computing and secure communications solutions directly at the tactical edge. By processing data in real-time and enabling decentralized decision-making, we empower warfighters with actionable intelligence, rapid connectivity, and unparalleled situational awareness in challenging environments.  
  
*Connected Warfare is one of Anduril's Business Lines focused on building a next-gen software-defined distributed C2 architecture focused on orchestrating and automating 3rd party combat-fielded sensors and strike-networks for synchronized joint operations. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC.*

**ABOUT THE JOB**

We’re seeking a Technical Program Manager to ensure interoperability and integration of our software and hardware across our Menace product line. You will also have the opportunity to work on net new products, ideating on prototypes and take to market strategies. This role requires a unique blend of technical expertise, program management experience, customer focus, and an understanding of the defense sector and military systems. You will work closely with engineering, product, business, and government stakeholders to deliver innovative solutions that meet the needs of our customers and partners.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Able to inspire, influence and drive the engineering execution of multiple teams. Gain alignment within the team and regularly with other teams/stakeholders involved with the product/program
* Effectively communicate within engineering teams, manipulating PM tools (e.g. JIRA, Confluence) to organize and run multiple teams' sprints/regular execution cadence and ensure the teams understand how their work connects to higher level milestones. Generate and speak to planning artifacts and high-level engineering artifacts for multiple teams. Succinctly message progress, risks, and mitigations to team-adjacent leadership/stakeholders
* Understand the architecture and positively influence engineering decisions of multiple products or functional areas. Able to engage with cross-functional teams (e.g. SW, HW, T&E, Product)
* Act in a leadership role for the team and coordinate closely with leaders or cross-functional stakeholders. Create clear understanding within the team, and with cross-functional stakeholders, about team and program goals/milestones
* Discover inefficiencies in team operations and develop durable solutions to improve the day-to-day life of developers. Build and manage 6-12 month roadmaps, creating clear milestones utilizing inputs from cross-functional stakeholders
* Routinely engage with external stakeholders to surface and clarify pain points and solve problems related to operating prototypes. Deploy and support prototypes in the field at customer events
* Regularly assist and teach other engineers, act as legacy SME
* Keep up to date with industry technologies and identify technologies that would be applicable to defense problems

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum 5 years experience as a Technical Program Manager, Product Manager, Engineering Manager, or Engineer for a commercial technology or aerospace and defense company
* Strong technical background with familiarity in systems engineering, software development, networking, and hardware engineering
* Experience shepherding complex technical projects from concept to prototype to full-rate production
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Proven client-facing technical program management and/or systems engineering experience
* Demonstrated ability to translate complex technical issues into business-impact insights
* Experience with Agile methodology
* Exceptional organizational and communication skills
* Willingness to travel as needed (up to 30%)
* Active U.S. Secret clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* 3+ years experience designing and developing software
* PMP Certification
* Experience in UX design or related field with a focus on complex systems or products.
* Proven track record in designing and implementing best practices that drive operational efficiency and sustainable growth
* Familiarity with a defense acquisition processes, compliance, and reporting requirements
* Strong technical, analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive decisions
* Active U.S. Top Secret clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
