---
title: Staff Product Manager, Maritime App
status: active
id: '5123199007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5123199007?gh_jid=5123199007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T14:32:34-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T11:03:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century's most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril's family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### About the Role

We're looking for a Product Manager to lead product for our Maritime Applications team. This team builds the command & control (C2) software (user interfaces, backend services, and more) for all of [Anduril's autonomous maritime products](https://www.anduril.com/sea/seapower) (e.g. Dive-XL, Dive-LD, Copperhead, Seabed Sentry) and ensures the Lattice OS is fit-for-purpose for maritime use cases. These systems provide a consistent “Lattice for Maritime” experience that is then extended and configured for the various maritime products and programs. In this role, you'll lead critical initiatives that require both product thinking and technical coordination across teams.  
  
You will scope and execute complex user-facing projects like simulating and forecasting multiple scenarios for weeks-long underwater missions, laying the foundation for users to share data across a distributed mesh network, and defining UIs and data models for autonomous vehicles (e.g. Dive-XL) that launch other autonomous vehicles (e.g. Copperhead). You will also work with internal stakeholders to define the expectations and support model for our maritime software release and rollouts. You will be responsible for decisions that impact the entire Maritime division.  
  
You should have experience leading a web application product portfolio. You should be able to learn technical concepts quickly and be comfortable working directly with software engineers to match the requirements to the system’s capabilities. You should be excellent at execution and comfortable navigating ambiguity. You communicate clearly, and bring product clarity to murky engineering discussions.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Own the Maritime Apps product portfolio.** Own a multi-year roadmap for how the Maritime Apps will need to evolve, balancing specific milestones and customer expectations with ideal order of execution.
* **Enable maritime product teams.** Work closely with 6-10 downstream product teams to understand their workflows, needs, and pain points. Drive strategy to address these needs. These may be specific new features needed, a collection of changes, multi-quarter initiatives, or whole new apps.
* **Ensure a continuous feedback loop with end-user operators.** Seek out end-user feedback directly, to continuously improve individual features and evolve our roadmap as a whole.
* **Coordinate across teams.** Build relationships with teams across Anduril. Gather requirements, understand constraints, and align diverse stakeholders around shared technical direction. Seek out inspiration from non-Maritime business lines at Anduril and look for opportunities to work together on shared problems.
* **Decompose and execute.** Break down ambiguous problems into concrete requirements. Work hands-on to scope features, plan sprints, identify dependencies, and drive execution to completion.
* **Own product strategy.** In partnership with engineering and UX leaders, develop product plans for complex initiatives that may span beyond the immediate Maritime Apps team. Ensure the team makes product decisions that balance excellent user experience, system stability, extensibility / open architecture, and team velocity.
* **Be the face of the product.** Be the face of the Maritime Apps product portfolio to other teams in Anduril and our customers. Lead the team’s vision, strategy, and day-to-day operations, partnering with engineering, UX, and TPM lead counterparts.
* **Communicate context.** Translate technical details for non-technical stakeholders and business context for engineering teams. Set clear expectations and escalate tradeoffs when needed. Write documentation when needed.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5-10 years in software development or technical product management
* Technical background with direct experience in web application product development
* Experience crafting software release and update processes targeted at regulated environments
* Track record working on platform or infrastructure teams with an "enable builders" mindset
* Evidence of being scrappy and hands-on to ship projects, not just planning them
* Proven ability to build relationships and coordinate across multiple technical teams
* Demonstrated success decomposing complex technical problems into product deliverables
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Hands on familiarity with Git
* Comfort with basic command line and scripting
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.
* Willing to travel up to 20%

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Background in defense, aerospace, or autonomous systems through industry or education
* Experience leveraging AI coding to build software and enacting guardrails to ensure high quality output
* Active security clearance helpful but not required

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
