---
title: Senior Avionics Technician, Aircraft Development
status: active
id: '5124501007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5124501007?gh_jid=5124501007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T21:42:44-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T16:49:24-04:00'
location: Victorville, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- Victorville, CA (VTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position will be filled by a highly motivated Flight Test Avionics Technician with a passion for developmental flight test of a new and revolutionary products contributing valued mechanical expertise in all fields of aircraft maintenance. You will work heavily with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments to help build a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. The role will be responsible for aircraft mechanical assessment, maintenance coordination, flight execution, and reporting on all facets of aircraft readiness to the test program.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Service, troubleshoot, repair, inspect, and maintain aircraft avionics and ground support equipment in support of test operations and sustainment activities in accordance with maintenance documentation.
* Modify, install, and test electronics and mechanical equipment as part of customer and company modification and test efforts.
* Correct major and minor discrepancies by removal, repair, or replacement of defective avionics, electrical, payloads and subsystems
* Perform scheduled maintenance and functional checks on aircraft avionics, electrical, and subsystems.
* Ability to fabricate, upgrade and modify aircraft harnesses, coax cables and fiber optic as well as install and checkout with limited engineering guidance.
* Load and maintain software configuration on Aircraft and Ground Segment.
* Extensive experience with software loads and regressions in a development environment.
* Upkeep of DTED, WX, Aeronautical Charts, and other supporting information for GCS mission planning systems.
* Troubleshoot, repair, and maintain aircraft and subsystems including landing gear, fuel system, flight control, and propulsion.
* Conduct a variety of aircraft ground operations including Launch, Recovery, and Ground Engine run-up.
* Perform standard preflight maintenance on prototype and experimental aircraft.
* Complete aircraft and equipment documentation.
* Communicate avionics assessment with engineering and manufacturing personnel.
* Perform proper FOD and tool control practices.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications).
* Extensive experience and training in Install, troubleshooting and checkout of flight test instrumentation systems to include but not limited to strain gauges, accelerometers, string pots and all associated wiring.
* Capable to perform tasks independently, manage time effectively, and make decisions without constant supervision or guidance.
* Ability to meticulously interpret and work from engineering drawings and draft procedures, ensuring accuracy in translating technical specifications into practical applications
* Willing to be multi-capable. Which shall include some mechanical troubleshooting and repair.
* Active TS Clearance, investigation within 5 years or continuous evaluation.
* 8 years or more of aircraft avionics experience.
* 5 years or more of developmental flight test experience.
* Ability to rapidly change roles/responsibilities while working in a fast paced, challenging work environment.
* Ability to travel as required.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5 years or more Test and Evaluation experience.
* Valid FCC license.
* ICP-A 620 certification.

US Hourly Range

$47—$55 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
