---
title: Senior Site Reliability Engineer
status: active
id: '5124136007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5124136007?gh_jid=5124136007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T15:54:08-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T15:42:36-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Vehicle Software : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are seeking a highly skilled and mission-driven **Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)** to join our Mission Autonomy team. In this critical role, you will be responsible for ensuring the reliability, scalability, performance, and operational excellence of our cutting-edge autonomous systems. This isn't just about keeping servers up; it's about building and maintaining the resilient backbone for systems where failure is not an option, and mission success directly impacts national security. You will embed with our autonomy software development teams, acting as a bridge between development and operations. Your work will directly enable our Mission Autonomy software and control systems to operate flawlessly, whether in cloud-based simulation environments, hardware-in-the-loop devices or air-gapped environments

**What You’ll Do**

* Manage and expand specialized on-site infrastructure: Administer and grow on-premises developer servers, Hardware-in-the-Loop (HITL) systems, and other compute resources.
* Design, implement, and maintain highly available, fault-tolerant, and resilient autonomous systems
* Identify and eliminate performance bottlenecks in software and infrastructure, ensuring low-latency, high-throughput, and real-time responsiveness for mission-critical operations.
* Develop and implement comprehensive monitoring, logging, tracing, and alerting solutions to provide deep insights into system health and behavior at scale.
* Automate away manual operational tasks, from provisioning and deployment to testing and recovery.
* Develop and implement strategies for scaling our services and infrastructure to meet evolving mission demands, including distributed systems and edge deployments.
* Work closely with security teams to integrate best practices into our operational processes and infrastructure, ensuring the integrity and confidentiality of our autonomous systems.
* Create clear, concise, and comprehensive documentation, runbooks, and playbooks for operational procedures.
* Integrate open-source, commercial, and Anduril-internal tooling to create effective solutions for software delivery.
* Collaborate with Anduril's Developer Platform, Networking, and Security teams to support integration with broader Anduril systems.
* Work with a multi-disciplinary team on challenging problems in a fast-paced environment.

**Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
* 5+ years of experience in Site Reliability Engineering, DevOps, or a similar role focused on security for mission-critical applications
* Strong proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Python, Go~~)~~.
* Experience with automation tools (Ansible, Puppet or Terraform)
* Deep expertise with Linux operating systems and strong command-line skills.
* Knowledge of secure coding practices and experience implementing security controls in cloud and on-premise environments.
* Solid understanding of networking fundamentals (TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP, load balancing) and their impact on system reliability.
* Proficiency with containerization technologies (Docker) and orchestration platforms (Kubernetes).
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and debugging skills, with a methodical approach to complex system issues.
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively in cross-functional teams.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.
* Active U.S. Security Clearance.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience with edge computing, mesh networks, or highly distributed autonomous systems.
* Experience with embedded Linux systems development and associated tools.
* Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems.
* Familiarity with monitoring and logging tools (like auditd, journald, selinux, Splunk).
* Prior experience in defense, aerospace, robotics, or other mission-critical domains
* Extensive experience with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, or GCP) and understanding of their core services.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
