---
title: Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '5125917007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5125917007?gh_jid=5125917007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:29:54-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T17:29:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Mechanical Engineering : Design Support'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Own hardware design from initial requirements through hand off to low-rate production.
* Lead technical efforts to define requirements, propose possible solutions, and establish a methodology for evaluating and verifying mechanical systems.
* Perform hand calculations and FEA to develop, assess, and optimize designs.
* Build prototypes, run analysis, define and execute hardware test plans.
* Work on designs that involve the tight integration of complex thermal solutions, RF hardware, PCBAs, and cabling/harnessing.
* Support critical customer facing hardware demonstrations and use these interactions to better understand the customers’ requirements.
* Travel to test sites as needed.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience in an immersive technical project (collegiate project teams or professional settings).
* 2+ years of mechanical experience in a professional setting.
* CAD skills (any platform) and ability to make high quality engineering drawings that meet common industry standards.
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication skills and ability to root-cause and adapt quickly to design and manufacturing issues.
* High competence with, and fluid use of, engineering first principles.
* Experience with integration of PCBAs and other electronics into a mechanical system.
* BSME, MS or PhD in a related engineering field.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.
* Ability to get security Clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in NX/Solidworks/Teamcenter (PLM).
* Solid understanding and application of ASME Y14.5 GD&T.
* Experience with mechanical designs for EMI constraints and passive/active thermal management.
* Advanced designing skills for CNC machining, composites, sheet metal, injection molding, 3D printing, PCBA integration.
* Experience working closely with electrical engineers, software engineers, manufacturing engineers.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
