---
title: Senior Manager, Industrial Capacity
status: active
id: '5125521007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5125521007?gh_jid=5125521007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T14:13:09-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Corporate Development'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

This role is part of Anduril’s Corporate Development team and reports to the Head of Corporate Development, with frequent interaction with the c-suite. This role is an excellent fit for someone who is smart, analytical, and willing to hustle, and who has an intense personal interest in securing American supply chains. The successful candidate will be both deeply thoughtful about building industrial capacity as well as biased towards taking discrete action that will benefit Anduril’s product portfolio.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril believes very strongly in designing and developing systems that can be produced by the supply chain that America and our allies already have, rather than the supply chain we wish we had. The majority of our products use commercial sector production processes, materials, and components, and Anduril generally prefers to rely on thriving competitive markets with many suppliers instead of vertically integrating our supply chain. As Anduril grows, we will provide additional signal to suppliers about our future needs, allowing them to make good decisions about investing in capacity and designing new products that we will want to use.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* You will develop a repeatable analytical process for assessing Anduril’s long-term industrial capacity needs. You will own this process, but you will also partner with leaders from Anduril’s business development, product, engineering, manufacturing, production and supply chain organizations to identify significant growth areas where Anduril should provide market signal in advance of demand
* You will work closely with internal colleagues to collect internal production targets, the design change landscape, and supplier production plans to set up a robust industrial capacity plan capable of scaling with multiple configurations and production rates. You will communicate forecasts to internal and external stakeholders that accurately reflect Anduril’s business requirements while hedging against potential upside or change in business direction
* In tandem with a deal leader from the Corporate Development team, you will identify specific areas where Anduril should increase the depth and breadth of available suppliers, and execute strategic partnerships and long-term supplier agreements to create increased capacity
* You will draft long-form thought leadership, talking points, and other collateral for Anduril’s executive team to use in discussion with elected representatives, customers, the White House, industry partners and in public communications. You will liaise with Anduril’s government and media relations functions to share our perspective on building industrial capacity
* You will guide and mentor peers and team members across the company to strengthen organizational resiliency and ingrain the concept of increasing industrial capacity in advance of demand
* You will define and incorporate organization-level processes and improvements that enable the business to scale and efficiently utilize its purchasing power, leveraging learnings from world-class manufacturers and other high-volume industries
* You will develop easy-to-read reporting and dashboards to measure team KPIs and support the program as it scales

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of work experience with demonstrated successes in a high-pressure role where pace and execution quality matters - management consulting, investment banking, internal strategy & operations, venture capital, elite government (e.g., legislative or executive branch) or business analyst roles
* Advanced proficiency in Excel, financial modeling and data analysis tools, and experience with financial reporting tools and ERP systems (i.e. Anaplan, Netsuite, Oracle, Foundry).
* Exceptional written and oral communication skills. You drive consensus through grounded arguments, interpersonal skills, and negotiation skills.
* Experience interfacing with leadership and executives - you understand how to cultivate trust and facilitate meetings for and engage with executives
* Combination ability to execute on a tactical level as well as put together a strategy to solve complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems. You are comfortable rolling up your sleeves and diving deep into executing operational tasks that require high attention to detail and high organization skills, but you can also zoom out and create a strategy that solves high level problems for the business line, division, and company
* High ownership with the horsepower to juggle multiple (3-5+) large projects and priorities in parallel, at a rapid pace, and report out on progress regularly without dropping any balls
* Comfortable working in a fast-moving, ambiguous environment.
* Excited by large breadth of problems.
* Discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* Highly organized
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
