---
title: Director of Quality Engineering
status: active
id: '5125490007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5125490007?gh_jid=5125490007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T20:38:08-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T20:38:08-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality Engineering : Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyperscale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.

**ABOUT THE JOB**Anduril’s Production organization is seeking a Director of Quality to join our team. The Quality team works with our customers, internal teams, and suppliers to ensure the deployment of reliable products that meet all mission requirements. We develop cutting-edge Quality processes and methods to secure scalable, long-term business success.  
  
As the leader of the Quality team, you will work inside and outside the organization to develop strategies, define and execute plans, and implement processes that deliver reliable products. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, develop teams, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

### What You’ll Do

* Own all aspects of Quality for the Arsenal 1 division to support production of 1000’s of high-quality products per year
* Lead and own supplier and manufacturing quality to improve yields and reliability across the product lifecycle
* Lead and own the Quality Management System with a sustainable path to maintain AS9100 certification
* Leading the Root Cause Corrective Action (RCCA) program
* Own and improve key performance indicators (KPIs) for Quality across the manufacturing organization (Cost of Poor Quality, Escapes, Supplier Defects, and others)
* Carry out containment, RCCA, and disposition actions of any quality “escapes” or defective material
* Establish and implement a Zero Defects program
* Partner with other functional teams such as Manufacturing, Engineering, Program Management, Supply Chain, and Deployment Operations to execute success

### Required Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* 10+ years of relevant experience working with OEM suppliers and manufacturing operations building complex hardware and software systems
* 5+ years experience working in a AS9100 regulated environment
* Experience in engineering, manufacturing, or quality within the aerospace/defense, automotive, or medical device fields
* Proven record in strategy and execution of Quality Management Systems in a certified AS9100 enterprise
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Change Management, and Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP)
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to finish
* Proven ability to track, prioritize and drive to success multiple concurrent projects with a strong operational background
* Hands-on leader. You're resourceful, forward-thinking, drawn to building from ambiguous and unsolved problems and have an "own the outcome" mindset.
* Influence and partnering with a diverse group of stakeholders, able to partner with deeply technical as well as operational, business-minded leaders on key Quality and Manufacturing topics
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.

### Preferred Qualifications

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* Experience as an auditor for AS9100 or other ISO 9001-based QMS standard (e.g., ISO 13485, IATF 16949).
* Experience with low volume manufacturing
* Prior experience with manufacturing complex structures such as Plane/Airframe/Avionics/Missiles Systems
* Experience working in high precision and regulated manufacturing environment

US Salary Range

$148,000—$195,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
