---
title: Senior EMC Design Engineer, Air Vehicles
status: active
id: '5127827007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5127827007?gh_jid=5127827007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T13:21:39-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are seeking an experienced **Senior****EMC Engineer** to join our **Air Dominance & Strike Electrical Engineering** team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for designing, testing, and validating electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) and electromagnetic interference (EMI) solutions for electronic products. This role involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Conduct EMI/EMC testing and analysis on electronic systems and components.
* Drive product maturity through rapid prototyping, design verification, and qualification activities.
* Develop and implement design strategies to mitigate EMI/EMC issues.
* Prepare test plans, reports, and documentation for compliance verification.
* Collaborate with product design teams to ensure EMC requirements are integrated during the design phase.
* Identify program EMI/EMC risks and define strategies for reducing risk through the definition of modeling, simulation, or experimental activities.
* Stay updated on relevant standards (e.g., MIL-STD-461G, MIL-STD-464D, DOD-160, FCC, CISPR, IEC) and regulatory requirements.
* Conduct field tests and assessments to evaluate product performance in real-world environments.
* Work in a fast-paced environment, having to juggle multiple concurrent projects and customers.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronics, or a related field.
* 7+ years of experience in EMI/EMC design and testing.
* Familiarity with EMC/EMI standards and regulations (e.g., MIL-STD-461G, MIL-STD-464D, RTCA DOD-160, FCC, IEC, CISPR, SAE).
* Proven expertise in E3 design, analysis, testing and mitigation strategies. Specialized in HERO, HEMP, Lightning Protection, ESD, RF exposure limits and operational electromagnetic compatibility.
* Proficiency in using EMI/EMC testing equipment (e.g., spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, antennas, LISN etc.)
* Experience with simulation tools (e.g., ANSYS, CST Microwave Studio) for EMI analysis.
* Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills for identifying and resolving EMI/EMC issues.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills for reporting findings and collaborating with teams.
* Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
* Full understanding of PCB Layout techniques to meet mechanical, electrical, EMI/EMC, and manufacturing requirements.
* Ability to read and interpret schematics and apply best practices appropriate for each design.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as MIPI, DP, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Must be able to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
