---
title: Head of Classified Infrastructure, Frontier Systems
status: active
id: '5127590007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5127590007?gh_jid=5127590007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T10:14:34-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Frontier Systems Engineering : Business Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Frontier Systems is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized hardware and software products for Department of War and Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the DoW and IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Strategy, Planning, and Implementation** - Responsible for AFS’s classified infrastructure and information security strategy and developing business line’s practices to ensure the classified capabilities machine for our organization meet business line needs, and that our information assets and technologies are protected. You’ll identify and prioritize new program requirements, translate those into classified infrastructure needs and information security risks, and ensure the necessary services are delivered upon. This will include translating Corporate and Classified information technology security processes, artifacts, and architectures enable repeatable deployments across Division program labs, ranges, and operational environments, and ensuring the integration of security into system design, infrastructure planning, and product development from the outset (not as a downstream function).
* **Strategic Technology Advisor** - Advise our senior leadership team on the secure capabilities, processes, systems, technologies, and trends to ensure our programs are executed. Serve as the senior Division security representative, sourcing requirements and liaising with Corporate Security, Class IT, and BL program teams, engineers, and site. Partner with engineering and infrastructure leadership to align security with cloud, edge, and hybrid architectures. You’ll also partner to support internal operations, like facility expansion planning and executing on special projects across industrial security, infosec, finance, real estate, etc.
* **Innovate what “best in Industry” looks like -** You are a primary driver in defining new and enhanced classified infrastructure capabilities, associated security policies, and service delivery models for new technology at Anduril. We don’t want industry standard or status quo. We want to go above and beyond and drive what that standard is.
* **Cyber and Network Subject Matter Expert** - Responsible for helping advise our business line program teams on strategic decisions that help ensure continued technical excellence and successful execution. Facilitate the design of scalable security frameworks that support multiple programs, environments, and classification levels (unclass through TS/SCI), including anticipate future security requirements. Ensure consistency in applying RMF, accreditation strategies, and security documentation across all efforts in line with Corporate Security guidelines.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8-12+ years of experience in cyber, technology, and information security industry
* Fluency in modern USG cyber methodologies, including Cyber Survivability guidance and related policy (JSIG, ICD 503 CSEIG, SSECG, NIST SP 800-160, Cyber T&E Guidebook, CMMC, etc.)
* Previous work on security engineering and architecture for defense / national security systems and/or complex embedded commercial systems
* Strong understanding of the “why” behind the product, systems, and security design
* Ability to effectively brief and interact regularly with a technically oriented government customer
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS/SCI clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Excels at the above listed requirements
* Experience standing up classified environments from retrofits to new-build and accreditation, as well as experience working and delivering programs in classified environments to national security customers
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility.
* Experience with system-of-systems security engineering for intelligence and defense applications
* Familiarity with security architectures of embedded and cyber-physical systems
* Proven track record of excelling across the broader Systems Security Engineering domain, encompassing embedded Systems Engineering, Cybersecurity, Cyber Resiliency, Software Security, and Anti-Tamper Engineering
* Experience with FPGA security, micro-electronics security validation, and hardware-based security solutions
* Experience developing cryptographic solutions including key management systems (HSM integration, PKI, over-the-air key distribution, COMSEC/TRANSEC, key lifecycle management)
* Experience with security testing and mission assurance on DoD and IC systems (e.g. penetration testing, red teaming, vulnerability assessments)

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
