---
title: 'Senior Advanced Research Scientist '
status: active
id: '5127039007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5127039007?gh_jid=5127039007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T14:28:43-04:00'
date: '2026-06-17T14:28:43-04:00'
location: Broomfield, Colorado, United States; Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Research'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (Denrose)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Research Scientists excel at developing state-of-the-art algorithms and software that solve scientific problems with real-world applications. Working in small, innovative teams, our research scientists create impactful solutions that make a difference. Our research endeavors don’t end once we’ve published papers; our work is complete when our technology is deployed in mission-critical systems, ensuring success for our customers in government and industry.  Join us in our mission to expand the boundaries of what’s possible!

## **WHAT YOU WILL DO**

* Drive rapid prototyping initiatives for advanced R&D projects, focusing on specialized algorithm development in the context of radar systems, video sensors, space-based sensing, and Command and Control (C2) systems.
* Utilize high-fidelity modeling and simulation tools to assess and quantify the impact of innovative technologies on system performance.
* Collaborate with cross-disciplinary teams to ensure seamless integration of software and hardware, optimizing system functionalities for radar systems.
* Implement rigorous software quality assurance processes, using various testing methodologies to ensure reliability and efficiency of developed solutions.
* Engage with stakeholders to align R&D outcomes with mission-critical objectives, ensuring optimal performance and operational success.
* Mentor junior team members, fostering a culture of innovation and continuous improvement within the team.

## **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* An M.S. or Ph.D. in Applied or Computational Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Controls and Dynamical Systems, Aerospace Engineering, Physics, Statistics and Probability, or a related field.
* 2+ years of professional experience in embedded software/firmware engineering.
* Strong foundation in applied mathematics, including probability theory, optimization theory, linear algebra, and numerical analysis.
* Familiarity with functional programming languages (e.g., C/C++, Julia, Rust, Python, CUDA).
* Demonstrated experience in scientific computing, including algorithm implementation, optimization methods/theory, probabilistic/stochastic models, graphical models.
* Knowledge of digital signal processing (DSP) and image processing, as well as controls and estimation theory.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills to convey complex technical concepts to diverse audiences.
* Adept at problem identification and principled approaches to problem formulation and solution.
* Effective data analysis, deep-diving, trouble-shooting.
* Open-minded, creative, imaginative.
* Agile learner.
* Enthusiastic collaboration, energized by driving team success.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance.

## **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with either radar signal processing or image processing.
* Experience in GPU programming (CUDA programming) and rapid prototyping.

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$190,000—$252,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
