---
title: Procurement Lead
status: active
id: '5127300007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5127300007?gh_jid=5127300007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-03T19:36:07-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Alexandria, Australia
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Procurement Manager owns both Direct and Indirect procurement, leading a team of high-performing Buyers to directly support the Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality, and Facilities teams through successful negotiations, cradle-to-grave order management, and comprehensive supplier management. As the Procurement lead, this individual will be responsible for managing a team of buyers through the use of key metrics to quantitatively evaluate supplier performance. Successful execution of this role will ensure procured material supports the rapid needs of both engineering development programs & production planning requirements in alignment with strategic sourcing initiatives.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead cross-functional projects to achieve cost, quality, and delivery targets.
* Provide hands-on training, coaching and mentorship to develop the skills and expertise of team members.
* Develop and Optimize Processes by establishing and refining procurement processes to drive efficiency and cost savings.
* Establish and drive organizational consistency and expectations through key performance indicators (KPIs).
* Be outcome-driven delivery by ensuring timely and measurable results across sourcing and supplier management initiatives
* Support engineering & manufacturing requirements and program timelines for development & production products.
* Drive indirect procurement by aligning procurement strategies with overall business objectives, leveraging extensive industry experience.
* Identify and execute cost reduction projects.
* Negotiate commercial terms and Master Supply Agreements (MSAs).
* Cultivate strong relationships with key suppliers to enhance value and secure competitive advantages and analyze supplier data and identify areas of opportunity for expanding and/or consolidating the ASL.
* Place purchase orders, manage suppliers, and resolve downstream issues with receiving, finance, and accounting.
* Maintain procurement-related master data in the ERP system and support required annual audits.
* Own procurement process cradle-to-grave.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Engineering or related disciplines required.
* 8+ years of supply chain experience in progressive roles.
* Experience with technical procurement.
* Effective written, verbal, and presentation skills.
* Ability to read drawings and blueprints.
* Exceptional analytical and organizational skills.
* Familiarity with leading ERP systems
* The ability to obtain and maintain an Australian NV2 Security Clearance.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
