---
title: Facility Security Officer
status: active
id: '5128524007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5128524007?gh_jid=5128524007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T11:29:13-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T13:54:09-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Security'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Industrial Security team is a highly specialized security team responsible for managing Anduril’s cleared personnel, classified programs, and secure facilities. We operate at the intersection of cutting-edge defense technology and stringent security requirements, ensuring the integrity and protection of national security. Our team is composed of experts in security management, compliance, risk assessment, and physical security, dedicated to upholding the highest standards of security in support of national and international defense initiatives while providing the best customer service, both within Anduril and externally.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Facility Security Officer to join our rapidly growing team in Ashville, OH. The Facility Security Officer (FSO) is responsible for implementing and directing the industrial security program and ensuring company and customer security requirements are met at Anduril’s Arsenal-1 location. Candidates will interface with all levels of personnel and government management personnel to ensure contract security compliance with 32 CFR Part 117, the National Industrial Security Program, the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254) and Security Classification Guides (SCGs). The position requires a self-motivated candidate who can work in an independent or team environment. The candidate will be required to assist the FSO team in developing and implementing processes and procedures for the department and site, conduct security self-inspections, apply risk mitigation methodologies, support customer assessments, and implement security measures to meet requirements. This position is unique in that the candidate will be required to work in a manufacturing environment. The candidate must have keen awareness and foresight to ensure processes are put in place to meet the unique classified requirements for each program prior to them hitting the manufacturing floor. 

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Administer day-to-day security programs in compliance with 32 CFR Part 117, Security Classification Guides, and program guidance: personnel processing, program reviews, document control system, inventories, audits & self-inspections, violation investigations & reports, receipt/dispatch/destruction/mail logs, visit certs, etc.
* Provide guidance to employees and recommend modifications to operations policies or procedures
* Work with a variety of stakeholders and collaborators including but not limited to: Program Management, Classified IT, Classified Networks/Mission Assurance, Insider Threat and Counterintelligence, Physical Security, Legal
* Act as security point person for Open Storage Area (OSA) buildout coordination from proposal through accreditation and manufacturing.
* Maintain and update the DISS for the entire company (in collaboration with other FSOs and PERSEC) including geographically separated Operating Locations.
* Process requests for changes to DISS, including analyzing requests to assure proper need-to-know justifications are enforced.
* Maintain and update NISS for your Operating Location
* Conduct annual self-inspections, prepare for Security Vulnerability Assessments and other local inspections as required. Prepare and present reports with appropriate corrective actions delineated.
* Send and receive collateral visit requests; oversee and provide facility badge access.
* Ensure all assigned personnel meet/maintain the appropriate security clearance requirements.
* Update and query required information systems as needed to perform assigned duties.
* Maintain required hard-copy files to perform assigned duties. Prepare and execute required periodic reporting and or audits and reviews IAW applicable directives, regulations, and instructions.
* Provide continuous training and guidance in all areas of security; including but not limited to, local procedures, OPSEC, Communications Security (COMSEC), Security Awareness.
* Enforce foreign contact and travel requirements, entry procedures, escort procedures, document control procedures, and classification review/guidance requests.
* Report security incidents to the Deputy Director of Industrial Security and the Director of Industrial and Special Program Security to make determinations
* Provide training and guidance on handling, safeguarding, marking classified material.
* Verify and provide training for requests for courier authorizations; issues those certifications.
* Coordinate industrial security procedures as necessary. Review performance work statements (PWS) or Statements of Work (SOW) for contracts and ensure properly executed DD Form 254s.
* Provide inputs to the security sections in response to Request for Proposals (RFP) and Broad Agency Announcements (BAA).
* Maintain hard/soft copies of DD Form 254 along with personnel assigned to contract prior to indoctrination.
* Manage collateral facilities, access control systems, and alarm systems. Coordinate the buildout of new Open Storage Areas (OSAs) and Restricted Areas at Arsenal-1.
* Develop Arsenal-1 Concepts of Operation (CONOPS) and security procedures for all unique programs operating in OSAs. Integrate Arsenal-1 Security procedures into Anduril’s Security Practices and Procedures (SPP).
* Develop and update personnel security responsibilities for Anduril Security Policies and Procedures (SPP).
* Analyze and assess issues with personnel security and proposes solutions that meet standards set by applicable regulations, directives and instructions.
* Ensure our Security Management software/database (SIMS) is accurate and updated at all times
* Report vital site and program information to the Deputy Director of Industrial Security

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of related Security experience
* Bachelors Degree or equivalent (4 years)
* Must complete DISS/NISS training
* Must hold Facility Program Management for Possessing Facilities certification
* Current or able to obtain Industrial Security Professional (ISP) Certification
* Strong understanding of Physical Security requirements to include: Open Storage Areas
* Understanding of DISS, e-QIP, NISS, and ISFD
* Knowledge of COMSEC custodian duties
* Experience creating and conducting initial security briefings, debriefings, indoctrinations, pre/post-foreign travel briefings and refresher briefings, as appropriate
* Experience working in a fast-moving, dynamic environment with multiple government customers and program managers
* Ability to communicate policy and procedures clearly to all cleared staff
* Able to meet timelines and prioritize demands effectively
* Thorough working knowledge of the 32 CFR, other relevant DoD security guidance
* Experience developing and implanting OPSEC plans
* Must be able to read and interpret Security Classification Guides (SCGs) and develop and deliver training pertaining to them
* Must have the ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners
* Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel)
* Possess a high degree of originality, creativity, initiative requiring minimal supervision
* Willingness to travel within the organizational Area of Responsibility (AOR)
* **Must hold a current U.S. TOP SECRET security clearance.**

#### DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working in a classified manufacturing environment
* Physical security experience that includes planning and building Open Storage Areas (OSAs) in compliance with 32 CFR, Part 117
* Experience with classified physical security in a manufacturing environment
* Experience with integrating Access Control and Intrusion Detection Systems into secure spaces.
* Experience with SIMS

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
