---
title: Mission Software Engineer - Connected Warfare
status: active
id: '5128654007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5128654007?gh_jid=5128654007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T23:51:52-04:00'
location: Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia
departments:
- Connected Warfare
offices:
- Canberra, Australia
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**Anduril Australia Overview**  
Since 2022, Anduril Australia has grown rapidly, bringing world-leading software-first, hardware enabled systems to the Australian Defence Force. Our exemplar program, the Ghost Shark Extra-Large Autonomous Undersea Vehicle, is being developed and delivered in close partnership with the Australian government and sovereign Australian industry, and is fundamentally changing how subsurface capabilities can be employed by the Australian Defence Force. Likewise, Anduril Australia is looking to provide a broad range of software enabled hardware products to meet the Australian Defence Force’s needs as outlined in the 2024 National Defence Strategy.  
  
World leading technology like Ghost Shark and many of the other autonomous systems that will underpin Australia’s technological future, rely on modern C4 systems that can integrate and fuse data across distributed systems, nodes and networks to enable timely command decision making. Anduril’s open architecture Lattice operating system is an AI-powered software platform that turns thousands of data streams into actionable information for warfighters at all levels. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the warfighters in months, not years.  
  
*Connected Warfare is one of Anduril's Business Lines focused on building a next-gen software-defined distributed C2 architecture focused on orchestrating and automating 3rd party combat-fielded sensors and strike-networks for synchronized joint operations. We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the military.*

#### We are hiring a Senior Software Engineer to lead the design and implementation of Anduril’s flagship hardware and software products in support of customer missions. You will:

* Lead and work with a diverse team of engineers around the world, with opportunities to grow a local team
* Work with multiple internal and external partners to ensure customers receive best-in-class products
* Build and integrate various external software and hardware products into Anduril products
* Derive and communicate requirements from multiple customers and partners, operating in complex and challenging environments

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics.
* High ownership and autonomy across the end-to-end lifecycle of software development. Strong technical acumen to deliver high-quality code in a disconnected environment.
* A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node.
* At least 7+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Go, Rust, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, etc.
* Experience with customer-oriented UI/UX development.
* Experience building scalable backend software systems with various data storage and processing requirements.
* Experience with industry standard cloud platforms (ideally GCP, OCI), CI/CD tools, and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems).
* Experience leading small teams of cross functional engineers to design, build, and deploy software systems.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* Current Australian Government NV2 Security Clearance is mandatory
* Able to work across multiple timezones, primarily Australia Eastern and Pacific

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
