---
title: Senior Product Manager, Web Ecosystem
status: active
id: '5128347007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5128347007?gh_jid=5128347007
lastmod: '2026-05-31T19:46:15-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T11:39:37-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform : Product Design'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### About the Role

We're looking for a technical Product Manager to drive major initiatives within our Web Infrastructure team. This team owns the systems that power both Lattice product infrastructure as well as general web build infrastructure for Anduril. These systems enable application development at scale. In this role, you'll lead critical initiatives that require both product thinking and deep technical coordination across teams.  
  
You will scope and execute complex user-facing projects like driving the overall Lattice application navigation framework roadmap, language localization system, the user setting system, core components design system, and tools to characterize application performance. You will also push forward important developer-facing work like helping define how we configure, package and ship different product suites, or prioritizing tooling to improve developer workflows. This work requires building relationships across all Anduril business lines, understanding diverse technical requirements, and delivering platform capabilities that enable developers to move faster.  
  
You should have experience in frontend software development, and the ability to learn technical concepts quickly. You will need to be comfortable working with engineers and digging into details to understand system dependencies, technical risks and the impact of key architectural decisions. You should be excellent at execution and comfortable navigating ambiguity. You communicate clearly, and bring product clarity to murky engineering discussions.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Drive platform initiatives.** Lead scoping and execution of Lattice product infrastructure investments, as well as build infrastructure investments. Define technical roadmaps that balance immediate needs with long-term platform goals.
* **Enable Lattice developers.** Work closely with application development teams across Anduril to understand their workflows and pain points. Drive strategy to improve these pain points (this may be things like build times, legibility of the application development system, dependency management, usability of core components etc)
* **Enable end-user operators**. Seek out end-user feedback directly as needed, to ensure good decision making at the product infrastructure level. Develop roadmaps that ensure both frontend workflow compatibility across Anduril systems as well as excellent UX.
* **Coordinate across teams.** Build relationships with teams across all business lines that use web infrastructure. Gather requirements, understand constraints, and align diverse stakeholders around shared technical direction.
* **Decompose and execute.** Break down ambiguous problems into concrete technical plans. Work hands-on to scope features, plan sprints, identify dependencies, and drive execution to completion.
* **Own technical strategy.** In partnership with engineering leaders, develop technical pathways for complex initiatives that may span beyond the immediate Web Infra team. Ensure the team makes architectural decisions that balance performance, cost, and developer experience.
* **Communicate context.** Translate technical details for non-technical stakeholders and business context for engineering teams. Set clear expectations and escalate tradeoffs when needed. Write documentation when needed.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5-10 years in software development or technical product management
* Technical background with direct experience in frontend engineering
* Track record working on platform or infrastructure teams with an "enable builders" mindset
* Evidence of being scrappy and hands-on to ship projects, not just planning them
* Proven ability to build relationships and coordinate across multiple technical teams
* Demonstrated success decomposing complex technical problems into product deliverables
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Hands on familiarity with Git
* Comfort with basic command line and scripting
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Background in defense, aerospace, or autonomous systems through industry or education
* Active security clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
