---
title: Loads and Dynamics Engineer, Air Vehicles
status: active
id: '5129776007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5129776007?gh_jid=5129776007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T18:27:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Air Vehicle Structures'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The **Air Dominance and Strike Aerostructures Engineering Team** is responsible for designing and analyzing advanced structural parts for Group 5 air vehicles and missile platforms. Air Dominance and Strike Structures Engineers own the full development lifecycle, from conceptual to detailed design and analysis of primary and secondary structures ensuring high-performance, resilient, and scalable mechanical systems that meet the demands of complex, contested environments.

### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Develop structural loads analysis for multiple air vehicles and systems to ensure structural integrity under various flight and ground conditions
* Generate and maintain integrated dynamics FEMs for multiple vehicles for use in loads derivation, aeroelastic flutter and other analyses
* Conduct aeroelastic and aeroservoelastic studies to predict and verify aircraft behavior
* Conduct flutter analysis to inform vehicle design and ensure flight safety
* Generate flight loads data in accordance with MIL and FAR specifications, such as FAR 23, 25, JSSG-2006, and other relevant standards
* Collaborate with design engineers to develop structural optimization strategies based on loads analysis results
* Prepare detailed technical reports and present findings to internal teams, management, and external customers
* Develop and perform dynamics testing, including vibration testing, modal testing, GVT, etc.
* Define instrumentation and perform data processing for flight loads data acquisition

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering or applied physics with a focus in structures
* 5+ years of experience in a structures, dynamics or loads related role with high ownership and accountability for hardware outcomes
* Deep understanding of statics, dynamics, solid mechanics, materials science, finite element analysis and dynamic testing
* Proficiency in the use of FEMAP, Nastran or similar
* Proficiency in Matlab, Python, or similar for developing analytical models, data acquisition and automation
* Self-directed, results oriented, and capable of working in a dynamic environment
* Excellent time management, organizational, and communication skills
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A prior focus on an aircraft flight loads, aeroelastic or flutter analysis (including transonic, supersonic or hypersonic flight), ground loads, or noise and vibration
* Ability to develop workflow automation tools
* Familiarity developing loads or structural compliance for JSSG-2006, FAR 23, 25, or similar
* Structural or dynamics testing experience (system identification, sine, random, shock, flight) – sensor selection, data acquisition, data post-processing

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
