---
title: Software Engineer, Rapid Integration and Test
status: active
id: '5129324007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5129324007?gh_jid=5129324007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T07:26:19-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T13:37:42-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Rapid Integration & Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril ensures every product meets the highest standards of performance and reliability through a variety of testing activities, including developmental testing with surrogate vehicles. As we grow, we're seeking a dynamic Systems Integration Engineer focused on advancing our unmanned systems to achieve mission-critical objectives by integrating and advancing test platforms that facilitate rapid development and testing, seamlessly merging mechanical, sensor, and software components while collaborating with cross-functional teams to align with our overarching architecture.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Participate in weekly stand-ups and provide Situation Reports (SITREPS) to leadership to highlight progress, pinpoint issues, and facilitate resource enablement.
* Develop and execute a streamlined test plan that focuses on key objectives while maintaining a commitment to safety and minimizing unnecessary procedures.
* Ensure adherence to baseline safety plans, proactively mitigating risks without compromising the team's agility and innovation goals.
* Communicate effectively to bolster teamwork and navigate risks, ensuring that information flows seamlessly within the team and across the organization.
* Act as a key contributor within the T&E team, playing a significant role in shaping the overarching testing strategy and ensuring the success of the prototype's transition to formal development.
* Evaluate and implement sensor integrations that support operation by both human and autonomous planning agents.
* Debug complex linux networking problems

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Robotics, Computer Science, or related field with 3+ years combined professional working experience.
* **2+ years** minimum of professional software development experience
* **2+ years** minimum of relevant experience in UAS integration, testing, and project management.
* Strong proficiency in C++ or Rust, with experience in Linux development environments
* Demonstrated expertise in data structures, algorithms, concurrency, and code optimization
* Hands-on experience working with and testing electrical and mechanical systems
* Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, including hardware and manufacturing
* Strong problem-solving skills and a "Whatever It Takes" mindset
* In-depth knowledge of Pixhawk autopilot systems and ArduPilot stack, including integration, configuration, customization, and testing of unmanned vehicles.
* Practical experience in the operation, testing, and development of small UAS.
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.
* Willing and able to travel on an as needed basis to remote test sites throughout the United States.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Advanced degree in engineering, robotics, computer science, or a related technical or management field.
* Hands-on experience with RC helicopters or UAVs, including piloting, maintenance, and troubleshooting.
* Linux OS programming
* Experience with NixOS
* Knowledge and experience with control software.
* FAA Part 107 certification.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$190,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
