---
title: Software Engineer, Cloud OS
status: active
id: '5130646007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130646007?gh_jid=5130646007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T12:23:12-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T10:58:42-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform : CloudOS'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s CloudOS team is building a self-service platform that allows all containerized software stacks to be built once and deployed everywhere without manual interventions. The team’s north star is to achieve zero-touch deployments. We measure our success by how many manual actions are required to operate every piece of software that Anduril ships. Our opportunity to re-define the way that software is written, shipped, and deployed mandates excellence across design, reliability, and speed in every engineering contribution.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing team. In this role, you will be responsible for fully automating Lattice deployments between multi-cloud, on-prem and edge environments. You will design and implement self-service capabilities that streamline the creation and update process of Lattice. This will require you to work across multiple business lines inside of Anduril to understand what their workloads entail and to synthesize solutions that can be used by the entire company. If you're hands-on, think long-term, and are dedicated to delivering indispensable software platforms, this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build automation pipelines that respond to PR merges to automatically create Lattice stacks and ship software updates all the way from cloud to air-gapped edge nodes deployed remote corners of the world.
* Create a platform that lets everyday users run web apps without having to worry about the underlying infrastructure but also scales to allow power-users to have full control over their hardware.
* Collaborate with service teams and business lines to build applications that can run across all Lattice deployment environments.
* Ship automations that eliminate the manual toil associated with running complex migration operations.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3-7 years working with a variety of programming languages such as Rust, Go, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, etc.
* Have experience working with customers to deliver novel software capabilities
* Want to work on building and integrating model/software/hardware-in-the-loop components by leveraging first and third party technologies (related to simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, networking, and more)
* Love building platform and infrastructure tooling that enables other software engineers to scale their output
* Enjoy collaborating with team members and partners in the autonomy domain, and building technologies and processes which enable users to safely and rapidly develop and deploy autonomous systems at scale
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure), Kubernetes, CI/CD and GitOps tools, and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems)
* You've built or invented something: an app, a website, game, startup
* Previous experience working in an engineering setting: a startup (or startup-like environment), engineering school, etc. If you've succeeded in a low structure, high autonomy environment you'll succeed here!
* Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CICD systems, etc.
* A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node
* Experience building scalable backend software systems with various data storage and processing requirements
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* Experience implementing robot or autonomous vehicle testing frameworks in a software-in-the-loop or hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) environment
* Experience with modern build and deployment tooling (e.g. Crossplane, Terraform)
* Experience designing complex software systems, and iterating upon designs via a technical design review process
* Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
