---
title: Product Quality Engineer (or Senior), Dive-XL
status: active
id: '5130075007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130075007?gh_jid=5130075007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T21:27:35-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Product Quality Engineer (and/or Senior PQE) to join our new team in Quonset, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for working inside and outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver for AUV integration. You will help drive Anduril's internal quality management system to meet AS9100 customer requirements and scaling into our new facility for a new production line being brought into the facility for our Dive-XL. You will partner across the product development organization, production organization, and field operations organizations. This role will be dynamic and full of new engagement, challenges, and opportunities. If you are someone who has passion for the quality of their work, is hands-on with engineering, production, and vendors, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
This role focuses on integration for the AUV and all the sub-systems. The right person for this role will have the knowledge of manufacturing, integration, sub-system performance criteria, and metrology that builds confidence with defense customers. If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Partner with the manufacturing engineering, production, and development engineers to support the quality of the integration process for components such as underwater sensors/equipment, PCBAs, cables, wiring harness, actuators, machined parts and structures, etc. Conduct audits and inspections to ensure compliance with quality standards. Partner with development engineers to create, define, develop, and implement inspection systems.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product build and inspection requirements to meet our customer quality requirements.
* Lead the non-conformance review (NCR) process for vehicle integration: Identify defects and flaws in vehicle and subsystem assembly, identify issues and implement corrective actions, and support the usage of coordinate systems, envelopes, and interfaces for system integration.
* Lead the Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) process for integration, incident management system and Material Review Board (MRB) activities for aircraft programs, while owning containments for prototype builds and production.
* Support the incoming inspection processes and integration process for quality documentation, planning, and metrics for effectiveness.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field.
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in complex assembly and production processes.
* Working knowledge of quality management in defense or other highly regulated environment (AS9100 etc.).
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization.
* Experience partnering with Manufacturing Engineering, chief engineers, development engineers, and customer facing team members to deliver to customer requirements.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes.
* Application of industry standards and best practices.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Previous experience working with PLM and MES systems.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc).
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS .

* Master’s degree in a technical field.
* 7+ years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ AS6500 / ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards and general workmanship standards.
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for aerial vehicles.
* Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, Foundry, and manufacturing execution systems.
* Familiarity with Manufacturing Readiness Levels a plus

#### 

#### US Salary Range

Product Quality Engineer: $74,000 - $129,000   
Senior Product Quality Engineer: $126,000 - $167,000

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
