---
title: Mission Analytics Engineer
status: active
id: '5130552007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130552007?gh_jid=5130552007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T12:54:52-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Air Defense Engineering '
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. We provide warfighters with advanced technologies and assist them in executing their mission, wherever that may be and within rapidly evolving operational environments. We've assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and robotics to create software and hardware solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our Allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Defense team builds robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of UAS threats. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems in challenging operational environments worldwide.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a well-rounded Data/Analytics Engineer to support our Air Defense team. In this role, you will design and maintain data systems to ingest and transform structured, semistructured, and unstructured data, creating robust and efficient data models that deliver actionable insights. You will collaborate with stakeholders to gather requirements and implement secure, reliable analytics solutions, focusing on supporting a variety of data applications.  
  
You will work with engineering and field operations teams to better understand how our family of systems and capabilities performs in production (both in and out of classified environments). Additionally, you will support operational teams by building out data products to support operational workflows. Ensuring data quality and performing root cause analysis on complex systems will be key, as will deploying mission-critical analytics solutions with occasional travel to build, test, and deploy capabilities in real-world scenarios.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Assist in developing and maintaining data systems for high quality, low latency data ingestion from various source systems and transformation for downstream data products and operational workflows.
* Collaborate with stakeholders to collect requirements and write code for secure, timely, accurate, trusted, and extensible data models.
* Become a trusted partner to AD's leadership by creating reusable entities that generalize how our division operates and build product, operations, and business-related workflows, dashboards, and metrics that drive better and faster decision-making.
* Develop and deliver analytics solutions for evolving problems in network-isolated and classified environments.
* Empower users to leverage the aforementioned data architecture to self-serve through enablement & knowledge-transfer, as well as improving the developer/end-user experience.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in an analytics-focused or data-oriented role (e.g., data engineer, analytics engineer, data scientist, data analyst).
* Exceptional general problem-solving and critical-thinking skills, bringing to bear technical solutions to ambiguous and dynamic data problems.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially when communicating with a technical audience; an affection for documentation.
* Ability to work with multiple programming languages and frameworks within our technology ecosystem.
* Participation in developing data solutions in a cloud environment.
* Current US Person status (U.S. citizen or permanent resident) with the ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) Secret Clearance or higher.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Exposure to systems programming languages such as Python, C/C++, Zig, Rust, etc.
* Basic knowledge of analytical workloads in on-premises or resource-constrained environments.
* Introduction to handling data in air-gapped and security-hardened networks.
* Exposure to specialized data formats relevant to robotics (e.g. MCAP, HDF5, etc.).
* Hands-on practice with modern data tools such as dbt, Palantir Foundry, Trino/Presto, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, and/or in-memory databases (e.g., DuckDB, Polars).
* Introductory knowledge of the Nix ecosystem for dependency management and system configuration.
* Basic Linux skills.
* Interest in the challenges of developing and deploying autonomous systems in defense applications.
* Curiosity about the intersection of analytics and hardware systems, motivated by Anduril's mission.
* Prior exposure and significant interest in defense, aerospace, or intelligence domains.

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
