---
title: Director, Government Relations, State and Local (California)
status: active
id: '5130672007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130672007?gh_jid=5130672007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T12:16:03-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Strategic Growth'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Anduril **Government Relations (GR)** team is responsible for developing and implementing Anduril’s government affairs strategy with the federal legislative and executive branches as well as state and local government officials.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Southern California based **Director of State and Local Government Relations** to join our rapidly growing team. In this role, you will be responsible for shaping and implementing GR strategy at the state and local level in partnership with Anduril government relations and key functional and business lines.   
  
In this role, you will set and lead engagement strategy at the state and local level in coordination with Anduril’s state and local and federal team, including designing, planning, and executing state and local strategies in support of Anduril priorities in partnership with state and local government officials, the federal government relations team and key stakeholders. You will also represent the company before a range of audiences to include elected and appointed state and local government officials and their staff, relevant business and industry groups, state and local stakeholders, and other audiences.  
  
In this role, you must have extensive knowledge and experience of the California legislative, economic development, and policy making processes, and an understanding of how these processes impact Anduril and an ability to proactively shape Anduril’s state and local priorities in California. While this position is Southern California based with a focus on California state and local, it will also require engaging with additional state and local governments in support of Anduril locations across the United States to include opportunities to expand into new locations and new states in partnership with Anduril’s federal, state, and local government relations team.  
  
You should be a strategic self-starter with strong communication skills, both verbally and in writing, and work well as part of a team. If you are someone who takes initiative and finds innovative solutions to drive forward priorities as part of a dynamic, fast paced team-oriented environment, this job might be for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Be a proactive strategic agent on behalf of the company priorities and help to define the strategic goals and priorities and to develop and execute a strategic engagement plan, with a focus on informing state and local policy makers and stakeholders with the objective of best advancing the near and long-term interests of the company
* Support the creation and execution of specific government relations strategies to enhance the strategic positioning in the industry and increase the understanding of the company and its business objectives at the state and local level
* Lead company-wide effort to enact strategic priorities at the state and local level
* Work with executives, communications, legal, corporate development, divisions, events, external consultants, and other teams to identify business and policy opportunities and advise them on legislative and policy objects to achieve company-wide goals at the state and local level
* In partnership with functional and business lines, support participation at relevant local and state related industry trade groups, including development of strategies to leverage trade group memberships to advance policy initiatives and goals.
* Design and lead engagement strategy with state and local government officials and stakeholders in support of Anduril priorities
* Coordinate and oversee government relations related visits and events at Anduril facilities
* Draft and manage the company’s engagement process at the state and local level, to include but not limited to overseeing the drafting and submission of white papers, power points, testimony and hearing prep, and other deliverables as required
* Monitor, analyze, and engage the annual policymaking process in relevant states to support the company’s priorities
* Collaborating internally and externally on Anduril priorities, messaging and general outreach to ensure coordination and integration across the business development teams, independent consultants and senior leadership at the company as it relates to state and local priorities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelors degree
* Salary and position will be commensurate with experience
* Minimum 8 years experience in the government relations, and/or California state executive or legislative arena. Demonstrated success in planning and implementing strategies to promote government relations priorities and influence change at the state and local level.
* Lobby registration in the State of California, local jurisdictions, and other states as required. Registration at the federal level may be needed as well.
* Extensive knowledge of California state and local legislative and executive process, as well as an understanding of state and local stakeholders in California and these processes impacting the company’s business development agenda
* Ability to build coalitions and to develop and maintain relationships with key state and local officials and industry and trade associations
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Proven ability to work independently and as part of a team to pursue short and long-term goals
* Ability to work and be an integral part of an action-oriented, decision-making working environment
* Willingness to travel at the state and national level approximately 30% or greater.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
