---
title: Program Security Manager
status: active
id: '5130819007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130819007?gh_jid=5130819007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T20:59:30-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Security'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Security Team at Anduril is the cornerstone of defense, employing unparalleled security measures and state-of-the-art technology to ensure the protection of our people, assets, operations, and innovations. Given the unique nature of this company, our team supports a host of standard and non-standard taskings integrating physical and digital measures to stay ahead of evolving threats. We also uphold stringent industry and government compliance, creating a secure environment that nurtures the development of cutting-edge defense solutions and ensures Anduril's continued growth and innovation in a complex global landscape.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The **Program Security Manage**r will provide embedded security support to a dynamic and robust program with classification levels spanning from collateral to SAP/SCI. The Program Security Manager must be able to understand and interpret security requirements outlined in 32 CFR Part 117, DoDM 5205.07, and applicable customer-specific security requirements. Must be able to work within a collaborative team environment and take independent action, analyze problems, and provide security focused solutions to Anduril and government personnel.   
  
The position requires a self-motivated candidate able to operate in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, with the ability to quickly establish trust and partnership with the program team. Must be able to leverage expertise with US government security policies, procedures and industry experience as it relates to Industrial & Special Programs.   
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Provide dedicated program security support on assigned classified contracts. Security support will include personnel and physical security initiatives for program personnel, spaces, and activities.
* Ensure compliance with 32 CFR Part 117, DoDM 5205.07, and applicable customer-specific security requirements as outlined in multiple DD-254s.
* Engage and advise the Program Manager on security related initiatives by identifying issues that potentially impact business operations.
* Assist in preparation of various security plans, Concept of Operations (CONOPS), as required for the movement, transportation, delivery, storage, and operation of classified information and hardware.
* In conjunction with program requirements, develop and execute a robust and comprehensive security program encompassing multiple security disciplines and efforts.
* In coordination with the security education manager, develop and deliver applicable security education topics to program personnel.
* Report and investigate security incidents specific to their assigned program and recommend mitigations.
* Develops, implements and administers Operational Security (OPSEC) and Program Protection planning requirements by ensuring compliance with government and company regulations.
* Provide employees with personnel security guidance as mandated by SEAD 3 reporting requirements and assist with managing new program personnel with clearance and access requests.
* Coordinate classified meetings requiring incoming/outgoing VARs; liaison between Security Services and Anduril meeting hosts to facilitate meetings.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* High school diploma and seven years of industrial security-related experience
* Exceptional time management and prioritization skills, with the ability to achieve goals and targets while handling multiple tasks
* Experience with conducting security briefings, debriefings and have the ability to clearly explain security processes and procedures
* Experience implementing multiple security disciplines to include Personnel, Physical, Communications and Operations Security programs and requirements
* Ability to communicate and interact professionally and courteously both orally and in writing with all levels of employees, management and customers
* Reliable attendance and punctuality. Anduril is an “in-person” office
* Must possess a current U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
