---
title: NDT Inspector Level II, Maritime
status: active
id: '5130906007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5130906007?gh_jid=5130906007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T11:47:34-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T23:07:49-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-42)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Technology, Maritime Team is seeking an NDT Inspector Level II. The Maritime Manufacturing Technology Team is responsible for rapidly developing and implementing manufacturing technologies and processes for cutting-edge defense hardware. This team is building the factory of the future to deliver next-generation capabilities to our warfighters, and you will be a critical part of ensuring our products are flawless.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a NDT Inspector Level II, you will evaluate and inspect our products to ensure that they meet the engineering requirements. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, measurement equipment, and inspection methodologies according to NAVSEA requirements within a high-rate production environment. If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you. This role requires a unique blend of deep technical expertise, procedural discipline, and the ability to adapt to a fast-paced R&D and production environment. Your work will be the bedrock of quality for systems designed to operate in the world's most demanding environments.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Inspect materials, equipment, processes, and products to ensure NDT procedures and techniques for various methods (UT and/or RT) ensuring compliance with NAVSEA 271 and other relevant customer specifications.
* Review engineering drawings to understand and measure hardware key characteristics.
* Collaborate with receiving, operations and program engineering to prioritize work scope.
* Review standards, specifications, processes, and help qualify NDT equipment for new and expanding manufacturing facilities.
* Create and perform validations for tools and equipment.
* Investigate and troubleshoot product or production issues.
* Support internal and external audits of the NDT program.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Verifiable, documented work experience that meets or exceeds the minimum training and work time requirements outlined in NAVSEA T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 for certification as a Level II Examiner. The candidate's experience portfolio must satisfy the specific hour requirements for each NDT method for which they will be responsible.
* Current NDT Level II certification from a recognized body (e.g., ASNT) in a minimum of one (1) of the following methods: Ultrasonic Testing (UT) and/or Radiographic Testing (RT).
* Experience performing NDT on critical welded structures, pressure vessels, castings, or forgings for naval or other critical defense applications.
* Must be a U.S. Person (U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident) due to contractual requirements.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Active Secret or Top-Secret security clearance.
* Bachelor of Science degree in an engineering discipline (e.g., Materials Science, Welding Engineering, Mechanical Engineering).
* In-depth knowledge of related fabrication and inspection codes, including NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, ASME B&PV Section V, and AWS D1.2.
* Familiarity with other relevant military standards, such as MIL-STD-2132.

US Hourly Range

$37.01—$49.03 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
