---
title: Senior Flight Test Engineer, Group 5
status: active
id: '5131727007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131727007?gh_jid=5131727007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T12:13:44-04:00'
location: Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Test Operations : Test & Evaluation'
offices:
- Las Vegas, NV
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position is looking for a highly motivated flight test engineer, and test lead with emphasis in developmental test of a new and revolutionary Group 5 UAS. You will work heavily with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments to help build a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. The role will be responsible for assisting on planning, coordination, execution and reporting on all facets of the test program.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.

## WHAT YOU’LL DO

* As a lead Flight Test Engineer, under minimal supervision, you will determine, develop and recommend various approaches to achieve T&E goals set by Anduril T&E and Program leadership. You will manage, guide, and execute technical efforts of the Fury development test program. You will provide direct input to test event planning, preparation, execution and reporting.
* This position will focus heavily on new aircraft development, with emphasis on envelope expansion, flying qualities, vehicle autonomy, and test in operational environments.
* You will be responsible for ensuring comprehensive flight test campaign execution of multiple test articles in support of high-risk test events.
* Test duties include the testing hardware and software in laboratory, ground and flight test environments, with emphasis placed on resource planning. You will be expected to seek process improvements to increase test efficiency across all test environments.
* You will be directly responsible for supporting test execution at government test facilities with USG partners.
* You will facilitate and lead the technical interactions between disparate engineering teams. You will coordinate across the members of T&E IPT, including Flight Operations and Maintenance.
* You will directly contribute to periodic and milestone engineering reviews, often facilitating technical discussions between Anduril and customer representatives.
* Faced with numerous technical and execution challenges, you will be expected to develop creative solutions to unique problems. You will be biased for action — you are empowered to engage your team to solve and fix any problem you encounter without direct supervision.
* You will be part of an organization that challenges traditional T&E paradigms and is poised to affect the trajectory of the flight test industry.

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years of experience as test conductor/director for developmental aircraft, weapons, or missile systems.
* A bachelor's degree or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution. May substitute equivalent engineering experience in lieu of education.
* Test engineering experience working with developmental systems of manned and/or unmanned aircraft to include requirements development, test planning and execution, and test reporting.
* Must have a complete understanding of Test & Evaluation engineering concepts, principles, codes, and theory; with experience demonstrating a broad application of those areas. This includes experience working across program Integrated Product Teams to influence system design or configuration.
* Previous experience with and current working knowledge of DCMA INST 8210, MIL-STD-516, 14 CFR, and service related T&E guiding documents. Foundational expertise and working knowledge of the National Airspace System, government restricted airspace and UAS operating rules and regulations thereof.
* Prior experience conducting development flight test operations at military ranges.
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly; apply them accurately; organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; and determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems.
* Strong computer and documentation experience.
* Must have strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team; able to perform complex tasks in one or more engineering areas.
* Experience with large aircraft development and working with the Department of Defense (DoD)
* Able to work extended hours as required.
* Ability to travel as required for test planning and execution
* Ability to immediately obtain a U.S. Top Secret-Level security clearance.

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 15+ years experience in Test & Evaluation, or related technical fields.
* Previously held a role as the Flight Test Engineering Lead
* Been a part of the first flight of a developmental aircraft, or major aircraft system.
* Bias for action – if you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it
* Experience managing individuals or teams of multiple individuals
* Experience with large UAS development
* Previous experience working within a Combined Test Force or equivalent

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
