---
title: Manufacturing Engineering Manager, Barracuda
status: active
id: '5131432007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131432007?gh_jid=5131432007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T06:11:34-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyper-scale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.   
  
**ABOUT THE PRODUCT**  
  
The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda)product is at its leading edge. Barracuda is a family of air breathing autonomous air vehicles (AAVS) purpose-built for hyper-scale production and mass employment. The Barracuda family of AAVs consist of Barracuda-100, Barracuda-250, and Barracuda-500. Each increment offers increasing size, range and payload capacity, but all barracudas are compatible with a host of payloads and employment mechanisms, support a variety of different missions, and provide warfighters with an adaptable and upgradeable capability to counter evolving threats.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Barracuda Launch Team (BLT) will set the standard for building the future at **[Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1),** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.

#### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Manager of Manufacturing Engineering, you will be responsible for leading and managing a manufacturing engineering team over a subset of Anduril’s products to drive process improvements, ensure the highest quality of production, and support the development and implementation of new products and processes. You will play a crucial role in optimizing manufacturing processes, reducing costs, and increasing efficiencies on existing technologies while also developing new products and scaling to full scale production.  
  
\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Costa Mesa for a 3-month training program. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Direct and develop the manufacturing engineering team dedicated to the Barracuda 500 program. Oversee the complete industrialization process, from initial prototyping and design validation to establishing and scaling large-volume production lines
* Responsible for setting strategic technical direction, driving continuous process improvement, evaluating team and project performance, and ensuring the highest standards of manufacturing efficiency and quality
* Develop and execute strategic plans for production capabilities, incorporating new technologies and methodologies.
* Own documentation required for successfully manufacturing product group hardware at scale, such as work instructions, inspection plans & requirements, etc.
* Collaborate with product development teams to ensure manufacturability of new designs and smooth transition from prototype to production
* Assist in the selection, installation, and commissioning of new manufacturing equipment and processes, ensuring optimal integration into production lines
* Drive continuous improvement initiatives that result in cost reduction, quality enhancement, and throughput maximization
* Manage budgets and forecast future manufacturing needs, including personnel, equipment, and materials
* Establish and maintain robust training and documentation programs to enhance team skills and promote cross-functional knowledge sharing
* Foster a culture of innovation, teamwork, and accountability within the manufacturing engineering department
* Serve as the technical expert and point of contact for manufacturing engineering issues, providing guidance and support to resolve complex problems
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure successful product launches, from initial design through to full-scale production
* Liaise with vendors and suppliers to ensure the timely delivery of equipment and materials and maintain quality standards
* Analyze production metrics and performance data to identify trends and opportunities for improvement
* Ensure compliance with all safety, quality, and regulatory requirements within the manufacturing process

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or a related field
* Minimum of 5-7 years of experience in manufacturing engineering, with at least 3 years in a managerial role
* Experience developing products from scratch and successfully scaling to production in industry leading timeframes
* Proven track record of leading teams, developing new products and processes, and cradle to grave ownership
* Experience driving process improvements in a manufacturing setting
* An attitude of world-class mission assurance, quality, attention to detail, and dedication
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and thirst for learning
* Excellent project management skills and experience leading cross-functional projects
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities
* Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively at all levels of the organization
* Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
* Ability to generate and manage metrics and dashboards
* Technical expertise in manufacturing systems (MES, ERP, etc.)
* U.S. Citizen Required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Exposure to aircraft programs or other relevant aerospace & defense technologies
* Software scripting experience in any language
* Lean Six Sigma certification (Green Belt or higher) or equivalent experience
* Familiarity with J-STD-001, IPC-A-610, and IPC/WHMA-A-620 or equivalent standards
* Proficient in CAD software and familiar with modern manufacturing technologies and automation
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.). Work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus
* Masters degree in engineering, business, or related field

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
