---
title: Operations Generalist, Mission Systems
status: active
id: '5131457007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131457007?gh_jid=5131457007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T09:07:14-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Mission Systems Engineering : Mission Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The focus of the Anduril Mission Systems Division is to develop, produce and deploy best-in-class sensors and mission-enabling payloads for superior battlespace awareness across all relevant domains, platforms and missions.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

You will report to the Head of Operations for the Anduril Mission Systems Division but work directly with Business Line General Managers, Division Operations Leadership, and teams across Anduril corporate (finance, etc.) to run business operations for the Mission Systems Division. Your work will vary from quick-turn operational fire-fighting, building and redesigning processes, to leading high-impact strategic projects. This role allows you to not only see the magic behind running the Mission Systems Division and engage with each part of the business line (program management, engineering, production, and corporate), but to also work with and support the Head of Operations to drive toward business success.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Drive day-to-day business operations for the Mission Systems Division. This would include financial tracking, staffing/hiring, facilities expansion/maintenance, special projects, process improvement, corporate governance, etc. and working with cross functional partners across these domains. Specific examples include:
  + Manage the Business Line P&Ls in partnership with a FP&A partner to track financial health of budget against goals, drive actions to maintain operating expenses with budget, assess financial data and create strategies to drive toward margin targets, etc.
  + Drive content preparation for Monthly Business Reviews and Quarterly Business Reviews for presentation to Anduril Executives.
  + Engage with Business Line leaders and program managers to track and report out status and risks.
  + Drive annual planning for the Mission Systems Division as part of the corporate planning cycle.
  + Manage staffing and hiring - Support tactical staffing assignments in service of critical business line needs, track headcount, and work with recruiting to prioritize open roles and determine hiring strategies needed for rapid scaling.
  + Work with corporate technology to build the underlying data and system infrastructure for organizational operations - Confluence spaces, Jira systems, data drives, etc.
  + Manage Mission Systems Division communications internal to the team and external across the company, such as All Hands, etc.
  + Manage planning and strategy for facilities, secured spaces, and capital investment.
* Own and execute on special projects for the Mission Systems Division and Business Lines - Examples could include supporting acquisition integrations, working with the Business Line GMs on strategies to reduce production variance costs, brainstorming on org development, completing strategic assessments and studies for the Head of Operations, etc.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 8+ years of working experience with minimum 2+ years in a technical engineering role or 2+ years in a consulting, operations, finance, product/program management, or general business analyst role (You have a business foundation and can understand how a P&L works).
* A strong communicator across a wide dynamic range - Ability to translate and articulate thoughts clearly and simply across a wide range of roles (working level engineers, finance partners, recruiters, cross functional leadership, and executives).
* Experience interfacing with leadership and executives - you understand how to cultivate trust and facilitate meetings for and engage with executives.
* Strong emotional intelligence and ability to solve operational problems not only from a data driven lens, but also in a people-centric way by building strong cross functional relationships across the company and within the engineering organization.
* Combination ability to execute on a tactical level as well as put together a strategy to solve complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems. You are comfortable rolling up your sleeves and diving deep into executing operational tasks that require high attention to detail and high organization skills, but you can also zoom out at a 30,000 foot level to create a strategy that solves high level problems for the business line, division, and company.
* High ownership with the horsepower to juggle multiple (3-5+) large projects and priorities in parallel, at a rapid pace, and report out on progress regularly without dropping any balls.
* Discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* Highly Organized
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience working in the defense and/or technology sectors
* Experience working in a role that requires influencing stakeholders

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
