---
title: Phased Array Engineer
status: active
id: '5131154007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5131154007?gh_jid=5131154007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T13:36:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T12:24:52-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Radar'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (Denrose)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Radar team is seeking an experienced **Staff RF Engineer** to help us design, test, and deploy the next generation of US radars. The Radar team is responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from the ideation stage through initial production.  In this role, you will work closely with an interdisciplinary technical team to define radar architectures, design solutions, build prototypes, perform testing, and mature the prototypes into products.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Own the design and development of advanced phased arrays and RF electronics for military radar systems, ensuring cutting-edge performance and reliability.
* Lead testing, troubleshooting, and optimization efforts to ensure radar systems meet rigorous performance requirements across various operating environments.
* Mentor and guide junior engineers, fostering technical growth and ensuring quality across the team’s deliverables.
* Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to define radar architectures, system concepts, and end-to-end product requirements.
* Conduct trade studies, RF simulations, and prototyping to drive innovation and ensure optimal system performance.
* Drive technical decision-making and contribute to programmatic strategy, ensuring alignment with company objectives and mission success.
* Stay ahead of emerging technologies, industry trends, and best practices to maintain Anduril’s technological edge.
* Support production ramp-up, including design for manufacturing (DFM), design for testability (DFT), and supplier engagement.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, electronics engineering, computer engineering or related field.
* 7+ years of professional experience in developing RF electronics, phased arrays, antennas or related radar electronics
* Proficiency in RF design and analysis tools such as Ansys HFSS, Keysight ADS, or comparable tools.
* Expertise with RF measurement equipment, including Network Analyzers, Signal Analyzers, and Near Field Scanners.
* Strong knowledge of PCB design (schematic capture, layout), with experience in tools like Altium.
* Deep understanding of electronic systems engineering, including design specification, part selection, and test planning.
* Proven ability to lead technical initiatives, solve complex problems, and implement innovative solutions with attention to detail.
* Demonstrated experience working across multidisciplinary teams in fast-paced environments.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

**TOOL FAMILIARITY:**

* Electromagnetic Simulation Tools: Ansys HFSS or comparable.
* RF Circuit Design Tools: Keysight Advanced Design System (ADS) or similar.
* Electronics Design Tools: Altium or comparable PCB design tools.
* Programming Languages: Python, MATLAB, C++, or similar for design, simulation, and testing.
* Test Equipment: Signal analyzers, RF network analyzers, Near Field Scanners, etc.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Masters degree in RF/Microwave Engineering
* Expertise in active phased array radar and beamforming technologies.
* Knowledge of antenna array simulation, design, and manufacturing
* Familiarity with advanced PCB technologies for high-frequency RF and high-density routing/interconnect.
* Proven track record of leading phased array radar system designs from concept to production in a defense or aerospace environment.

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$165,000—$218,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
