---
title: Senior Product Quality Engineer, Aerospace
status: active
id: '5132714007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5132714007?gh_jid=5132714007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T16:35:07-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T15:44:56-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Product Quality Engineer, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality aerospace structures (composites and metallic). This role focuses on collaborating and driving early engagement with our design team, and manufacturing team, to meet our quality requirements and to evaluate manufacturing performance. The right person for this role has knowledge of, aerospace quality standards, supply chain quality, inspection methods, root cause analysis, and continuous improvement. An ideal candidate for this role has experiences in aerospace manufacturing, product development, supplier quality, metrology, and quality planning. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes and aerospace products, work hands-on with engineering, and be accountable for results of a growing team, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Drive product development and production for aerospace programs using processes such as drawing and work instruction reviews, quality planning, inspection, end-of-line metrics, verification, validation, and qualification of processes, parts, and sub- assemblies.
* Drive clarity & resolution for production ambiguities associated with product maturity and process stability.
* Champion the transition from new product introduction (NPI) to a sustainable & predictable, rate manufacturing
* Coordinate quality requirements with the Supply Chain team and develop processes for incoming part and material acceptance.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA), Material Review Board (MRB) activities, and inspection process Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team. Establish metrics for measuring quality and the factors that predict quality performance.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Write, implement, and execute to project and program wide quality planning documentation.
* Leverage resources to deliver quality through the product development cycle.
* Design, develop, and leverage elements of the Anduril QMS to meet and exceed aerospace customers’ quality expectations.
* Understand qualification of internal and external manufacturing processes including measurement methods, PPAP/FAI, inspection methods & test protocol & acceptance test plans for aerospace programs.
* Lead the transition from engineering qualification to manufacturing variance testing for product quality coverage.
* Coordinate with supplier quality engineers who are supporting the design, development and procurement activities with the suppliers for aerospace programs.
* Create training documentation for manufacturing and quality personnel to support manufacturing and quality inspection.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Full-time on site in Anduril’s Morrisville, NC facility
* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field.
* Experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality on aerospace vehicles or systems.
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of aerospace parts, assemblies, hardware, and raw materials.
* Experience partnering with production, design engineering, manufacturing engineering, and customer facing team members to deliver to customer requirements.
* Working knowledge of mechanical manufacturing processes. Application of industry standards and best practices.
* Experience with CAD systems such as NX, SolidWorks, or CATIA
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active Secret U.S. security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Working knowledge on composite and metallic airframe manufacturing processes and related defects
* 1+ years of experience with developing quality systems in highly complex manufacturing environments and suppliers. Working knowledge of AS9100/ AS6500 / ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for aerial vehicles.
* Experience with manufacturing execution systems.

US Salary Range

$110,000—$150,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
