---
title: EOL Test Technician, Barracuda
status: active
id: '5132680007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5132680007?gh_jid=5132680007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T06:10:06-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyper-scale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.   
  
**ABOUT THE PRODUCT**  
  
The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda)product is at its leading edge. Barracuda is a family of air breathing autonomous air vehicles (AAVS) purpose-built for hyper-scale production and mass employment. The Barracuda family of AAVs consist of Barracuda-100, Barracuda-250, and Barracuda-500. Each increment offers increasing size, range and payload capacity, but all barracudas are compatible with a host of payloads and employment mechanisms, support a variety of different missions, and provide warfighters with an adaptable and upgradeable capability to counter evolving threats.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Barracuda Launch Team (BLT) will set the standard for building the future at **[Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1),** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are seeking a Test Technician, EOL (End of Line) to join our team at our Ashville, OH facility. In this role you will work on cutting-edge technology. You will play a key role in delivering our AAVS to our customers by working hands-on with our engineering team in a multi-disciplinary environment to scale our AAVS production. This role will be testing complex electromechanical assemblies, and testing End of Line product.  
  
**\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Costa Mesa for a 3-month training program. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay.**

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* The Test Technician, EOL will report to the Production Supervisor and lead/work alongside other test technicians
* Work within a team of multidisciplinary engineers and operations team and test as part overall AAV production integration.
* While executing manufacturing operations, apply a higher level of knowledge and skills in hardware assembly, troubleshooting and repair.
* Handle multiple priorities, organize workload, and meet deadlines.
* Ability to work on the line, provide training, and support new operator onboarding as required
* Perform configuration tasks to flash/load correct SW/FW versions onto devices.
* Build, test, and integrate complex electrical and mechanical assemblies into our world class AAVs
* Execute on detailed sub-system End-of-Line (EOL) tests from prepared procedures
* Perform incoming quality inspection testing on PCBA’s
* Proficient at troubleshooting and repairing electrical, electronics and integrated circuits to the component level.
* Help develop, document, and improve the production process
* 5S work areas, perform part inspections, close out work order, and follow safety best practices
* Support management of tools, equipment, and lab supplies (maintenance, calibrations, raw material stock)
* Build a positive and collaborative team culture that promotes product knowledge, skills development, and X-training
* Show up every day with a high level of urgency and enthusiasm to get the job done
* Perform additional tasks in support of business objectives and/or to develop the individuals' skills

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years in electronics and test working in relevant fields such as robotics, defense, or aerospace
* Solid background in electronics working in relevant fields (Robotics, Defense, Avionics)
* Prior experience as a Test Technician either in-kind or directly, in a fast-paced manufacturing environment
* Experience in preparing and executing test procedures with high levels of attention to detail
* Familiarity with electrical engineering principles and concepts
* Experience working from technical documentation, electrical schematics, and engineering drawings
* Commitment to a high-quality product and strong sense of personal accountability
* Familiarity with basic electrical test equipment such as DMMs, oscilloscopes, function generators, power supplies, etc.
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Has a never-ending sense of urgency and enthusiasm
* U.S. Citizen Required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in air breathing autonomous air vehicles (AAVS equipment)
* Experience working with electrical systems up to 400VDC
* IPC 610 and/or 620 Certification
* Experience with low volume / high mix manufacturing

US Hourly Range

$26—$35 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
