---
title: Senior Buyer
status: active
id: '5132161007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5132161007?gh_jid=5132161007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T16:29:12-04:00'
location: Hudson, New Hampshire, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - AIRS'
offices:
- ' Hudson, NH'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril AIRS provides high-performance cooled infrared imaging solutions, encompassing IDCAs, modules, and cameras. We achieve this through state-of-the-art technologies, advanced designs, and vertically integrated manufacturing processes. Our core strength lies in delivering customized, mission-critical imaging capabilities to system integrators and instrumentation manufacturers facing unique, challenging, and complex thermal imaging needs.

As a member of the Supply Chain Team, you will be responsible for managing supplier relationships, negotiating prices, and ensuring parts are delivered on time. This is an exciting opportunity to be a part a growing and dynamic team working closely with engineering and manufacturing teams to support the development and sourcing of cutting-edge defense technologies. The right person for this role is someone who can excel in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment where small teams share a broad variety of duties; has strong people and communication skills; is eager to identify opportunities, find solutions, execute plans, and evaluate results critically and expediently; is committed to learning from mistakes and driven to improve and enhance performance of oneself, others, and the company.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead cross-functional projects to achieve cost, quality, and delivery targets.
* Support engineering & manufacturing to determine best sources.
* Identify and execute cost reduction projects.
* Negotiate commercial terms.
* Analyze supplier data and identify areas of opportunity for expanding and/or consolidating the ASL.
* Conduct research, benchmark, and collect market data to ensure a best-in-class supply base.
* Place purchase orders and resolve downstream issues with receiving, finance, and accounting.
* Own procurement process cradle-to-grave.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree
* 3+ years of supply chain management or material planning experience
* Experience with ERP and PLM systems.
* Experience with technical procurement.
* Effective written, verbal, and presentation skills.
* Exceptional analytical and organizational skills.
* Willingness to travel to vendor sites.

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in relevant manufacturing industries (e.g., Aerospace and Defense, Automotive, Space, Electronics)
* FAR/DFARS experience

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
