---
title: Manager, Technical Revenue Accounting
status: active
id: '5132362007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5132362007?gh_jid=5132362007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T12:18:13-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Accounting : Accounting'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-11)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Our dynamic Technical Revenue Accounting team plays a pivotal role in ensuring the accuracy and integrity of our financial reporting. We are actively searching for an exceptional Manager, Technical Revenue Accounting, to lead and elevate our processes across our revenue cycles. The ideal candidate will have a mix of extensive technical revenue accounting experience with a variety of applications of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and the ability to make complex technical revenue matters simple.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Primary responsibilities will encompass leading revenue contract documentation and providing expert pre-consulting, fostering the growth and development of the technical revenue accounting team, performing first-level review of contract revenue accounting checklists, and actively contributing to the design and implementation of our robust revenue policies, procedures, and internal control framework. This role includes collaborating closely with different functional areas inclusive of, but not limited to: Program Managers, Financial Planning and Analysis, Accounts Receivable, and Contract Managers/Legal.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Directly manage and mentor a team of two Senior Technical Revenue Accountants, providing comprehensive technical guidance and serving as a subject-matter expert for technical revenue. This includes advising on complex revenue accounting treatments, journal entries, standalone selling price assessments, and other critical technical accounting interpretations.
* Proactively track and analyze contract review throughput and performance data. Regularly report insights to the Senior Manager and implement strategic work assignment adjustments to maintain optimal review pace and efficiency with evolving contract volumes.
* Provide feedback on Technical Revenue Accounting Team’s contract interpretations and application of ASC 606 guidance to related stakeholders.
* Prepare and/or review technical accounting contract checklists, memos, detailed revenue cycle walkthroughs, and other documented position papers.
* Foster productive relationships with finance and accounting departments to identify and channel continuous improvement opportunities in line with revenue accounting requirements: automation, scale, precision, and standardization.
* Partner closely with the Revenue Operations team to ensure all revenue is accurately reflected, recognized, and reported in a timely manner each month.
* Contribute to team leadership by inspiring, coaching, training, and mentoring direct reports, fostering an environment that embraces continuous professional development and operational excellence.
* Support in actively identifying, evaluating, and leading the optimization of automation opportunities to enhance our revenue accounting processes, driving efficiency and scalability across the organization.
* Support the external audit process with independent auditors, managing and reviewing prepared audit support.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4+ years of progressive accounting experience with significant exposure to revenue-related topics.
* Demonstrated experience leading a team in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities.
* Strong organizational and communication skills.
* Deep knowledge and experience with ASC 606 principles and practices with the ability to explain complex treatments and options to non-finance and business teams.
* Demonstrated experience in leading process improvement and optimization initiatives within accounting or finance.
* Proven ability to manage competing priorities in a high-growth, fast-paced organization.
* Prior experience in companies that focus on high-technology or advanced manufacturing preferred.
* Defense/government contract experience is preferred.
* Big4 background is preferred.
* CPA certification (Active or Inactive) or current CPA candidacy is preferred.
* Experience with Oracle Fusion, Salesforce, Slack, and Palantir Foundry are preferred.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
