---
title: Production Manager, 2nd Shift
status: active
id: '5133177007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5133177007?gh_jid=5133177007
lastmod: '2026-06-06T06:26:15-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T09:09:12-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Full Rate Production'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## 

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) has a manufacturing facility located in McHenry, MS, just north of the Gulfport/Biloxi metro area, approximately 45 minutes from the Gulf. The site houses dozens of buildings and includes facilities focused on research and development, case preparation, and solid rocket fuel manufacturing. RMS is made of multiple teams including Development Operations, Production Operations, Quality, Supply Chain & Warehouse, Manufacturing Engineering, Tool Engineering, Facilities, and Maintenance. This role would be located onsite as part of the Production Operations organization.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

As 2nd Shift Production Manager, you will support Anduril’s solid rocket motor business line by personally seeing to the Safety of the 2nd shift team during inert and energetic production operations, coordinating shift handovers with the day shift managers, and collaborating with other groups such as Manufacturing Engineering, Quality Engineering, Supply Chain, Warehouse, and EH&S to set conditions for successful and efficient execution of scheduled work. You will also be responsible for developing subordinate leaders such as supervisors and/or leads, enforcing corporate policies and maintaining a standard of excellence with less oversight than a typical shift manager.  
  
This position requires that you be comfortable working with and around potentially hazardous chemicals, can maintain exceptional attention to detail, and, above all else, have the courage to call a “Stop Work” if the situation calls for it. You will also be expected to quickly adapt to new challenges and taskings as a leader in a new and evolving business division.

* Manage Production Supervisors, Leads, and Technicians
* Develop your subordinates and facilitate career growth
* Promote a culture of ownership, personal accountability, and safety
* Oversee the scheduling and execution of inert and energetic work
* Perform periodic Safety evaluations
* Lead and/or contribute to Root Cause and Corrective Action Analyses
* Partner with other work groups on projects
* Be responsible for KPI compilation and reporting to senior leadership
* Perform other job-related duties as assigned.

#### QUALIFICATIONS

* 6+ years of manufacturing leadership experience. Extensive leadership experience in other domains will also factor in this decision. Experience in high-risk and/or high-danger professions is strongly preferred
* Basic familiarity with the major elements of DoD 4145 and AS9100
* Mechanical aptitude and experience working with hand-tools and standard industrial adhesives
* Strong proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite and the ability to adapt to new software utilizations quickly
* Experience evaluating data and information and packaging those inputs into polished presentations for senior and executive leaders
* Ability to work in a very fast-paced organization with minimal oversight
* High ownership mentality and willingness to tackle problems that may challenge you.
* Fit enough to deal with regular stair climbing, frequent bending, stooping, kneeling, twisting, turning, and standing for extended periods.
* Capable of lifting at least 40 pounds and withstand frequent repetitive movement of hands with a variety of tooling.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Floor Level Management Experience with Solid Rocket Motors
* Experience with the aerospace and defense industries
* 8+ years of direct leadership/management experience of 15 or more direct reports

## 

US Salary Range

$99,000—$131,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
