---
title: Associate Director, Space Growth
status: active
id: '5133374007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5133374007?gh_jid=5133374007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T16:51:04-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T20:05:38-04:00'
location: Chantilly, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering : Space Capture'
offices:
- ' Chantilly, VA'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Remote Sensing, Command and Control, Space Domain Awareness, and Space Control for U.S government, military and allied partners. We are developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our country maintains a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE**

We are hiring a strategic and execution-driven **Associate Director** to help lead Growth and Capture for our Space business line. This role is responsible for identifying, shaping, and capturing major opportunities in the national security space (Ground and Space) business. You will be running the capture process. In order to meet current and future client needs, the team must deeply understand the users pain points, how current solutions fail to address existing gaps, and how Anduril products can deliver more effective mission outcomes.  
  
The ideal candidate thrives in ambiguity, has deep experience working with government stakeholders (specifically the National Reconnaissance Office and other key Intelligence Community partners, and secondarily the Department of Defense), is considered an extreme owner, and understands that the majority of work happens before a specific source selection is identified. You will be at the tip of the spear working closely with customer leadership, product teams, engineering, and executive leadership to shape future programs and deliver critical capability to the mission. Once an opportunity is identified you will drive the capture strategy, own customer engagements and drive proposal execution. After capture, you will have the opportunity to follow a successful proposal into the execution phase to strengthen relationships and assist in delivery of our commitments.

### **WHAT YOU WILL DO**

* **Generate and capture business opportunities**. This team is ultimately responsible for growing the business. This is achieved by developing a deep understanding of the existing and prospective client base, knowing the current or planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, and being cognizant of the competitive landscape. This expertise will inform capture strategies, revenue forecasts, and aid in technology development plans. Tactically, you will manage continuous engagements with current and future clients, generate growth strategies, and monitor buying cycles for opportunities.
* **Own and drive end-to-end capture lifecycle**, from early opportunity shaping through proposal development and contract award. This includes a multi-hatted person who can operate at the strategic level in supporting and developing concepts, as well as own the tactical level of driving the proposal/whitepaper writing and analysis.
* **Grow existing business.** You will partner with our engineering and program management teams to grow business with current clients, identify and qualify new pursuits. In addition to expanding current work, this also includes leveraging existing partnerships to explore new areas of work or opportunities by sustaining and building upon the strong foundation of those client relationships.
* **Build and nurture strong, trusted relationships.** You will develop strong relationships with key stakeholders across the NRO, broader IC, DoD, and space-related mission partners to include senior military and civilian US Government customers, current and prospective customers, as well as industry partners and suppliers. You will serve as a thought partner to program leadership on long-term growth and customer positioning.
* **Inform product roadmap development.** As you will be responsible for developing and executing tailored growth strategies aligned with customer priorities, you will be a critical stakeholder in translating these into Anduril’s product roadmap. The team must trust your value judgement and assessment of the required mission outcome as you interpret and convey various client needs. Internally, you will provide the necessary clarity to inform priorities, keep Anduril stakeholders informed, determine key milestones, and proactively providing clear communications to appropriate levels of the company.
* Track and influence policy, acquisition trends, and budgetary shifts to inform strategy and identify early opportunities.
* Foster a culture of trust, open communications, customer focus, innovation, and continuous improvement.
* Deliver on financial performance commitments and strategic market growth.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 10+ years of relevant experience
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or a related technical field
* Familiarity with target customers across the NRO and other key IC and DoD communities and have an intimate understanding of government acquisition
* Previous experience supporting space vehicle and space ground programs for NRO and other IC and DoD customers
* This candidate must have high ownership and be able to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Outstanding writing, communication skills with experience presenting to senior executives and customers
* Ability to identify, establish and use important customer relationships with senior level officials and program stakeholders
* Demonstrated knowledge of relevant NRO, IC, and DoD Programs and platforms, related enabling technologies, systems integration, communications, software development
* This leader should be a builder and someone who is adaptive and who can lead new and innovative approaches to market
* Candidate must be willing to travel up to 40%
* Candidate must be willing to spend significant time in secure environments
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or a related technical field
* Experience with the deployment and integration of sophisticated hardware and software systems
* Strong connections within relevant NRO and other key IC program offices and government customer accounts in addition to experience working with classified and/or special access programs
* Demonstrated success in leading, scaling or transitioning programs
* Proven experience leading multi-disciplinary engineering teams to successful completion of projects
* Experience with Growth, Strategy, and Capture functions
* Experience shepherding programs through all phases of acquisition

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
