---
title: Electrical Maintenance Technician
status: active
id: '5133778007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5133778007?gh_jid=5133778007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T20:05:43-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T03:59:39-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Maintenance Technicians'
offices:
- Alexandria, Australia (SYD-11)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**Electrical Maintenance Technician**  
  
Anduril Australia is seeking team members to diagnose, inspect, repair, refurbish, and test Autonomous Underwater Vessels (AUVs, Robot Submarines!), continuously improving system reliability performance. This role blends electrical expertise, mechanical aptitude, and software experience to ensure our innovative systems operate flawlessly and maintain mission readiness.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Perform routine inspection, repair, overhaul, and upgrade of AUV electrical systems, hardware components, and integrated software.
* Diagnose and troubleshoot electrical, hardware, and software issues, conducting component and subsystem-level tests and collaborating with engineers and other trades as needed.
* Operate the Maintenance Management System (MMS), ensuring accurate records of maintenance activities, replacement parts, firmware updates.
* Execute system-level functional check-outs at the conclusion of maintenance activities to validate electrical, hardware, and software integration.
* Perform sea trials and operational testing of AUVs leaving factory or maintenance environments to ensure full system functionality.
* Support the development, review, and trial of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and technical documentation for operations involving electrical, hardware, and software systems.
* Assist in preparing risk assessments for electrical, hardware, and software maintenance and test operations, implementing mitigations as required.
* Provide feedback to design and manufacturing teams for improvements to electrical, hardware, and software subsystems.
* Be available for deployment to the field for emergency maintenance or repairs, including troubleshooting software or firmware issues in challenging operational conditions.
* Support customer representatives in building confidence and skills necessary for maintaining and operating AUVs.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS & ATTRIBUTES

* 5+ years’ experience in electrical system maintenance with exposure to hardware and integrated software systems.
* Strong technical aptitude, including hands-on experience in diagnosing and resolving software, hardware, and electrical issues.
* Vocational training in electrical trades or an associate degree ideal.
* Trade background in Maritime, Aviation, or another high-tech industry.
* Familiarity with technical documentation (wiring diagrams, equipment schematics, software configuration).
* Experience performing component, subsystem and system level test and diagnosing/escalating issues.
* Exposure to Maintenance Management Systems, including tracking and documentation of repairs and configuration.
* Familiarity with electromechanical systems (e.g., motors, actuators, battery systems) and their control systems.
* Excellent problem-solving skills with the ability to address electrical, hardware, and software challenges.
* Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with an ability to document and share findings clearly with multidisciplinary teams.
* A genuine commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture.
* Ability to obtain and maintain an NV2 Security Clearance.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
