---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer, Video '
status: active
id: '5133360007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5133360007?gh_jid=5133360007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T14:16:19-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T14:16:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform : Video'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
The TRS team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from paper sketches to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**The role of our video pipeline engineers is to develop real-time and asynchronous video feeds from remote deployments to web, virtual reality clients, computer vision front-end and back-end pipelines. Video pipeline engineers help design the ISR payloads for drones and the camera systems used in our other existing and future products. They also have some computer vision overlap with e.g. object detection. ***Prior experience with relevant video technologies is required for this role.***  
  
**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Embedded software experience with C++/Rust
* BS degree in an engineering discipline
* General understanding of camera hardware and video formats
* Solid understanding of writing reliable, multi-threaded software
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret Security Clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**  
The following (below) is preferred, but elements can be learned on the job as needed:

* Embedded Linux software development experience. NixOS experience a plus.
* Tools: vl42, ffmpeg, WebRTC, OpenCV, Python
* Formats: MP4, MPEG-TS, MISB KLV standards, H264 format, WebRTC/RTP
* Image formats: Demosaicing raw images, Color space conversions, pixel formats
* Linux platform: V4L2 camera API, VA-API, ffmpeg, gstreamer, OpenGL
* Nvidia Jetson platform: Tegra video encoding/decoding, V4L2 extensions, EGL
* Advanced camera controls: XU extension unit interface, region of interest (ROI), analog versus digital gain
* Experience integrating cameras into computer vision pipelines
* Image processing experience with: Denoising, contrast enhancement, super-resolution, auto-focus, auto-exposure, auto-white-balance
* MIPI camera bringup (Linux kernel drivers)

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
