---
title: Maintenance Lead
status: active
id: '5133859007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5133859007?gh_jid=5133859007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T10:43:47-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Maintenance Lead to join our team to support Anduril Composites branch in North Carolina. This Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge composite parts and assemblies for numerous business lines across Anduril. This role centralizes a single point of contact for maintenance and upkeep of existing production equipment (industrial ovens, autoclaves, paint booths, dust collection booths, etc).   
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate experience in understanding of common equipment system architecture (electrical and mechanical) as well as having experience in organization and planning skills. This person will be able to showcase strong cross department collaboration skills, which will be used to schedule maintenance activities without affecting facility wide production schedules.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Act as the single point of contact for the maintenance operations on multiple production equipment, across multiple production lines
* Coordinate and manage the day-to-day operations of the equipment maintenance program, which entails:

+ Scheduling Preventative Maintenance (PM) on existing production equipment
+ Working with Maintenance Technicians to ensure scheduled PM can be completed
+ Working with the overall manufacturing team to ensure the PM does not affect production
+ Ensure the digital Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS) is up to date and accurate

* Identify areas for improvement in the production equipment in its operation, maintenance, and overall use
* Coordinate with and manage external vendors (contractors) to facilitate work within our facility
* Conduct regularly scheduled audits against the PM program (schedule, planning, records, etc)
* Coordination and triage of unscheduled PM with Maintenance Technicians and affected production teams

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Full-time on site in Anduril’s Morrisville, NC facility
* Foundational understanding of electrical and mechanical systems found in industrial manufacturing equipment
* Proficiency within digital environments (CMMS, Microsoft Office, Slack, etc)
* Strong written and verbal communication skills
* Ability to work hands-on in a manufacturing environment, next to operations and manufacturing engineering to understand and maintain the desired production system
* Experience in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing demands and requirements
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working within a AS9100/NADCAP accredited manufacturing facility
* 2+ years of experience working in a similar role within a manufacturing facility
* Experience with working with external contractors
* Process improvement justification to educate decision makers on potential opportunities

US Salary Range

$30.50—$40.50 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
