---
title: Security Software Engineer
status: active
id: '5134986007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5134986007?gh_jid=5134986007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T12:17:14-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Information Security : Product Security'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We are looking for a Security Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing team! This role is focused on developing cybersecurity software for embedded devices, securely extending and improving cryptographic capabilities for key stakeholders. We hire self-motivated people, those who hold a higher bar for themselves than anyone else could hold for them. If you are eager to solve tough problems, then this role might be for you!

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Support development of secure cryptographic software for embedded systems.
* Write and maintain resilient code for resource-constrained, bare-metal environments.
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality.
* Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring.
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps.
* Work on real, meaningful projects and learn from experienced professionals along the way.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Must be pursuing or have completed a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field.
* 3 months – 2 years of technical work experience (including internships, research, or personal projects) and able to start full time in 2026.
* Proficiency in Rust, C/C++, or Go.
* Foundational understanding of cybersecurity principles.
* Familiarity with embedded systems concepts.
* A desire to work on security software that has real-world impact.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities; U.S. clearance eligibility is required.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Coursework, projects, or experience involving cryptography, embedded devices, or hardware security modules (HSMs) / secure elements.
* Experience with CI/CD and test automation, particularly for embedded devices.
* Skilled at recognizing and reasoning about unusual cybersecurity problems, even in unfamiliar domains.
* Have a bias for action. If you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it.
* Be naturally curious about the technologies and tools you use.
* Low-ego, high ownership, and mission oriented.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
