---
title: Deputy Head of Production, Roadrunner
status: active
id: '5134458007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5134458007?gh_jid=5134458007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T13:51:39-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T15:08:23-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyperscale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.  
  
**ABOUT THE PRODUCT**  
  
The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[**Roadrunner**](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner) product is at its leading edge. Roadrunner is a cutting-edge VTOL (Vertical Take-Off and Landing) counter-UAS interceptor, designed for autonomous air defense operations. It rapidly detects, tracks, and neutralizes hostile unmanned aircraft systems to protect critical assets and personnel.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Roadrunner Team (RLT) will set the standard for building the future at[**Arsenal-1**](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1)**,** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.  
  
**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
  
As the Roadrunner Deputy Head of Production, you will play a pivotal role in shaping the future of defense manufacturing by directly influencing the production of Anduril’s Roadrunner product line. You will own the short-to-mid-term strategic development and execution of manufacturing operations, driving products to full-rate production. This role requires a dynamic leader who can serve as both a strategic architect and a hands-on executor, leading cross-functional teams to meet aggressive timelines and deliver products of the highest quality for our customers. You will contribute significantly to Anduril's vision of becoming a next-generation aerospace and defense manufacturer.  
  
**What You'll Do:**

* **Production Ownership & Strategy:** Own all production outcomes for the Roadrunner product line, including ramp plans, headcount, and the standing up of new manufacturing lines. Develop and execute a long-term strategy to rapidly scale production volumes to full-rate production.
* **Leadership & Team Management:** Serve as a strategic leader and tactical do-er, driving all people and resources across production to achieve outcomes. Lead cross-functional teams (including Production, Supply Chain, Quality, and Manufacturing Engineering) through strong leadership, advocacy, and a consistent on-site presence, holding them accountable to meeting demands, deadlines, and goals.
* **Operational Excellence:** Drive processes and systems needed throughout the product development lifecycle to mature products to full-rate production. Establish and manage the team to key performance indicators (KPIs) for financial, quality, and on-time delivery to optimize manufacturing operations' impact on the business.
* **Quality & Compliance:** Be accountable to AS9100D guidelines and drive a "quality-first" culture across all manufacturing operations.
* **Process & Technology Advancement:** Advise on development and oversee the implementation of digital technologies, from PLM and ERP to our custom MES and QMS systems, that enable our production operations to efficiently scale while meeting customer requirements. Shape corporate tools and processes to support the unique needs of aerospace production.

**Required Qualifications:**

* 8+ years of proven experience overseeing the production and test of complex electromechanical products.
* Strong leadership experience managing large (100+ person) manufacturing teams and directing large cross-functional teams across planning, supply chain, manufacturing engineering, quality, and production to deliver products of the highest quality.
* A strong background in quality assurance, with a track record of driving a "quality-first" culture in a production environment and accountability to standards like AS9100D.
* Past success operating in both low-rate prototype and high-rate manufacturing environments, with a proven ability to scale production.
* High ownership and the ability to effectively manage multiple large projects and priorities in parallel, at a rapid pace, and report out on progress regularly.
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Ability to work onsite five days a week at our Asheville, OH campus (Arsenal 1).

**Preferred Qualifications:**

* Success scaling production operations in a high-complexity manufacturing environment.
* Deep experience with the niche supply chains for aerospace and robotics.
* Demonstrated experience implementing and leveraging digital manufacturing technologies (PLM, ERP, MES, QMS) to drive efficiency and scale.

US Salary Range

$190,000—$252,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
