---
title: '(Pipeline) Electrical Engineer, Manufacturing Test (Active Clearance) (Sentry) '
status: active
id: '5134842007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5134842007?gh_jid=5134842007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:46:26-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T18:05:55-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Engineering Services'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As an Electrical Engineer in the Manufacturing organization you will design and build complex systems and PCBA platforms to test our products. Data acquisition and physical layer interfaces using FPGA, MCU, and off-the-shelf equipment will enable testing our systems to stringent standards ensuring that we are consistently shipping the highest quality products to our customers. You will work in a multi-disciplinary design team, managing requirements, capturing custom circuits, and designing complex assemblies and harnesses. You will work with firmware engineers to enable board support packages for embedded Linux, and bring up MCU RTOS platforms. In this role you’ll need to think creatively and come up with solutions to solve difficult testing problems and push to continuously improve our methods of automation, throughput, user interfaces, and data analytics.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build things that test things. Design Circuits and Schematics that will be built into test automation platforms.
* Integrate your designs into Anduril’s PDM systems. You will follow the same process for component design and release that our product design teams use.
* Design and source PCB Assemblies with varying complexity - from FPGA based data acquisition boards, to MCU platform data interfaces, breakout boards, wiring harnesses, or peripheral modules.
* Architect and source circuit board test fixtures, integrating your designs with internally developed and off-the-shelf data acquisition equipment.
* Build internal library for test circuit for data acquisition, leverage your expertise for DFM / DFT.
* Debug, and Characterize circuits, low speed interfaces (I2C, SPI, CAN, etc.) and high speed signals (RF, memory, USB).

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer Engineering, or related fields.
* 5+ years of relevant industry experience with emphasis on product designs that have gone to manufacturing.
* Experience with Professional Electronics Design packages (Altium, Cadence, PADs, etc.) for schematic capture and layout.
* Experience in PCBA Design. Ability to design and fabricate your own designs, or guide contract manufacturing resources.
* Strong familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, spectrum analyzers, data acquisition and measurement sensors.
* Familiar with Product Life Cycle (PLM) systems and releasing designs for production.
* Experience with scripting tools Python for configuration and automation of setup tasks
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of relevant industry experience.
* Familiarity with FPGA PCBA platforms - RTL, design synthesis, and bare-metal coding.
* Master’s of Science in Electrical/Electronics Engineering or related field.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
