---
title: Senior Thermal Analyst
status: active
id: '5134320007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5134320007?gh_jid=5134320007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T14:05:28-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Structural and Thermal Analysis'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Analysis team is responsible for ensuring that emerging products are ready for the harsh conditions of air, land, sea, and space environments. Our team supports multi-disciplinary product teams across the full life cycle to design, develop, and validate new and existing products. This includes requirements analysis, environmental and electromagnetic interference testing, reliability testing, and manufacturing sustainment efforts. The Test and Analysis team achieves these objectives through consistently striving to understand primary design drivers through analytical modeling, including specialized structural-thermal-optical performance (STOP) analysis, along with strategic engineering validation and qualification test campaigns. This fused approach ultimately enables us to identify opportunities for product robustness and quickly implement solutions to ensure critical capabilities efficiently make it into the hands of our military and its allies.

We are looking for a **Senior** **Thermal Analyst** to join our rapidly growing team in **Lexington, MA.** In this role, you will be responsible for performing thermal analysis and taking ownership of thermal design aspects across hardware development programs. You will execute first order assessment of designs to guide preliminary design architecture, develop detailed analytical models to mature prototype designs and develop predictions to support hardware testing.  If you are someone who is excited to work on new projects from conceptualization through production and are passionate about developing validated and correlated models to support the rapid prototyping of cutting edge systems.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Execute hand calculations, spreadsheet, and MATLAB/Python first-order models to inform path forward before jumping into detailed analysis. Use first principles as a basis for every decision and discern the right level of analysis to apply based on state of hardware design and program goals
* Develop appropriate CFD models and simulations to predict temperatures, heat transfer, and fluid characteristics as needed to meet design schedules. Generate, maintain, and correlate integrated FEMs for imaging platforms.
* Experience with EO/IR sensors and familiarity with structural, thermal, optical performance (STOP) analysis
* Perform test-model correlation testing to validate analytical predictions
* Work closely with environmental test engineers to support the design, instrumentation selection, execution, and data processing of tests to validate models and predictions, including fundamental
* Prepare technical reports to present findings to internal teams, management, and external customers
* Stay current with advancements in thermal analysis techniques, materials technology, and industry standards

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Currently pursuing or have obtained a MS or higher degree in engineering or applied physics with focus on heat transfer and fluid dynamics
* 7+ years of experience in a thermal analysis or thermo-physics analysis role
* Thermal FEA experience – STAR-CCM+, ANSYS, Icepak, or Flotherm
* Familiarity with Matlab or Python (or equivalent) for developing analytical models and performing data acquisition & post-processing
* Experience with performing test-model correlation and test based characterization of critical modelling input parameters
* Good at working independently and with various teams and key stakeholders
* Highly motivated, self-starting, results oriented, and capable of working in a dynamic environment
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* General knowledge of climatic and/or dynamic testing including understanding of various instrumentation and data acquisition fundamentals
* Knowledge on how to run and operate chambers, DAQs, and other major test apparatus
* CAD skills (any platform) and ability to make high quality engineering drawings that meet common industry standards
* Experience in an immersive interdisciplinary technical project (collegiate project teams or professional settings)
* Basic knowledge of MIL-STD-810 or equivalent

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
