---
title: 'Project Manager, Manufacturing Engineering (Intelligence Systems) '
status: active
id: '5135311007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5135311007?gh_jid=5135311007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T09:21:16-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM:**   
We are looking for a proactive, detail-oriented Project Manager to join our Manufacturing Engineering team. The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, and flight vehicles. You will coordinate deployment and communication of new tools, processes, and capabilities across the department. You’ll be the glue that connects the product aligned teams to the automation team within manufacturing engineering. If you thrive in fast-paced, technical environments and excel at juggling multiple responsibilities, we want to hear from you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

**Project Coordination**

* Monitor project tasks, assign responsibilities, and track progress to ensure completion
* Identify and address issues, analyze risks, and coordinate to help the project stay on course
* Generate detailed Gantt chart schedules to ensure cross-functional alignment and on time delivery of Manufacturing Engineering deliverables
* Proactively identify potential schedule risks (e.g., supply chain delays for hardware, technical hurdles, resource conflicts, external dependencies)
* Ensure that the right people (engineers, specialists), equipment, and facilities are available *when needed* according to the schedule

**Communication**

* Facilitate communication among manufacturing engineering, automation, test, and design teams and stakeholders
* Manage and organize department communication channels, document storage and information share (SharePoint, Confluence, Box, Slack)
* Develop standardized documentation templates
* Develop presentation frameworks for department-wide meetings and executive reviews
* Distill meeting notes into actionable items, ensuring our teams remain honest and accountable

**Engagement and Support**

* Develop and execute strategies to engage manufacturing engineers across all Anduril sites
* Manage department-wide calendar and support meetings for department leadership as needed
* Coordinate events for professional development and employee appreciation for the department

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum 1-2 years professional experience as a manufacturing/industrial/process engineer or technical project manager
* Experience in a manufacturing environment, with a focus on production ramp, process improvement, or data analysis.
* Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate cross-functionally
* A reliable self-starter, highly organized, resourceful, with attention to detail
* A team player who is highly collaborative with the ability to handle complex projects
* Strong analytical aptitude and can intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and data-models
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or a related technical field.
* Knowledge and/or experience of Confluence/JIRA, SharePoint and Airtable are a plus
* Experience working in a manufacturing environment

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
