---
title: 2027 Early Career Manufacturing Engineer
status: active
id: '5136970007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5136970007?gh_jid=5136970007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-13T14:47:56-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States; Boston, Massachusetts, United States; Costa
  Mesa, California, United States; Irvine, California, United States; Seattle, Washington,
  United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
- Boston, MA
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

While this exact role may not be open today, we are always looking ahead and want to connect with talented people like you for future opportunities. We will begin reviewing applications in **August 2026 for positions starting in 2027**. We highly encourage you to apply early to get a head start! By submitting your application today, you'll be on our radar, and an Anduril recruiter will reach out to you directly as soon as a matching role opens up.

The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, and flight vehicles. This responsibility includes everything in the manufacturing value-chain, including, but not limited to, Design for Manufacturability work, tool design & selection, process creation & optimization, vendor sourcing & interaction, quality planning, and work documentation associated with the hardware that the Manufacturing Engineer owns.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Independently perform trade studies, designs, and generate solutions for approval
* Execute the procurement of hardware as necessary to implement solutions
* Test, verify, and demonstrate the effectiveness of your solutions
* Own a portion of the manufacturing value chain for a certain product or set of products
* Work with technicians and other engineers hands-on, building prototype hardware
* Develop novel tooling solutions for fabrication and assembly of Anduril Products
* Develop process flows, breaking down large, complex assemblies into sub-parts and processes and building out their production lines.
* Write documentation required for successfully manufacturing their hardware at scale, such as work instructions, quality plans, inspection requirements, etc.
* Contribute to end-customer hardware mechanical or electrical design, including interconnects, board fabrication and inspection, etc

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Must be pursuing or have recently completed a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a related field.
* Able to start full time in 2027.
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and desire to learn
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access Controlled Unclassified Information.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Internships or school related experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing related
* PCBA fabrication experience including prior work with or setup/modification/monitoring SMT processes
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.) including work on personal or extracurricular projects.
* Software scripting experience in any language
* Familiarity with CAD software, Manufacturing Execution systems, and ERP/MRP system

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
