---
title: Manager, Security Software Engineering
status: active
id: '5136167007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5136167007?gh_jid=5136167007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T19:44:52-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Information Security : Product Security'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Manager of Software Security Engineering, you will be responsible for leading and managing a software security engineering team responsible for delivering reusable, foundational security components in Anduril’s products. The ideal candidate has a background in firmware or software engineering, with a focus on platform security. They will be able to implement critical security tooling in collaboration with other engineering teams to build resiliency into our products.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead and grow a team of software engineers within the Product Security org to develop and mature the security tooling roadmap
* Set technical direction and roadmaps for architecture, design, and implementation of security features that span all Anduril products.
* Collaborate and build solutions with engineering and security teams to meet and exceed industry-standard security goals
* Balance long-term platform investments with fast high leverage projects
* Ensure reliable delivery of complex software projects
* Establish engineering standards for code quality, testing, and operational excellence within the team
* Manage career development, hiring, and performance for team members

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Possesses both strategic vision and technical depth, maintaining active involvement in security architecture and implementation
* Proficient with one or more programming languages (e.g. C/C++, Golang, Rust, Python)
* Regularly builds, tests, and delivers production-ready internal tools, platforms, or infrastructure
* Experience working with embedded and/or Linux systems
* Demonstrated ability to work cross functionally: gathering requirements from non-engineering stakeholders, translating business needs into technical plans, and driving execution
* Strong and professional communication skills (written and verbal)
* Demonstrated commitment to practical, mission-enabling security solutions
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience building endpoint detection and response solutions
* Experience building factory automation for secure key handling/provisioning
* Experience with programmable logic devices and their development tools
* Background in product or platform security.
* Exposure to compliance frameworks and automating them.
* Track record of building and retaining high-performing engineering teams

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
