---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5136534007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5136534007?gh_jid=5136534007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-13T09:31:26-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Software - Intelligence Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are looking for multiple Software Engineers to join our rapidly growing team in Reston, Virginia. In this role, you will take cutting-edge designs from our engineering team and own the end-to-end functional testing effort.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Conduct comprehensive functional testing and validation of advanced networking devices and systems.
* Design and implement critical test cases and strategies for high-impact, rapidly evolving technology programs.
* Create comprehensive validation plans, ensuring precise traceability from design requirements to specific test procedures, clear pass/fail criteria, and relevant industry standards.
* Develop custom software and/or firmware utilities, scripts, and automation frameworks to effectively exercise and validate designs under test.
* Lead rigorous root cause analysis for identified test failures, collaborating closely with engineering teams to diagnose issues, propose solutions, and drive the implementation of effective corrective actions.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Demonstrated proficiency in Python programming
* Comprehensive understanding of standard software testing principles and methodologies
* Strong understanding of core networking principles and basic IP networking protocols
* Proficiency in using network analysis tools, such as Wireshark.
* Proven ability to interpret complex requirements and translate them into robust, effective test cases and strategies.
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active secret security clearance (at a minimum)

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience performing Hardware-In-The-Loop (HITL) testing of networking devices.
* Experience working with embedded systems or devices.
* Experience testing designs for high-volume production.
* Experience with test automation frameworks and instrument control.
* Experience validating designs intended for harsh or deployed environments (ruggedized, airborne, or space).

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
