---
title: Product Operations Manager, Ghost
status: active
id: '5136419007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5136419007?gh_jid=5136419007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T16:54:30-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T14:40:44-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Product Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. Within TRS, the Ghost Product Operations team owns the readiness, reliability, and sustainment of Ghost across every fielded deployment, working at the intersection of engineering, customer operations, and mission delivery.

## ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Product Operations Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. Ghost is Anduril's mid-sized UAS platform, an expeditionary and modular system that delivers autonomy at the tactical edge. In this role, you will lead the Ghost Product Operations function: improving field failure discovery, mitigation, and resolution; conducting root cause analysis; deploying fixes; and managing incidents across the Ghost fleet. You will set the bar for the team, mentor operators, and shape the processes by which Ghost is sustained. This will require hands-on expertise in debugging complex electromechanical systems and a strong problem-solving mindset at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. If you are passionate about cutting-edge technology, advancing national security, and delivering best-in-class operational support, Anduril invites you to join the team.

## What You'll Do

* Lead Anduril's Ghost Product Operations team, combining an understanding of our customers' missions with deep familiarity of our products and delivered capabilities
* Lead a team tasked with triaging, diagnosing, root causing, and managing product incidents, driving postmortem actions including providing status visibility to internal and external stakeholders through resolution
* Partner with engineering teams to abstract individual incidents into systemic reliability improvements. This includes employing a team for telemetry review and diagnostics support, and coaching the use of Linux and command line tools for system management and issue containment
* Consistently assess and seek to improve the quality of the fleet's observability and health telemetry in partnership with multiple functions across the Ghost team
* Collect, organize, and analyze system failure data to define trends, drive proactive sustainment processes, and support resource allocation decisions
* Support Anduril's global customers through proactive communications and detail-oriented execution. Track and manage customer-facing incidents and concerns, ensuring timely response, mitigation, and clear communication of resolution
* Evaluate and improve product capabilities by analyzing customer communication and feedback for capability requirements, product performance indicators, and desired functionality
* Maintain awareness of current product specifications and bridge the gap in understanding between technical and non-technical stakeholders
* Communicate and coordinate technical and non-technical efforts across multiple business, engineering, and sustainment functions, influencing decision making and driving action to maximize capability availability for end users
* Guide and mentor a team, setting goals, providing direction, and iterating on process and standards to achieve scalable sustainment operations
* Travel as required to support customer needs and operations

## Required Qualifications

* BA/BS or equivalent practical experience, with 6+ years in hardware product operations, sustainment, or related technical operations roles
* Demonstrated experience as a self-starter, able to find and resolve issues on your own
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in operational environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the depth and breadth of a technical system
* Confident with navigating ambiguity and crafting new ways of doing things
* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills
* Experience guiding and mentoring a team, setting goals, providing direction, and iterating on process and standards
* This position is based in Costa Mesa, CA and requires being onsite. Remote work is not considered
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret Security clearance; holding clearances or background investigations in the past is a plus

## Preferred Qualifications

* Experience supporting and/or deploying UAS as a DoD contractor or DoD end user, especially Group 2/3 systems
* Experience supporting and/or performing incident-driven workflows requiring analysis, triage, prioritization, and reporting
* Experience in on-call support operations and working in limited risk tolerance environments
* Experience defining, implementing, and supervising sustainment and reliability processes for a defense-focused service or product
* Experience leveraging data analytics to conduct trend analysis and inform business decisions
* Familiarity with Linux/CLI for fleet diagnostics, SQL for trend analysis, and Foundry (or comparable data platform)
* Bash/Zsh proficiency for system management and issue containment
* Experience with observability tooling such as Grafana and exposure to software development tooling such as Git and Jira
* Military, DoD, or other Government agency experience preferred
* Project management and/or consulting experience preferred
* Defense and/or STEM background

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
