---
title: Senior Aviation Maintenance Engineer - Advanced Effects
status: active
id: '5136284007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5136284007?gh_jid=5136284007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T12:22:27-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position will be filled by a highly motivated Airframe and Power Plant Mechanic with a passion for developmental flight test of a new and revolutionary products contributing valued mechanical expertise in all fields of aircraft and missile systems maintenance. You will work heavily with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments to help build a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. The role will be responsible for aircraft mechanical assessment, maintenance coordination, flight execution, and reporting on all facets of flying systems readiness to the test program.  
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Assist with many aspects of aircraft fabrication, assembly, and operation including structural fabrication, mechanical integration (flight control surfaces, propulsion, etc.), composites fabrication, and avionics build/integration/test.
* Troubleshoot, repair, and maintain aircraft and subsystems including landing gear, fuel system, flight control, and propulsion.
* Perform common airframe construction techniques such as utilizing rivets, mechanical fasteners, nut plates, etc.
* Complete aircraft and equipment documentation (maintenance manuals, Check list, Flight logs etc.)
* Troubleshoot, repair, and maintain site support equipment.
* Communicate mechanical assessment with engineering and production.
* Perform validation and testing of various electronic components using equipment such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, network analyzers, and test racks.
* Perform proper FOD and tool control practices.
* Lift and move heavy objects up to 50 lbs.
* Operate fork lifts and pallet jacks.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Valid A&P license.
* 5 years or more of airframe and power plant experience.
* 3 years or more of missile or rocket system development experience.
* Must have strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills.
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications).
* Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to rapidly change roles/responsibilities while working in a fast paced, challenging work environment.
* Willing to be multi-capable. Which shall include some electronics troubleshooting and repair.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
* Ability to travel as required for test planning and execution.
* Able to work extended hours as required.
* Ability to stand and walk for long periods.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance.

US Hourly Range

$47—$62 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
