---
title: Training Lead
status: active
id: '5137457007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5137457007?gh_jid=5137457007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T20:16:10-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Training'
offices:
- Sydney, Australia (IT1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Australia is seeking a Training Lead to design, develop, and implement effective training programs for our Maritime products (including Autonomous Underwater Vehicles) and associated equipment. The ideal candidate will have deep experience in Tactical Weapons Systems across multiple platforms and domains, with an in-depth knowledge of tactical and technical systems. Either a proven history as a Principal Warfare Officer (Advanced) Instructor or Weapons Tactics Instructor, capable of creating timely and innovative learning programs, to meet the needs of specific skillsets of learners and align with organizational goals. This position requires a self-motivated leader who can work closely with subject matter experts to understand and deliver on the training needs of the platform whilst innovating and leading a team in a fast-paced engineering development environment. The successful candidate will be passionate about learning and development, adaptable to changing needs, and committed to delivering high-quality training solutions for Anduril’s customers.

## WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Capable of creating timely and innovative learning programs, to meet the needs of specific skillsets of learners and align with organizational goals
* Experienced in generating training products from technical and engineering data sets that enable warfighter training from multiple proficiency levels
* Assist the Product Lifecycle Lead to shape the training function (build the system) to integrate with customer Fundamental Inputs to Capability
* Recruit and manage a team of skilled educators and trainers as required to support the development of skills and attainment of qualifications in Operating and Maintaining Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) and other Maritime products
* Lead the Training Development team in the designing and developing of learning outcomes and training curricula, with consideration of e-learning modules, instructor-led courses, simulations, practical hands-on and/or blended learning programs
* Assist in the development and maintenance of a modern and adaptable product lifecycle support system
* Identify, scope and deliver simulated and physical training environments to solidify the development of learning outcomes
* Continually collaborate with subject matter experts to ensure ongoing accuracy and relevance of training content
* Continually evaluate the effectiveness of training programs and make necessary improvements
* Develop and maintain a content library of training materials
* Manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines
* Provide support to trainers and facilitators in delivering training programs

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS & ATTRIBUTES

* Applicable training qualifications in Instructional Design, Education, or related field
* At least 10 years of maritime domain experience including technical training and curriculum development
* Strong knowledge of adult learning principles and instructional design models
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Ability to translate complex information into easy-to-understand learning materials
* Strong project management and organizational skills
* Creativity and innovation in developing engaging learning experiences
* Experience with Learning Management Systems (LMS)
* Ability to obtain and maintain a NV2 Security Clearance

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Knowledge of Maritime Systems, including propulsion, electrical, and auxiliary systems - experience with subsea/ocean engineering operational procedures and equipment (including AUV launch and recovery systems)
* Proficiency in e-learning authoring tools (e.g., Moodle, Aquilla)

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
