---
title: Composites Development Tooling Engineer
status: active
id: '5137241007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5137241007?gh_jid=5137241007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-13T21:23:04-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Mechanical Engineering : Design Support'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril’s Hardware Platform division is responsible for developing niche core technology, and quick turn prototypes to inform development paths at the concept stage. We work with all the Anduril product lines by providing design, analysis, testing, and manufacturing solutions on an ad-hoc basis with a focus on taking ideas from the computer screen to making real world hardware. On the Tooling team, you'll be in a dynamic position working alongside engineers and technicians to solve issues in real time to get help get products out into the field.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Wrangle requirements from teammates and internal customers to inform tool design
* Develop scrappy reliable tool designs under tight timelines to create prototypes
* Work internally and externally with manufacturing shops to procure tools
* Be the responsible engineer for ensuring tooling meets requirements and is commissioned successfully
* Document lessons learned to setup production teams for high rate tooling campaigns

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in mechanical, materials engineering or other engineering discipline; OR 7+ years of professional engineering experience in lieu of a degree
* 3+ years of professional experience in direct hands-on mechanical/composite part or tool design
* Basic understanding of manufacturing methods including machining, welding, injection molding, and or composites parts/assembly fabrication
* Proficient in the use of CAD to create 3D models and drawings
* Willingness to travel to Anduril product sites to support designs as necessary (~5-10% travel)
* Be eligible to obtain and hold a security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong to expert level 3D CAD skills with experience in surfacing and large assemblies using Siemens NX
* Experience releasing parts and assemblies in Teamcenter PLM suite
* Ability to create drawings, read and understand GD&T per ASME Y14.5
* Capable of performing stack up analyses
* Hands on experience with mechanical assembly, CNC machining, welding, or composite layup
* Experience using Fibersim for composite layup or creating laser projection files
* Experience designing ground support equipment for commercial, automotive, or aerospace applications.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
