---
title: 'Machinist '
status: active
id: '5137892007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5137892007?gh_jid=5137892007
lastmod: '2026-06-16T12:18:06-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T14:01:24-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (3100 Harbor)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Founded in 2018 by a group of experts in the AUV industry, Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from “large” to “extra-large” vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts for the US Navy and DARPA while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) commercial surveys. Anduril is a well-funded, venture-backed team with over 100-years of combined AUV experience from organizations such as Liquid Robotics, Teledyne, Bluefin Robotics, Oceaneering, the US Navy, and more.  
  
As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.  
  
We are seeking an Machinist/Fabricator to join Anduril, working in a cutting-edge production environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in subsea robotics. You will play a key role in delivering our AUVs to our customers by working hands-on with our engineering team on a multi-disciplinary workflow to deliver world class AUVs. This role will include fabricating high-quality parts from a cutting edge machine shop as well as building assemblies to support the production floor, as needed and building tooling/fixtures to support development and prototyping efforts.   
  
***ADD IF Q2Q ROLE:**  Please note: This role will be based in our Quincy, MA location until Q4 of 2025. Following this period, the successful candidate will be expected to work out of our new Quonset, RI facility. Based on eligibility, relocation assistance may be available.*

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Reading and interpreting technical drawings and CAD models.
* Programming/set-up/operation of CNC multi-axis milling, laser-cutting, and forming machines.
* Design/spec out and implement various work holding and fixture methods.
* Ability to troubleshoot issues and make adjustments during the manufacturing process.
* Perform quality control both during and at completion of the manufacturing process.
* Help lead the organization, machine maintenance and cleanliness of the work area.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years experience as a machine setup/operator.
* Experience with CAD software like Solidworks or Siemens NX (Unigraphics)
* Experience with 3 axis milling machines and lathes.
* Experience with Trak controls.
* Experience assembling electro-mechanical assemblies
* High level of familiarity with various alloys, metals, plastics, etc.
* High level of tooling and fixture experience.
* Proficient in Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Can own the completion of an assigned manufacturing project from start to finish
* Ability to flex between R&D fabrication and production tasks
* Able and willing to jump in on production assembly integration tasks as needed
* Ability to lift up to 50 lbs unassisted
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with IPG and Amada controls
* Sheet metal fabrication experience (cutting, forming, welding)
* 3D printing experience (FDM/SLA)
* CMM/measurement arm experience (Hexagon, Faro)
* Experience using CAM software
* Experience with made-to-spec electro-mechanical assemblies

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
