---
title: Senior Software Engineer (Frontend), Space
status: active
id: '5138370007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5138370007?gh_jid=5138370007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T18:39:32-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested war-fighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Frontend Software Engineer on Space Ground Software, you will own the design, implementation, and deployment of mission-critical frontend software solutions that support customer missions for space operations, mission management, and autonomy. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will develop modular capabilities to support the DoD and IC customers across the space domain. This will involve building UX workflows on top of the Anduril Lattice software platform to include space domain specific operator displays, control interfaces, and mission planning. The Anduril orbital software capability development will involve integration with legacy systems that have been part of our nation’s critical defense for decades as well as new space systems being added to the cache of orbital and ground-based capabilities.  
  
*We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet* *complex challenges across the DOD and IC.*

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own the software solutions that are deployed to customers
* Own the development of frontend software capabilities to enable delivery of end to end mission systems
* Integrate with legacy systems to unlock 21st-century capabilities
* Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to different users more customers
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps
* Partner with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints
* Work in a mini-startup environment to create elegant SaaS or on-premise solutions that are better than what current market solutions can offer.
* Level up our team’s applications through quality code contribution.
* Have an area of deep expertise in a portion of the full stack (i.e. backend, frontend, integration).
* Work with a high-functioning team of developers with an emphasis on finishing business-critical projects

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight
* Clear communication and organizational skills including documentation and training material
* 5+ years of professional programming experience with relevant frontend Javascript frameworks
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Experience working with large enterprise applications and platforms with high availability requirements
* Experience with real-time user interfaces that use reactive programming libraries - RxJS or similar
* Proficiency with web-based technologies such as Javascript, React, Typescript
* Ability to empathize with end-users, to turn needs into features, and to balance user experience with engineering constraints
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply but our tech stack uses AWS, Typescript, and React so familiarity with all of these tools and languages would be useful
* Experience in hyper growth startup-like environments, with demonstrated successes in scaling and maturing software development processes, team culture and methods, and ability to balance short-term and long-term trade offs
* Experience with spacecraft software systems and spacecraft operations
* Experience with satellite mission autonomy to include fault isolation and recovery systems
* Experience with deployment tooling such as Kubernetes
* A desire to work on critical software in the space domain
* Experience with existing space software standards and modular software services development

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
