---
title: Associate Director, Army Mission Operations
status: active
id: '5138348007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5138348007?gh_jid=5138348007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T18:40:30-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T17:11:47-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Mission Command Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for time sensitive decisions, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.  
  
Our Mission Command business line empowers military leaders with advanced command-and-control capabilities by integrating real-time data and actionable insights. We enable agile decision-making and seamless coordination across units, ensuring effective and adaptive operations on the battlefield.  
  
**ABOUT THE ROLE**  
  
This strategic role owns senior leader engagement with Corps and Division Commanders for the Army’s Next Generation Command & Control (NGC2) program. You will drive the rapid fielding of NGC2 by influencing key stakeholders to ensure organizational readiness and proactively pressure the acquisition community. Success requires a high-integrity individual capable of objectively translating complex technical principles into compelling operational outcomes.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive NGC2 engagement from the top-down
* Prepare the battlespace for Army formations receiving NGC2. Validate or redefine Anduril delivery assumptions and ensure customer org structures support NGC2 as a priority
* Cultivate senior leader advocacy and institutional adoption of NGC2 across Army formations
* Create and operationalize a repeatable technology adoption model across Army formations. Evangelize lessons learned from previous customers with new customers early (dedicated formation level structure for change management, exercise schedule, etc)
* Develop mid-term (6-month) NGC2 product roadmaps based on operational leadership priorities. Identify priority applications, features, and integrations and populate product roadmap ahead of fielding or equipping
* Identify efficiencies and opportunities in NGC2 product integration across software, transport, and compute layers based on identified Warfighting needs
* Identify and facilitate first party Anduril product adoption within Army formations. Cultivate customer champions for NGC2
* Step in as senior Anduril leader for escalation or deescalation when executive leadership engagement is required

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 12-15+ years of experience working with or within the DoD and Intelligence Community
* Bachelor's degree or higher
* A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration, extreme ownership, and strong opinions with low ego
* Experience translating and decomposing highly technical concepts into operational requirements and performance specifications
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Strong executive communication and relationship-building skills across government and industry stakeholders
* Ability to work independently in austere environments with minimal direct supervision
* Must be willing to travel 50%+
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Graduate of Command and Staff or War College
* Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related STEM field
* Prior military command experience at Battalion or Brigade level.
* Experience as a technical program manager or delivery focused solutions architect

US Salary Range

$191,000—$239,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
