---
title: Senior Business Process Engineer
status: active
id: '5139065007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5139065007?gh_jid=5139065007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T13:56:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril’s Manufacturing Development team is seeking a Senior Business Process Engineer to grow and implement the Manufacturing Development Process (MDP) – a comprehensive framework that enables Manufacturing Engineering teams to pull production readiness forward in the product lifecycle and produce effectively at scale.  
  
The Manufacturing Development team defines the ‘What’, ‘When’, ‘Why’ and ‘How’ for manufacturing, from new product development (NPD) and new product introduction (NPI) to manufacturing operations. If you are excited to distill Anduril’s vision for manufacturing into actionable initiatives and deploy them across products, teams, and sites, then this role is for you.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

This role includes development, expansion, and rollout of the MDP across multiple product lines. You will be responsible for maturing the existing business process, identifying and closing process gaps with cross-functional stakeholders, and developing and deploying internal resources, templates, and tools to facilitate business process implementation by Manufacturing Engineering teams and integrate MDP into the Manufacturing Engineering way of working. The successful candidate will have a mix of both business and technical acumen, with a strong focus on the product lifecycle and concurrent engineering principles.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Introduce the MDP framework to a diverse set of stakeholders at all levels, from Individual Contributors to Vice Presidents. Socialize the business process and accompanying resources with cross-functional teams, including Manufacturing Engineering, Manufacturing Operations, Supply Chain, Program Management, Configuration Management, Quality, and more.
* Partner with MDP Project Managers leading product-aligned process implementation to understand pain points of teams, gaps in the business process, and opportunities for process improvement. Collaborate with them to update the existing business process, expand the business process to other teams, and pilot new solutions with their teams.
* Partner with MDP Metrics Lead to integrate process execution resources with data collection methods and visualization dashboards. Consolidate disparate data sources and deliverables into a seamless “one stop shop” for Manufacturing Engineering teams to avoid duplication of work and strategically deliver on multiple asks with a single solution.
* Communicate the importance of MDP and how it contributes to production success to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Identify and execute tailored communication strategies to match stakeholder interests. Balance standardization with flexibility to formalize MDP into a Standard Operating Procedure that remains customizable to individual product lines.
* Articulate manufacturing readiness to cross-functional audiences. Provide highly technical teams with the resources needed to synthesize and communicate manufacturing risk to non-technical audiences with decision-making authority. Leverage both engineering and production information to highlight risks and escalate them to leadership.
* Tailor MDP implementation across product lines based on product complexity, timeline severity, and cross-functional team dynamics. Create flexible implementation strategies to accommodate both commercial and federal contracts. Align MDP to both internal and external frameworks and standards, including DoW frameworks, Manufacturing Readiness Levels (MRLs), AS9100, AS6500, and more).
* Champion Manufacturing Engineering and Manufacturing Operations initiatives across teams and sites, from targeted pilot programs to enterprise-wide rollout. Foster adoption and make business processes and frameworks interpretable and actionable by creating tactical resources to implement them (templates, job guides, burndown checklists, process flowcharts, etc.)
* Build relationships and influence change across several organizations, functions, and programs. Collaborate closely with engineers, technicians, and program managers to deeply understand their pain points, needs, and workflows.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, manufacturing operations, design engineering, business process development, change management, project management, program management, or engineering transformation.
* 8+ years of experience overall in relevant domains.
* Understanding of the product lifecycle (design/development/production), as well as the purpose of each phase and its associated importance for manufacturing readiness.
* Strong business acumen together with knowledge of hardware engineering and manufacturing domains.
* Ability to collaborate and influence across all levels and disciplines (individual contributor to senior leadership, Program Management to Supply Chain to Design Engineering, etc.).
* Proven ability to balance the criticality of detail-oriented, strategic thinking with the importance of being scrappy to move fast.
* Process thinker with a business impact mindset. Demonstrated desire to learn new things without fear of jumping in.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience leading organizational change.
* Experience translating technical requirements into business needs.
* Experience successfully taking new products and/or production systems from development to full-scale production.
* Deep knowledge of co-design, engineering, and manufacturing phases of the product lifecycle.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
