---
title: Maritime Technical Operations Engineer
status: active
id: '5139926007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5139926007?gh_jid=5139926007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T09:52:11-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life. We are seeking our next **Maritime Technical Operations Engineer** to join Anduril, working in a cutting-edge start-up environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in subsea robotics.  
  
As part of the Field Operations - Maritime Technical Operations team at Anduril, your role will involve global deployment and support for Anduril’s multiple Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) platforms. You'll steer users through product deployment and problem-solving, counsel account managers on operational design for technical efficacy, and convey targeted suggestions for product improvement back to our engineering groups. Your scope will include standing up forward-deployed operations OCONUS in austere environments, ensuring the successful employment of Anduril products, and shaping the long-term sustainment of these products.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Deploy globally to support customer-fielded AUV operations.
* Operate as a product expert in hands-on and remote troubleshooting, mission planning, repair, operation, maintenance, and data collection (with support from engineering and operations when required), ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction.
* Master the intricacies of AUV operations and subsystems, and be able to educate others on these topics.
* Lead troubleshooting, repair, operation, and maintenance of AUVs in the field.
* Liaise between customers, engineering, and operations for issue resolution.
* Collaborate on training development for initial customer deliveries and follow-on specialized trainings.
* Gather and integrate customer feedback into user documentation and training materials.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience operating at-sea robotic systems, ideally in a customer support role.
* Quick learner, capable of adapting in a fast-paced environment.
* Extensive hands-on (field operations, manufacturing, or test) technical experience.
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured environments at the interface of hardware, software, and networking.
* Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution.
* Proficient with AUV maintenance, operations, troubleshooting, and repair.
* Comfortable with Linux, command line interfaces, and software debugging.
* Strong computer and documentation experience.
* Highly organized, detail-oriented, with strong communication and customer management skills.
* Ability to lift 50 lbs.
* Able to work extended hours as required.
* Willingness to travel and support customer-facing operations for rotations of 30-45+ days OCONUS.
* Ability to pass U.S. Coast Guard Medical Certificate.
* Ability to meet health and medical requirements in advance of deployments in accordance with DFARS 252.225-7040, DoDI 3020.41, and/or any additional requirements outlined by region or supporting force, as applicable.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret Security Clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, ocean engineering, related discipline, or comparable experience.
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience.
* Ability to deploy overseas and support in hazard zones.
* Skilled in deck operations using ship-based cranes, A-frames, or dedicated AUV launch/recovery systems.
* Knowledgeable in electronics troubleshooting and test equipment use.
* Experience in training and qualifying users or junior staff.
* Experience with software development.
* Expertise in integrating subsea acoustic sensors, navigation, and communication systems.
* Knowledge of offshore HSE policies and best practices.
* Cover letters highly preferred.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
