---
title: Contracts Manager
status: active
id: '5140649007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5140649007?gh_jid=5140649007
lastmod: '2026-07-10T12:14:06-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T12:12:03-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States; Huntsville, Alabama, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Legal : Legal'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Contracts Management team is a critical part of Anduril, responsible for interfacing daily with a motivated team of program leadership, functional leadership, and customers in fast-paced environments. Because Anduril is a fast-growing company at the early stages of growth, members of Anduril’s Contracts Management team are resourceful, creative, and eager to take ownership of complex matters. The Contracts Management team responsible for providing contract and subcontract support for various CPFF, FFP, T&M, IDIQ Government (FAR/DFARS) contracts and Other Transaction Agreements. Support of these contracts involve proposal development, contract negotiation, contract compliance, contract/task order management, contract modifications, and contract close-out. The team also supports Non-Disclosure Agreements, Teaming Agreements and issuing RFPs. The team works closely with the legal and proposal teams as well as across the Anduril business and engineering teams.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a a Contracts Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Atlanta, GA or Huntsville, AL. In this role, you will be responsible for contracts management across multiple types of Government and commercial contracts. You will perform contracting work related to your assigned Business Line. This will require knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and government contracting process. If you are someone who has a proven ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment then this role is for you.

Anduril is the world’s fastest-growing defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps the United States and its allies solve their hardest national security challenges by enabling operators to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have a real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Execute contract management throughout the life of each contract.
* Support preparation of proposals.
* Assist in identification, development and implementation of new contract policies and processes.
* Complete contract review and acceptance.
* Oversee and prepare contract proposal planning and management.
* Ensure compliance with government regulations, legal requirements, and company policies.
* Maintain an audit file for each contract to include the original contract, all correspondence, changes/deviations/modifications, amendments, clarifications, payment schedules, and deliverables.
* Provide contract summaries and ensure contract execution in accordance with government, company policies.
* Provide program managers and executives with contract briefs during the life of contracts.
* Manage the contract close-out process for all government and commercial contracts.
* Cultivate strong, ongoing relationships with internal/external customers.
* Provide contractual guidance and risk mitigation strategies for contractual and business obligations.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s Degree in business administration, government, or a related field.
* Experience with full life cycle contract management for CPFF, FFP, and T&M government and commercial contracts.
* A strong working knowledge of US Government contracting including FAR/ DFARS experience.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.
* You are highly respected amongst your peers and or/counterparts and known as someone who gets things done.
* Able to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Willing to work in Atlanta, GA or Huntsville, AL (not a remote position).

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* NCMA Certifications, including CPCM, CFCM, or CCCM.
* Graduate degree in business, government, or a related field.
* Current U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
