---
title: Staff Deputy Program Manager
status: active
id: '5140308007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5140308007?gh_jid=5140308007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T13:13:13-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : Bowser Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Staff Deputy Program Manager at Anduril, you will support the delivery of complex software and hardware products, ensuring alignment with client needs and company growth strategies. This role requires a unique blend of technical expertise, program management experience, operational finance and planning knowledge, and an understanding of the defense sector. You will collaborate closely with internal teams, external partners, and government stakeholders to deliver innovative solutions that meet the needs of our customers and partners.  
  
Above all, the deputy PM must embody a "Whatever It Takes" mindset—executing tasks expediently, scalable, and pragmatically while keeping the mission at the forefront. You must be able to take initiative proactively, manage multiple competing priorities at once, interface professionally with internal and external stakeholders, and work at an exceptionally rapid and demanding pace.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* **Stakeholder Management:**

+ Manage relationships with key customers, partners, and government agencies, ensuring alignment with contractual obligations and stakeholder expectations.
+ Prepare program updates, technical briefs, and performance reports for internal and external audiences.
+ Maintain status reports, track action items, and ensure critical items are getting done. Engagement with internal leadership team.

* **Program Management and Operations:**

+ Manage program roadmaps, timelines, and resources for successful delivery.
+ Balance priorities across multiple products and programs in a dynamic environment.

* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:**

+ Act as the deputy liaison between engineering, product management, finance and operations teams, as well as including external stakeholders and government entities.
+ Align cross-functional teams on goals, dependencies, and deliverables.
+ Foster effective communication and collaboration across distributed teams and locations.

* **Process Improvement:**

+ Implement and refine processes to enhance program execution and efficiency.
+ Adapt best practices in program management to the unique challenges of the defense sector.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.
* Minimum 10-12 years managing complex technical software programs or 7 years in consulting for aerospace and defense.
* Strong technical background with familiarity in systems engineering, software development, and hardware/software integration.
* Proficiency with Agile methodologies and supporting tools.
* Exceptional organizational, presentation, and communication skills.
* Willingness to travel as needed.
* Strong financial and operational analysis.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in startups or small organizations with multiple fast-moving, interdependent programs.
* Familiarity with a defense acquisition processes, compliance, and reporting requirements.
* Experience with developing and operating distributed systems, CI/CD pipelines, APIs, middleware, and modular system architectures.
* Proven ability to lead through influence and collaboration.
* Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, innovative environment.
* Knowledge of military systems and operational tactics.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
