---
title: Mission Operations Product Manager, Group 5 Mission Autonomy
status: active
id: '5141963007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5141963007?gh_jid=5141963007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T13:49:48-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Autonomy Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO** 

* Develop Mission Autonomy products that support the operation of Group 5 autonomous air vehicles.

* Drive product development for the entire lifecycle from initial requirements development to fielding.

* Define product roadmaps and timelines, guide cross-functional product decisions, and manage engineering risk.

* Working closely with engineering leads and business development, evaluate trades to enable exploration of early designs.

* Develop autonomy behavior and supporting product requirements. Collaborate with engineering teams to implement requirements.

* Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, hardware engineers, test engineers, and program managers, to define test requirements and ensure alignment between system capabilities and mission objectives in complex operational scenarios.

* Plan, execute, and analyze mission autonomy tests in simulated environments that replicate real-world scenarios to validate system performance and identify areas for improvement, iterating rapidly to refine autonomy behaviors and supporting products.

* Support business development teams by being the product voice at the table with customers through customer briefings/demonstrations/exercises.

* Support business development in creating and maintain updated presentation templates of product capabilities that can be used as an 80% solution for customer briefs.

 

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* Operational experience as a Pilot or CSO/NFO of USAF, USN, USMC 4th or 5th generation fighter/bomber aircraft or RPAs.

* Self-starter with high ownership, mission-oriented mentality. Desire to see the product meet the need of the end customer.

* Strong analytical skills, with the ability to interpret test data, diagnose system behaviors, and recommend actionable improvements.

* Organized and detail-oriented, with strong verbal & written communication skills.

* Proven track record of working collaboratively with multidisciplinary teams to achieve project milestones and deliverables.

* Experience in leading system design and development from initial concept through delivery to customers.

* Ability to leverage operational experience and technical knowledge to make educated decisions and leverage engineering trades in the absence of clear customer requirements.

* Willingness to work flexible hours. Up to 25% travel as required for customer engagements and product development activities.

* Active U.S. Top Secret security clearance and experience with Special Access Programs

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS** 

* 5th generation aircraft pilot experience preferred.

* Weapons school instructor, weapons school graduate, test pilot school graduate, Developmental or Operational Test experience.

* Bachelor’s degree in STEM, or equivalent experience in a relevant field

* Direct experience in the development, testing, and deployment of mission autonomy systems in a defense or aerospace context.

* Familiarity with agile software development practices

* Knowledge of current industry and military standards related to unmanned aerial systems and their operation within national airspace.

* Familiarity with the principles of mission autonomy, unmanned systems, and the integration of multiple assets into cohesive operational frameworks.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
