---
title: Senior Manager, Tenant Improvements
status: active
id: '5141076007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5141076007?gh_jid=5141076007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T13:09:29-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Design & Construction team at Anduril delivers the factories, labs, offices, and secure spaces that enable our teams to design, build, and deploy advanced defense technology. Our projects span high-performance manufacturing facilities, mission-critical secure environments, and collaborative workspaces, giving our team exposure to a unique and wide variety of technical and operational challenges.  
  
We operate as a connected team to our strategic real estate planning team and to our operations functions; understanding that strong performance across the complete facilities life cycle is necessary for success.  In response to that we are a collective team, understanding that as a group we can achieve far more than as individuals.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a **Senior Manager, Tenant Improvements to be based at one of our US Based Hubs.** This role will report to the Sr. Director of Design & Construction and lead a team of project managers executing large capital investments across the United States.  These projects range from infrastructure improvements, large- and small-scale industrial development or production, office space, and other mid-to-large investments to existing assets.  This role will be an integral part of the Design & Construction team’s leadership and build strong connections across the RE&F organization and to Anduril lines of business and stakeholder teams.  It is also expected this role will help further our team efficiency by helping to improve our methods of work and providing insight into ways to further improve our impact.  Lastly, as a leader of people, we are looking for an individual who is committed to growing both our organization and the individuals who are the foundation of our success.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Leadership:

+ Establish business objectives and align resources to meet those objectives
+ Understand that ambiguity and change are common, and that embracing these dynamics and driving towards common understanding and action is needed
+ Develop an external vendor strategy that enables project execution, while providing the best value to Anduril
+ Balance potentially competing demands of scope, cost, and schedule.  Engage in resolving decision process and effectively present solutions and recommendations that align to corporate guidance
+ Maintain strong leadership connections with internal stakeholder teams and key business line leaders to form connections, address issues, and identify opportunities
+ Create a culture of one-RE&F attitude in support of the broader organizational and Anduril initiatives
+ Demonstrate by action the importance of building and nurturing a team-centered mindset

* Project Execution:

+ Establish project goals and mentor staff on the execution to plan
+ Implement the right processes, tools, and controls to facilitate success
+ Enhanced focus on turnover to ensure a positive end user experience and a smooth transition to operational staff
+ Set a smart cadence of connection to individual projects providing guidance, remove obstacles, and successfully mitigate risks
+ Drive completion with an acute focus on quality, effective site transition to operations teams and user experience excellence
+ Maintain strong connections with stakeholder teams to eliminate turnover gaps
+ Serve as a point of escalation for issues that may arise during the delivery process

* Business Insight:

+ Develop and analyze core business metrics to inform, educate and drive strategies that improve operations
+ Identify performance trends and action improvements that improve execution
+ Maintain a connection to industry trends and find opportunities to test new processes and solutions

* People Development

+ Hire highly capable team members who advance the overall department skillset
+ Enable high performance by building a team-centric environment which includes mutual respect, team accountability, and strong support
+ Establish individual career development plans that align with business needs and individual career interests

* Budget and Financial Oversight:

+ Own the capital improvement plan for Tenant Improvements, to include annual budgeting, forecasting, and payment processing
+ Identify opportunities to gain efficiency and realize savings via procurement methodology, developing process and tools, and executing project plans

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 10 years of progressive experience in construction management.
* Minimum 3-5 years of management experience, preferably with construction industry team members
* In-depth knowledge of construction means and methods, materials, MEP systems and building codes
* Full knowledge of the design and construction life cycle from site selection through facilities integration
* Ability to effectively adapt to ambiguity and changing priorities
* The ability to effectively communicate at varying levels of organization
* Competency in CPM scheduling methods, construction document review, and contract administration
* Willingness to travel at 25%-50% of the time (international travel included).
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export-controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with advanced manufacturing-related projects
* Experience with construction management software
* Excel proficiency: You can work quickly, you’re organized, and you build models that others can easily and intuitively pick up
* Education: Bachelor’s degree in civil engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, or a related field
* Experience with ICD-705 and TEMPEST-related policies and guidance is welcome

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
