---
title: Program Manager - SkillBridge
status: active
id: '5142847007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5142847007?gh_jid=5142847007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T17:42:14-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States; Atlanta, Georgia, United States; Boston,
  Massachusetts, United States; Costa Mesa, California, United States; Irvine, California,
  United States; Seattle, Washington, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'Templates : Early Career/New Grad'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
- Boston, MA
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
- Seattle, WA
- Seattle, WA (SEA-11)
- Washington, DC (30th Street)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
As our team expands, we are seeking Program Managers to focus on the challenges of development projects in a fast-paced and ever-changing threat landscape. This role can support any of our divisions/business units and can be located in one of our several locations. If qualified for the role, you will interview with a team that best matches your background/experience and location preference.   
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**

* Lead cross-functional efforts, building project roadmaps, getting alignment from different parties, and working through roadblocks as they come up, owning end-to-end implementation of a given program
* Work closely with various stakeholders to identify problems, conceive solutions, and implement processes to improve your program
* Work closely with partner teams to scope requirements and deliver solutions to help aid in solving core scale problems
* Fill in critical gaps to ensure the business can run smoothly...this is a critical aspect of this role, we do what needs to be done regardless of experience

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Process Optimization** – Drive continuous improvement initiatives to enhance efficiency, scalability, and cost effectiveness
* **Budget & Cost Control** – Monitor project budgets, track progress and ensure we are continually focused on solving the largest problems to improve the bottom line
* **Stakeholder Communication** – Provide regular updates to internal teams and leadership, ensuring transparency on project status, risks, and solutions
* **Resource Management** – Ensure appropriate allocation of materials, labor and equipment to meet goals
* **Risk Management** – Identify, assess , and mitigate potential risks and roadblocks
* **Cross Functional Collaboration** – Coordinate between commercial, engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, quality and leadership teams to align efforts with business objectives

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Extremely organized and detail-oriented.
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Ability to build relationships and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders
* Proficiency in using both qualitative and quantitative data to perform analysis and support operational decisions
* Strong communication and leadership abilities to influence and align cross functional teams
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with evolving priorities
* Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
* Ability to travel on an as needed basis.
* Ability to relocate as needed
* Eligible for DoW SkillBridge Program

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A track record of proactively identifying future cross-functional issues or needs and proposing solutions
* Familiarity with the technical writing process

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
