---
title: Director, Business Development - SkillBridge
status: active
id: '5142812007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5142812007?gh_jid=5142812007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T17:42:11-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Huntsville, Alabama, United States;
  Quincy, Massachusetts, United States; Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Templates : Early Career/New Grad'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Huntsville, AL
- Quincy, MA
- Washington, DC (30th Street)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
As our team expands, we are seeking Directors of Business Development to focus on the challenges of development projects in a fast-paced and ever-changing threat landscape. This role can support any of our divisions/business units and can be located in one of our several locations. If qualified for the role, you will interview with a team that best matches your background/experience and location preference.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
As a Director of Business Development, you will expand Anduril's Services by defining strategy, forging partnerships, and winning critical work in the commercial and government sectors. We harness the power of operating our own products to directly inform product strategy, build novel solutions for customer needs, and accelerate the deployment and evolution of our technology. BD team members serve as the bridge between clients and the broader Anduril team; they convey client perspectives to other teams across the enterprise while also serving as the Anduril brand ambassador externally. They partner extensively with the broader division team, to include engineering and program management, to ensure that Anduril products exceed client expectations and mission demands, and to drive continuous product improvements in response to client needs.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Generate and capture opportunities.** This will involve significant travel, trade show coordination, and deep understanding and responsibility for representing country specific budget cycles. The BD team is ultimately responsible for growing revenue. Success will be achieved by developing a deep understanding of the existing and prospective customer base, knowing the current or planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, and being cognizant of the competitive landscape. This expertise will inform capture strategies, revenue forecasts, and aid in technology development plans. Tactically, you will manage continuous engagements with current and future clients, generate growth strategies, and monitor buying cycles for opportunities, and lead specific proposal and capture efforts.
* **Develop capture strategies.** Provide cohesive business plans and execution models that outline acquisition plans, create clear alignment to investment strategies, and drive towards program of record execution. Success will be achieved by engaging key stakeholders to shape requirements, identifying and securing relevant funding, and developing compelling win themes and supplier strategies for competitive captures.
* **Drive product development and program transition.** Your assessment of clients’ needs will inform new product decisions, and your ongoing engagement with clients will yield crucial input that helps Anduril ensure our product suite is best-in-class.
* **Grow existing business.** While the primary role will be shaping and capturing new business, a successful candidate will represent their entire business line. You will partner with execution teams and product engineers to grow business with current clients. This does not simply include expanding upon current work, but also leveraging existing partnerships to explore new areas of work or opportunities by sustaining and building upon the strong foundation of those client relationships.
* **Communicate our value to clients.** BD team members represent Anduril to a broad audience: clients, partners, competitors, and the interested public. You must project the company’s ethos, conveying insights that illustrate our approach to building next-generation defense technology and our competitive edges in doing so.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven experience in business development, strategy development, or development program management
* Ability to leverage unique blend of strategic acumen and deep technical expertise grounded in unique insight into appropriate markets
* Ability to independently drive expansion by identifying market entry opportunities and forging strategic partnerships across commercial and government sectors
* Polished technical communication style that engages stakeholders of all competency levels and a profound fluency in commercial subsea technologies and their applications
* Experience independently formulating and executing a comprehensive growth strategy, activating key collaborations, and closing impactful deals
* Must be authorized to work in the United States
* Ability to relocate as needed
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Eligible for DoW SkillBridge Program

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High ownership and ability to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Builder who is adaptive and who can lead new and innovative approaches to market
* Comfortable with working in limited resource environments
* Prior experience working with technical partners / engineering teams
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
