---
title: Technical Program Manager - SkillBridge
status: active
id: '5142785007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5142785007?gh_jid=5142785007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T21:03:34-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T17:42:09-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States; Costa Mesa, California, United States;
  Quincy, Massachusetts, United States; Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Templates : Early Career/New Grad'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Quincy, MA
- Washington, DC (30th Street)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
As our team expands, we are seeking Technical Program Managers to focus on the challenges of development projects in a fast-paced and ever-changing threat landscape. This role can support any of our divisions/business units and can be located in one of our several locations. If qualified for the role, you will interview with a team that best matches your background/experience and location preference. .   
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
As a Anduril TPM, you must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, develop, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits in mission-level autonomous systems software development. This position will have exposure to a wide variety of program planning, organization, and compliance activities. You will have the opportunity to strengthen and develop your business knowledge and expertise by being a part of a fast-growing company that delivers technology solutions to government and industry customers. Preferred candidates will have a strong background in project management; a willingness to learn; be a team player and be able to adapt to the changing needs of a fast-paced technology business.  
  
You will be required to learn technical concepts and employ them quickly. You will be expected to use your technical knowledge in conjunction with your program management skills to lead cross-functional efforts and deliver the best outcome for Anduril and our internal and external stakeholders.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Ownership: TPMs are owners; we’re looking for those who have a natural bias to assume responsibility, a healthy dose of skepticism, and contribute to a culture of performance. Lead the project from start to finish with the customer and the engineering team. Develop the technical path for success, identify engineering needs, and validate the projected product outcome with the customer. TPMs are empowered to quickly assume high levels of responsibility and entrust them to actively own their account and shape its success.
* Embed/Engage: Work side-by-side with our customers to understand their specific mission challenges and represent the customer as you work with Anduril engineers to shape products that solve critical national and international security challenges. Anduril engineers rely on TPMs to understand the lay of the land and bring a perspective that informs the product development process.
* Build/Orchestrate: Work with Anduril engineers to build the solution and/or pivot development as needed to meet client needs. Successfully developing our complex hardware and software products requires collaborating with nearly every internal Anduril team - engineering, product, logistics, finance, legal, contracting, technical operations, and many more. You’ll be responsible for ensuring each party is engaged and informed, and will therefore become well-versed in what it takes to really bring the best of Anduril to our customers.
* Plan: Develop, coordinate and communicate the path to success with both internal and external partners. Work with clients and engineers to build sprint plans, execution plans, milestones.
* Grow our business through customer success: In addition to the operational and executive relationships you own, you will be responsible for meeting commercial targets that drive top line growth. This requires establishing committed and trust-based partnerships with our customers to not only help them solve their immediate problems, but also to foresee future opportunities where Anduril’s technology can make them more effective. Understanding Anduril’s value proposition and articulating how we can have an impact on a customer’s problem set, from the executive level to the end user, is critical to positioning Anduril for the future.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* B.S. (minimum) in Electrical, Computer Science, Aerospace, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent
* 7+ years relevant military experience
* Experience with the deployment and integration of sophisticated hardware and software systems
* Experience with building and leading cross-functional teams
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in an amorphous environment.
* Able to manage concurrent priorities in a fast-moving environment
* Comfortable with working in limited resource environments
* Excellent communication skills- ability to effectively engage in technical discussions and translate technical details to diverse internal audiences.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Ability to relocate as needed
* Eligible for DoW SkillBridge Program

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Background in defense, hardware, autonomy, or robotics deployments, with an understanding of associated mission-critical quality standards.
* Proven experience leading multi-disciplinary engineering teams to successful completion of projects
* Knowledge of federal procurement processes and practices, including FAR and DFARS.
* Experience with Microsoft Project, Adobe Pro, or equivalent project management software
* Maintain customer relationship with timely, accurate, and meaningful communications
* Creation of project proposals, program plans, reports, and process documentation

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
