---
title: Technical Operations Engineer - SkillBridge
status: active
id: '5142401007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5142401007?gh_jid=5142401007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T21:03:34-04:00'
date: '2026-05-20T17:42:04-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States; Costa Mesa, California, United States;
  Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Templates : Early Career/New Grad'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
As our team expands, we are seeking Technical Operations Engineers to focus on the challenges of development projects in a fast-paced and ever-changing threat landscape. This role can support any of our divisions/business units and can be located in one of our several locations. If qualified for the role, you will interview with a team that best matches your background/experience and location preference. .   
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
As a member of Anduril’s Technical Operations team, you will be responsible for deploying and supporting Anduril’s products all over the world. You will go forward with products early on in their lifecycle and work with engineering teams to iteratively improve them over time. The challenges you will encounter are innumerable and unpredictable, but you will be expected to take ownership of delivering the technical solution.  
  
You must be both a teacher and a student, able to coach teammates on systems that you’ve gained intimate familiarity with and then transition into mastering the next system. You’ll also guide users through product employment and troubleshooting, advise account managers on how to structure an operation to ensure technical success, and communicate specific recommendations for product refinement to engineering teams.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Support military defense projects by executing technical operations, conducting field maintenance, providing customer field support and training
* Tackle complex issues related to hardware, software, and networking in unstructured situations, driving them to resolution
* Communicate field issue status to internal and customer teams, keeping them informed
* Support the development and implementation of comprehensive operational and logistical plans for various events
* Pre-configure systems and ensure seamless integration with customer infrastructure
* Troubleshoot issues in real-time, applying analytical thinking and hands-on problem-solving skills
* Administer and maintain Linux systems across all of our products, serving as a subject matter expert in systems administration
* Incident response root-cause analyses (RCAs) for defense systems in the field
* Conduct post-incident reviews and implement preventive measures
* Maintain up-to-date documentation

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years of experience of strong problem solving in unstructured environments at the interface of hardware, software, and networking.
* Demonstrated ability to train peers or customers on the operation of a product
* Experience working with cross-functional engineering teams and external customers; demonstrated ability to collect differing opinions and reconcile them in order to achieve agreement on what ‘right’ looks like
* Proficient in working with hands and tools to assemble, repair, and maintain technical hardware in the field.
* Ability to travel to remote regions of the world for up to two months at a time (up to 75% of the year).
* Ability to relocate as needed
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret/Secret clearance.
* Eligible for DoW SkillBridge Program

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* B.S. in computer science, mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or related technical field
* Ability to develop complex operational and logistics plans to move people and things quickly, over long distances, in unfamiliar locations.
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
