---
title: Head of Growth, Poland
status: active
id: '5143262007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5143262007?gh_jid=5143262007
lastmod: '2026-05-31T15:06:32-04:00'
date: '2026-05-31T15:06:32-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Global Defense Capture'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The **Business Development (BD)** team, within Anduril's Growth organisation, is responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing new opportunities and capabilities for the company. In order to meet current and future client needs, the team must deeply understand the users' pain points, how current solutions fail to address existing gaps, and how Anduril products can deliver more effective mission outcomes. BD team members serve as the bridge between clients and the broader Anduril team; they convey client perspectives to other teams across the enterprise while also serving as the Anduril brand ambassador externally. They partner extensively with Anduril Business Lines and the Mission Operations team to ensure that Anduril products exceed client expectations and mission demands, and to drive continuous product improvements in response to ever-changing client needs and operating environments.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The **Head of Growth, Poland** will be a foundational leader responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing Anduril's business across Poland. This role combines strategic leadership with hands-on execution, requiring both country-level direction and front-line capture delivery. You will serve as Anduril's senior commercial representative in-country and act as a key liaison between Anduril's Business Lines, Mission Operations team, and Polish government, military, and industrial stakeholders. As such, you will be vital to building deep partnerships with the Polish defense ecosystem, translating customer needs back into the Anduril engineering organization, and ensuring Anduril's advanced defense systems address the most pressing mission demands of Poland and our allies in the region. Growing business is the ultimate team sport, and as such you will partner seamlessly with the existing Europe growth team, notably our head of growth for the Eastern Flank.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

As the Head of Growth for Poland, your mandate is to strategically expand Anduril's presence by developing and executing a comprehensive plan that integrates market growth with the establishment of a robust local industrial and production footprint. You will be the orchestrator across multiple functions, ensuring new business capture and contributing to our long-term in-country manufacturing and partnership goals.

* **Drive New Business.** The BD team is ultimately responsible for growing revenue. As Head of Growth, Poland, you will develop a deep understanding of the existing and prospective Polish client base, know the current and planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, and remain cognizant of the competitive landscape. You will own the end-to-end process of identifying, qualifying, and capturing strategic business opportunities in Poland. You will work closely with Anduril's **Business Development, Engineering, and Global Operations teams** to translate market demand into actionable capture strategies and industrialization plans.
* **Navigate and Enable Customer Landscape.** You will serve as the principal commercial and industrial liaison with Polish government agencies, defense ministries, and regulatory bodies. You own the responsibility for navigating complex industrial regulations, export controls, and policy frameworks to unlock and accelerate Anduril’s expansion in Poland, working in close collaboration with our **Legal, Policy, and Corporate Development teams** to secure necessary approvals and support for our initiatives.
* **Articulate Anduril's Value Proposition.** You are the primary evangelist for Anduril’s commitment to growing Poland's defense industrial base and strategic autonomy. You will bring to life our unique approach to technology, our long-term partnership vision, and the tangible benefits of co-production and localization to Polish government, military, industry partners, and the broader public. This requires a deep understanding of our global capabilities and how they translate to local industrial benefits.
* **Orchestrate Strategic Industrial Partnerships.** You will be responsible for identifying, vetting, and establishing robust manufacturing and supply chain partnerships with key Polish industrial entities. This includes owning the development of thoughtful teaming agreements, accountability mechanisms, and technology transfer frameworks in close coordination with Anduril's **Corporate Development, Legal, and Supply Chain teams**, ensuring these partnerships directly contribute to increased in-country production capabilities and meet client's sovereignty expectations.
* **Inform Product Development.** You will be charged with translating customer needs back into our engineering organization. The team must trust your value judgement and assessment of the required mission outcome as you interpret and convey various client needs. Internally, you will provide the necessary clarity to inform priorities, keep Anduril stakeholders informed, determine key milestones, and proactively provide clear communications to appropriate levels of the company. Your assessment of clients' needs will inform new product decisions, and your ongoing engagement with clients will yield crucial input that helps Anduril ensure our product suite is best-in-class.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven leadership experience (10+ years) in business development, capture, or commercial roles, within the defense, aerospace, or complex technology sectors.
* Demonstrated track record as both a strategic leader and hands-on operator, with experience personally driving capture and customer engagement while providing country-level leadership.
* Prior industry or military experience is essential.
* Deep understanding of the Polish defense customer base, regulatory environment, and government engagement processes. Robust knowledge of Polish legal frameworks as they relate to defense and technology projects.
* Fluency in Polish and English (written and verbal) is essential.
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field. Master's degree preferred.
* Ability to travel 50-75% within Poland and internationally (including to the US) as required.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain work authorization in Poland.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with complex systems involving hardware and software.
* Experience with Polish government business development, government contract structures, and government proposal processes a plus.
* Experience managing complex technical government projects a plus.
* Familiarity with enterprise AI and autonomous systems.
* Strong relationship-building and stakeholder management skills with experience working with government and industrial partners.
* Demonstrated ability to thrive and deliver results in ambiguous, fast-paced, and complex international environments.
* Ability to obtain and maintain relevant Polish security clearances.
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in a complex environment.
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Business Administration, Supply Chain Management, or a related technical field. Master's degree preferred.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
