---
title: Contractor Special Security Officer
status: active
id: '5143674007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5143674007?gh_jid=5143674007
lastmod: '2026-06-01T11:31:58-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T13:31:36-04:00'
location: Chantilly, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Program Security : Industrial and Special Program Security'
offices:
- ' Chantilly, VA'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Contractor Special Security Officer (CSSO) will operate in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, supporting Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) programs for the Intelligence Community (IC). The CSSO's primary responsibilities include developing, implementing, and managing the security program ensuring compliance with Intelligence Community Directives (ICDs 703, 704, 505, and others as applicable), Security Classification Guides (SCGs), and Statements of Work. Key responsibilities include Personnel Security, Physical Security and program OPSEC/P2 planning.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Knowledgeable in interpreting and implementing security guidance based on applicable ICDs, SEADs, 32 CFR Part 117. “NISPOM Rule” and other policies, regulations, and processes as applicable.
* Perform all aspects IC Customer Personnel Security Program requirements. This includes, guidance and assistance for validation of SCI access, access requirements, processing SCI and eligibility and polygraph requests, nomination interviews, submission of investigative requests, conduct or coordinate SCI security briefings.
* Perform all aspects of Physical Security by providing day to day support for badging, access control and visitor control. Ensure all SCIF documentation is current and up to date.
* Support program managers and personnel with classification guidance and other program related requirements, i.e., incoming and outgoing visit certifications, foreign travel reporting and proposal support.
* Ensure SCI material is properly controlled, transmitted, transported, packaged, safeguarded, and destroyed, as appropriate.
* Investigate security incidents and prepare required reports.
* Build and maintain a relationship with government security counterparts.
* Provide security awareness training as required by regulations and as requested by the customer.
* Work with IT and ISSO to ensure equipment being brought into the secure areas is authorized and approved.
* Assist and provide guidance on future ICD 705 builds at company site(s).
* Collaborate and assist the ISSO / ISSM on management of information systems.
* Ensure all security requirements are maintained and available for Government inspections.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Must have a minimum of 4 years full-time security experience working within a SCIF environment, specifically in personnel, physical, information and basic information assurance.
* Ability to work independently and possess knowledge over the full range of security principles, including but not limited to identifying and evaluating program risks/vulnerability; implementing mitigating improvement; and disseminating security procedures/processes.
* Build and maintain relationships with government security counterparts.
* Current TS/SCI with CI Polygraph.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Completed a formal SSO certification course and SCIF physical security course within the last five (5) years.
* Experience with DISS and Scattered Castles.
* SIMS or other security management tools

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
