---
title: Senior Program Manager, Special Projects
status: active
id: '5143724007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5143724007?gh_jid=5143724007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T14:10:33-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : RE&F Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

This operations role on the Real Estate & Facilities team at Anduril has two primary responsibilities:

* Managing complex programs that span multiple domains. This role does not require you to be a subject matter expert on any one domain, but a keen attention to detail, strong bias for action, and ability to navigate complex politics & uncharted territory is key.
* Special projects. We are frequently pulled into high priority problems that must be solved, but do not fall neatly into the purview of an existing person’s job description. Our team is one of the first to get tapped when a messy problem needs solving.

Much of the time, both of these go hand-in-hand.  
As a Sr. Program Manager, you will be critical to supporting both of these responsibilities. While the Real Estate & Facilities team will be your team, you will often be working cross-functionally with leaders and teams throughout the organization to solve messy problems, set up new processes, capture data, action upon it, and enable others to do the same.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own operational projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation. You will be handed ambiguous, messy problems with little prescription on how to solve them. If this does not excite you, this is not the role for you.
* Work on operational problems involving the intersection of hardware and software systems. From large-scale change management across facilities moves , to integrating new facilities from acquisitions, to capturing data on quality-issues across our broad portfolio of facilities. Anduril is hardware business, and facilities enable our mission at the most basic level. We need our systems, tools, and, processes to be up to the task.
* Work deeply within data and systems, becoming intimately familiar with how our business systems (ERP, MRP, HRIS, etc.) function, and how to leverage data from them to create insights and analytics (leveraging tools like Excel, SQL, Tableau), equipping functional teams with these insights and tools to measure and improve their processes.
* Execute scrappy analyses on short-timelines to get answers quickly, while also owning more scalable solutions that will make Anduril successful in the long term.
* Project manage across many stakeholders. If you don’t like being the person leading meetings with large groups of people or managing large Slack channels to wrangle stakeholders towards a solution, this may not be the role for you.
* Work across functions and learn Anduril’s business top-to-bottom. You will interact with Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Engineering, HR, Recruiting, Growth, and more. This role requires cross-functional stretching across Anduril.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* You have 5+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, internal operations, or business analyst role.
* You lean into acknowledging your weaknesses and take the idea of feedback and growth seriously.
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time translating operational problems into data problems, and to then going and executing on them.
* You are self-driven and relentlessly proactive. You don’t need someone to tell you to “move”. You just move. We’d rather have to tell you to slow down than to speed up.
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You enjoy working at a place where no one minds if you leave early one day to go to an appointment or run an errand, but you also don’t mind responding to Slacks in the evening while you’re watching Netflix.
* You have an appetite to build clear frameworks to structure problems.
* You have strong analytical aptitude. You intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and data-models, and you are able to quickly execute analyses in Excel or SQL.
* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership. This should excite you!
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
