---
title: Solutions Engineer, CorporateOS
status: active
id: '5144556007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5144556007?gh_jid=5144556007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T15:37:30-04:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : CorporateOS : People Solutions'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM:**

The Business Systems team is responsible for building and optimizing the many systems and internal technologies that enables Anduril to accomplish its mission. Anduril’s supply chain, accounting, sales & growth, field maintenance, manufacturing, and many more teams rely on the technology built and maintained by us. We call this system-of-systems “CorpOS”. Within CorpOS lies a suite of digital software solutions aimed at solving the problems for our growth, finance, people teams that interplays heavily with our ArsenalOS solutions that enable Anduril’s engineering, production, and sustainment departments.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**

We are seeking a highly skilled Solutions Engineer to join our team. You will be responsible for designing, developing, implementing, and driving adoption of our people systems’ capabilities to ensure Anduril is successful for the near and long term. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams spanning engineering, supply chain, operations, manufacturing, accounting, finance, and more to understand the business needs, engineer solutions, and ensure our systems are aligned with the company's goals and objectives.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Design, develop, and implement solutions that meet the business requirements of the organization
* Collaborate with business partners across People, Finance, and Legal to understand business requirements and translate them into functional and technical solutions, with the result being automation of key business functions
* Analyze current systems and processes to identify areas for improvement and make improvements
* Lead the development and implementation of system-centric projects, including defining project scope, requirements, timelines, and budgets
* Work with vendors and third-party service providers to integrate systems and solutions into the company's infrastructure
* Work with internal software development teams to build out custom solutions if we decide to build rather than buy
* Provide guidance and support to the stakeholder teams on system and process best practices, including training and documentation

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 4+ years of experience in designing, developing, and implementing business processes into systems at manufacturing companies (Aerospace & Defense industry preferred)
* Experience as a sole administrator (limited reliance on external resources to execute on projects)
* Proven track record of leading complex system-centric projects from conception to completion
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data
* Ability to be in-office full time and willingness to travel up to 25% to visit other offices where hands-on instruction and assistance will be necessary

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Background in high-security or defense industry environments
* Exposure to ERP and HCM platforms (Rippling, Oracle, Workday, ADP, etc.)

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
