---
title: Project Manager, Omen
status: active
id: '5144823007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5144823007?gh_jid=5144823007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T13:45:50-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is seeking a Project Manager to join the Omen Program Management Team within Maneuver Dominance. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Project Manageron theOmen management team, you will be helping us keep up with the growing number of new business pursuits, as well as the fast moving development program. In this position you will be deeply intertwined in a highly complex global program, facilitating the Technical Program Manager in tracking the program and enabling the Engineers. You will be expected to create order and just the right amount of processes to enable the team to operate at Anduril’s differentiating pace, while remaining in sync across the many facets of the program.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* **Program Oversight and Support**
  + Manage manpower resources including forecasting, hiring, and labor reporting
  + Work with Supply Chain to manage suppliers including onboarding, spend tracking, delivery schedules, and driving to no manufacturing down time due to part shortages.
* **Systems and Processes Improvement**
  + Develop a deep understanding of our engineering, manufacturing, and test tracking systems (JIRA, MRP, Airtable, Etc) and drive optimized utilization of the tools across the Omen team.
  + Analyze best practices and develop ways to standardize and implement the best methods across the team.
  + Assist in the documentation and standardization of business procedures and reporting protocols.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2-5 years of experience in an engineering program management role and/or systems engineering experience.
* Ability to work closely and effectively with engineering teams, across a wide range of technical comfort.
* Familiarity with JIRA or other agile task tracking methods.
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
* Strong analytical aptitude and can intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers and data-models.
* A reliable self-starter, highly organized, resourceful, with attention to detail.
* Must have the ability to work through ambiguity, roll up your sleeves attitude, and drive forward progress.
* Experience working with suppliers.
* Must be able to obtain a U.S. Secret Clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor of Science degree in engineering, computer science, or related field preferred.
* Experience taking a product through prototyping and into initial low rate production.

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
