---
title: 'Mechanical Engineer, Production - Connected Warfare '
status: active
id: '5144455007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5144455007?gh_jid=5144455007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T15:38:10-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T15:29:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : Connected Warfare
  Mechanical Design'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Connected Warfare is the team at Anduril dedicated to the modernization of the command and control systems of U.S. and Allied forces. New technologies and new adversaries demand a new approach to battlefield intelligence, and our products are rapidly scaling in production to deliver the volumes that our customers need. You will be the owner of one of these products in production and you will have the opportunity to drive this production ramp. Your work will help to change the balance of defense capabilities on a global scale. Apply now and become part of our mission to secure a safer tomorrow.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Investigate, analyze, and resolve complex quality issues to improve the overall product performance
* Own the mechanical definition of one or more of our production-scale products
* You will be the mechanical owner of a product that we are building at scale and shipping to customers around the world
* Collaborate with a tight-knit team of designers, manufacturing engineers, and production partners
* Design new components to keep pace with the rapid evolution of our products
* Implement design for manufacture and assembly feedback to improve our production processes
* Oversee the creation of engineering documentation, particularly production drawings
* Manage the engineering bill of materials for the final as-shipped product
* Serve as the mechanical authority for configuration and change management
* Support qualification campaigns to validate the operational capabilities of our products
* Travel to exercises and work alongside warfighters to support and collect feedback on our products

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

+ Demonstrated track record of design ownership in a team setting (professional or otherwise)
+ Meaningful experience with managing a BOM and drawings in a PLM (product lifecycle management tool)
+ CAD skills and ability to make high quality engineering drawings and other documentation
+ High competence with, and fluid use of, engineering first principles
+ 4+ years of professional mechanical experience
+ B.S. or higher in an engineering field
+ U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data
+ Experience with complex root cause analysis (RCA) and implementation of permanent corrective action (PCA) related to quality improvement.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ Experience in NX/Teamcenter
+ Past examples of managing products in medium to high-volume production (100s of units)
+ Ownership of a complex bill of materials for an electromechanical product
+ Comfort with change management processes
+ Experience managing multiple configurations of one product
+ Knowledge of manufacturing processes including machining, sheet metal, composites, and 3D printing
+ Active Top Secret Security clearance or the ability to obtain and maintain one

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
