---
title: Space Planning Project Manager
status: active
id: '5144614007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5144614007?gh_jid=5144614007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T16:58:08-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (Hive Building B)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**  
As our Space Planning Project Manager, you'll be at the heart of daily move, add, and change operations—ensuring that every desk, chair, and office area is perfectly aligned with our company’s high standards. From orchestrating seamless office moves and managing complex space transitions to coordinating with vendors and tracking project budgets, you’ll thrive in a fast-paced environment that values precision and proactive communication. If you’re ready to make an impact, embrace flexible hours including nights and weekends, and turn everyday challenges into opportunities for process improvement, we want you on our team!  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Manage Day-to-Day Moves, Adds, and Changes:

+ Manage and execute daily move, add, and change requests across office and lab environments.
+ Assist with reconfiguration and furniture requests to meet workplace needs.
+ Conduct regular audits of seating assignments, office spaces and furniture to ensure accurate floorplans, office cleanliness, functionality, and compliance with company standards.
+ Manage ticketing request for seating and furniture

* Project Move Planning & Execution:

+ Manage office moves, reconfigurations, and space transitions from initiation to completion, ensuring minimal disruption to operations.
+ Develop project scopes, timelines, and budgets while ensuring deadlines are met.
+ Coordinate logistics, communication, and vendor activities to enable smooth project delivery.
+ Ensure minimal operational disruption during relocations and restack projects.
+ Manage project budgets, track costs, and process purchase orders.
+ Oversee vendor performance for moving companies, furniture installers, and service providers.
+ Maintain regular and transparent communication with project stakeholders and Facilities team.
+ Generate and distribute project progress reports, documentation, and updates.
+ Required to work off hours to meet project deadlines and accommodate project needs, including nights and weekends.

* Provide Support in other functions for the Facilities Operations team as needed
* Provide feedback in process improvement

**QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Facilities Management, Project Management, or related field (preferred).
* 2+ years of experience managing space planning, office relocations, or move management projects. PMP is a plus.
* Strong project management skills with proven ability to manage multiple concurrent projects.
* Experience with budgeting, vendor coordination, and purchase order management.
* Excellent communication, organizational, and problem-solving skills.
* Ability to work flexible hours, including nights and weekends, to meet project requirements.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) PM projects, experience with space management software is a plus.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
