---
title: Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '5145243007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5145243007?gh_jid=5145243007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T09:40:14-04:00'
location: Boulder, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Boulder, CO (CO-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The team is heavily involved in utilizing computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data to give the US and its allies an advantage.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As an Electrical Engineer at Anduril Imaging, you will design and develop advanced electronics for state-of-the-art imaging systems. Your role will span the complete product life cycle from full system architecture design to laying out circuits on PCBAs to fielding production units. The ideal candidate will be comfortable with hands-on testing, collaboration with cross-functional teams, and rapid design cycles to ensure optimal performance and integration of cutting-edge technologies.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Contribute to the design, development, and testing of electronics for EO/IR systems, including sensor electronics and power management.
* Support systems engineering teams in defining and refining requirements based on physics-based models of sensor and system performance.
* Assist in the design and development of PCB layouts in collaboration with the electrical engineering team.
* Participate in system testing in both the lab & field, providing detailed data analysis and feedback.
* Conduct troubleshooting and testing of electronic components and subsystems to ensure optimal performance.
* Work closely with technical leads and project teams to support system integration efforts.
* Document test results, system designs, and processes to maintain thorough technical records.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience in electrical engineering, focusing on system-level design, development, and testing.
* A degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
* Experience with analog and digital electronics design, testing, and troubleshooting.
* Proficiency in laboratory skills, including setting up and running experiments.
* Familiarity with PCB design tools and methodologies.
* Excellent problem-solving skills with a detail-oriented mindset.
* Ability to collaborate effectively within a multidisciplinary engineering team
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in sensor or communication systems, such as RF, EO/IR, or optical technologies.
* Familiarity with rad-hard and space-based electronics design.
* Familiarity with analytical tools and programming languages such as MATLAB, Python, or C++.
* Understanding of system integration processes and workflows in aerospace or defense environments.

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
