---
title: Manufacturing Technician
status: active
id: '5145310007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5145310007?gh_jid=5145310007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T18:25:12-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Manufacturing'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### We are looking for a Production Technician to join our rapidly growing team in Fort Collins, CO. In this role, you will be responsible for assembly and integration of mechanical and electrical components for our family of cUAS radar products. If you are someone who is a highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment and detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight then this role is for you. Must be available to work one of two split shifts: 6:00 AM–2:30 PM or 10:00 AM–6:30 PM **WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Follow detailed blueprints, schematics, and instructions to assemble products or systems
* Use various hand tools and power tools to put components together
* Combine different subsystems or components into a larger, functioning system
* Ensure compatibility and proper communication between integrated components
* Maintain detailed records of assembly processes, test results, and any issues encountered
* Follow safety protocols and procedures in the workplace

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 2+ years working in manufacturing setting (aerospace, electronics, or medical industry is preferred) performing mechanical and/or electrical assemblies
* Proficient with common hand tools and power tools such as pliers, wrenches, screwdrivers, depth micrometers, calipers, dial indicators, pressure gauges, multimeters, test boxes or specialized test equipment
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications)
* Working knowledge of common electrical components
* Able to read a wiring diagrams and follow assembly instructions
* Ability to rapidly change roles/responsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
* Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with engineering and production.
* Possibility for overtime and weekend shifts as needed
* Ability to lift and carry objects weighing up to 50 lbs
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience testing and running RF systems
* Demonstrated experience with assembly of complex electro-mechanical assemblies and associated components
* Experience with hand soldering and component fabrication
* Knowledge of specialized test equipment such as oscilloscopes, vector network analyzers, and signal analyzers
* Experience running functional checkouts and tests, and troubleshooting/diagnosing issues discovered during these processes
* Experience loading firmware onto integrated digital systems
* Experience running LabView or other test scripts
* Experience with PCBA integration and troubleshooting
* Basic understanding of Lean manufacturing principles
* Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (Engineering, Math, Hard Science, Business, etc.)
* Forklift certification

US Hourly Range

$28.37—$37 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
