---
title: 'Manufacturing Specialist Space Systems '
status: active
id: '5146507007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5146507007?gh_jid=5146507007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T12:02:28-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T12:03:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested war-fighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Manufacturing Specialist to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for the assembly and integration of ground support equipment, flight components, and integrated systems that are vital to our aerospace and defense operations. You will assemble flight and non-flight hardware, construct test racks and electrical ground support equipment, and support PCBA, unit, and vehicle-level build, integration, and test campaigns. This will require expertise in mechanical and electrical assembly, precision measuring, interpreting schematics, soldering and electrical troubleshooting, and proficiency with both power and hand tools. If you are someone who thrives in a high-precision, fast-paced environment and is committed to excellence, continuous improvement, and quality, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Assemble flight and non-flight hardware, ensuring adherence to stringent quality standards.
* Construct test racks and electrical ground support equipment for integration and testing.
* Support PCBA, unit level (avionics and EO/IR), and vehicle-level build, integration, and test campaigns, contributing to successful operational outcomes.
* Collaborate with engineers to design and implement tooling solutions that enhance manufacturing efficiency and quality.
* Develop processes for electrical tests and checkouts, as well as mechanical assembly and development processes.
* Investigate and resolve non-conformances, providing feedback for continuous improvement.
* Utilize precision measuring instruments to ensure components meet specifications.
* Interpret schematics and provide constructive feedback to engineering teams to improve designs.
* Employ soldering and electrical troubleshooting skills to diagnose and fix issues efficiently.
* Maintain familiarity with machinery and various power and hand tools, applying high precision in all tasks.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years experience in aerospace, aviation, military, or other high-reliability industries.
* Experience working with Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES)
* Experience working within a cleanroom environment
* Proven ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment while maintaining attention to detail.
* Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
* A proactive mindset with a commitment to quality and excellence in all aspects of manufacturing.
* Hold or acquire certifications such as IPC-A-620, IPC-A-610, NASA 8739-4, J-STD-001, or equivalent as required.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years experience in aerospace, aviation, military, or other high-reliability industries.
* Experience working satellites & spacecraft hardware
* Harness design & schematic drawing capability
* Experience with assembling avionics and EO/IR instruments
* Experience with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Material Resource Planning (MRP)
* Experience with assembling electro-optical instruments
* Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or other technical discipline

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
