---
title: Flight Test Engineer, Ghost
status: active
id: '5146974007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5146974007?gh_jid=5146974007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T08:16:38-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T18:59:23-04:00'
location: San Clemente, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- San Clemente, CA (CTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril plays a crucial role in our mission , ensuring that every product meets the highest standards of performance and reliability. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, software validation testing and much more. This position is looking for a highly motivated flight test engineer with emphasis in software/hardware capability development and evaluation for the Ghost sUAS platform. Ghost is a Group 2 autonomous vehicle specializing in intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) missions. You will be responsible for the evaluation of the software and hardware capabilities for operational suitability as well as Ghost’s integration into the full suite of Anduril systems to complete complex operations.

### What you’ll do

* As a Flight Test Engineer you will partner with the Ghost engineering to be responsible for test planning, execution, reporting, and evaluating the system under test (software and/or hardware).
* Test duties include:
* Supporting daily flight test operations and campaigns at multiple test locations. Candidate will support and plan test events in support of the product roadmap and production schedule.
* With guidance, manage and oversee a sound configuration management plan and of test assets in preparation for multiple test campaigns.
* Manage an inventory plan to keep all assets fully mission capable and ready for test.
* Prepare for test readiness reviews, safety review boards, and operational test readiness. Create and disseminate test reports that create awareness for all stakeholders on system status in varying test campaigns and/or initiatives.
* Generate and oversee the execution of test cards, pre- and post-flight briefings, and manage test events with a broad support team (pilots, engineering subject matter experts, senior FTEs, etc.).
* Collaborate with SMEs and cross functional teams within the business line through development and production testing, reporting of test findings, and test status. This includes adjudication of testing tasks and characterization of issues, observations, and detailing results.
* Interface daily with hardware and software engineering teams.
* Collect metrics and report on metrics that highlight product performance, progression, and maturity.

### Required Qualifications

* **Educational Background:**
  + A bachelor’s degree in aerospace engineering, mechanical engineering, or a closely related technical discipline from an accredited institution.
  + Master’s degree in a relevant field is a plus.
* **Aviation Experience:**
  + 1-3 years of experience in flight testing, flight test planning, or aviation systems development.
  + Hands-on experience with test instrumentation, data acquisition systems, or aircraft systems integration is strongly preferred.
* **Flight Test Knowledge:**
  + Understanding of flight test principles, including test planning, execution, and data analysis.
  + Familiarity with test card development, safety risk assessments, and test methodology.
* **Technical Aptitude:**
  + Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to quickly understand new technical concepts and apply them effectively.
  + Ability to assess and mitigate technical risks during flight testing.
* **Communication Skills:**
  + Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
  + Capable of clearly documenting test plans, procedures, and results.
  + Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate across teams, including engineering, program management, and operations.
* **Regulatory Knowledge:**
  + Current or ability to obtain FAA 14 CFR Part 107 certification for Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems.
  + Knowledge of FAA regulations and National Airspace procedures, particularly as they relate to manned and unmanned aircraft operations is a plus.
* **Security Requirements:**
  + Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
* **Work Environment Flexibility:**
  + Willingness and ability to work extended hours as required.
  + Willingness and ability to conduct field testing in diverse outdoor environments, including exposure to sun, heat, and occasional rain.
  + Comfortable with hands-on work that involves physical tasks such as lifting, carrying, and setting up test equipment.
  + Ability to occasionally lift and move objects weighing up to 80 lbs (e.g., drone systems) with appropriate assistance and safety measures.
  + Ability to travel for test planning, execution, and customer engagements.

### **Preferred Qualifications:**

* Strong software and documentation experience; familiarity with Linux-based operating systems. Experience with GitHub, CircleCI, ssh, bash, and command line.
* Knowledge and experience with Group 1/2 rotary systems that utilize commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) flight control systems and Ardupilot firmware.
* Experience working DoD programs.
* Familiarity with remote operations and ground control stations.
* Prior experience with military or civilian flight test operations.
* Direct experience working with UAS platforms or autonomous systems.
* Test Pilot School experience or equivalent training is highly desirable.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
