---
title: Technical Program Manager, Space Systems
status: active
id: '5146970007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5146970007?gh_jid=5146970007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T16:40:34-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are hiring a**Technical Program Manager** for our Space business line. The Technical Program Manager will lead day-to-day execution of program initiatives and tasks – working with Business Operations to manage the budget and schedule, as well as with the customer, and the Growth team to satisfy the technical objectives while meeting all of the contractual requirements.

This role is directly tied to a series of on-going orbital programs and active pursuits across Anduril’s Space Business Line. These programs require executing on multiple space system development and delivery contracts along with capture efforts across multiple dynamic space operations missions.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Ownership: TPMs are owners; we’re looking for those who have a natural bias to assume responsibility, a healthy dose of skepticism, and contribute to a culture of performance. Lead the project from start to finish with the customer and the engineering team. Develop the technical path for success, identify engineering needs, and validate the projected product outcome with the customer. TPMs are empowered to quickly assume high levels of responsibility and entrust them to actively own their account and shape its success.
* Embed/Engage: Work side-by-side with our customers to understand their specific mission challenges and represent the customer as you work with Anduril engineers to shape products that solve critical national and international security challenges. Anduril engineers rely on TPMs to understand the lay of the land and bring a perspective that informs the product development process.
* Build/Orchestrate: Work with Anduril engineers to build the solution and/or pivot development as needed to meet client needs. Successfully developing our complex hardware and software products requires collaborating with nearly every internal Anduril team - engineering, product, logistics, finance, legal, contracting, technical operations, and many more. You’ll be responsible for ensuring each party is engaged and informed, and will therefore become well-versed in what it takes to really bring the best of Anduril to our customers.
* Plan: Develop, coordinate and communicate the path to success with both internal and external partners. Work with clients and engineers to build sprint plans, execution plans, milestones.
* Grow our business through customer success: In addition to the operational and executive relationships you own, you will be responsible for meeting commercial targets that drive top line growth. This requires establishing committed and trust-based partnerships with our customers to not only help them solve their immediate problems, but also to foresee future opportunities where Anduril’s technology can make them more effective. Understanding Anduril’s value proposition and articulating how we can have an impact on a customer’s problem set, from the executive level to the end user, is critical to positioning Anduril for the future.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated experience executing engineering or program management responsibilities for Space hardware, payloads, subsystems, or satellites
* Strong understanding of space systems engineering, environmental considerations, and requirements verification and validation
* Experience with the deployment and integration of sophisticated hardware and software systems - particularly for national security space systems
* B.S. (minimum) in Electrical, Computer, Aerospace, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent
* 4+ years relevant industry experience
* CAPM or PMP certification a plus
* Experience with building and leading cross-functional teams
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow.
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in an amorphous environment.
* Comfortable with working in limited resource environments.
* Prior engineering work on space systems is a plus
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven experience leading multi-disciplinary engineering teams to successful completion of projects
* Able to perform in fast paced environment
* Collaborative problem solving to achieve work goals
* Excellent written and verbal communications skills
* Experience with Microsoft Project or equivalent project management software
* Ability to organize, prioritize and simplify complex problems
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative team environment
* Lead team to develop solutions to complex, time sensitive problems
* Maintain customer relationship with timely, accurate, and meaningful communications
* Creation of project proposals, program plans, reports, and process documentation

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
