---
title: Production Test Specialist,  EW
status: active
id: '5146677007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5146677007?gh_jid=5146677007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T16:41:18-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations : Production Operations'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (22M)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Manufacturing Production team is responsible for wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including operating equipment, assembling products, performing quality control checks, and maintaining a safe and efficient work environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Production Test Specialist to join our rapidly growing team in Irvine, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for leading comprehensive testing and troubleshooting for our cutting-edge Pulsar electromagnetic warfare system. You will validate functionality, performance, and robustness across RF, electrical, mechanical, and software domains, conducting detailed RF and environmental tests and diagnosing complex anomalies. This will require 7+ years in test/validation, deep RF expertise with specialized equipment, strong electrical knowledge, Linux/CLI proficiency, and networking understanding. If you are someone who excels at diagnosis and problem-solving, is meticulously detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative team, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Execute comprehensive test plans to validate system functionality, performance, and seamless integration of electrical, mechanical, and software sub-assemblies, rigorously testing interfaces and diagnosing interaction issues.
* Conduct detailed Radio Frequency (RF) tests, analyzing signal integrity, power output, spectral purity, sensitivity, and other critical parameters using specialized equipment.
* Perform Environmental Stress Screening (ESS) and other reliability tests, such as burn-in, vibration, and thermal cycling, to assess product robustness and performance under various conditions.
* Lead extensive and complex troubleshooting efforts to identify the root cause of anomalies, defects, and performance deviations across hardware, software, and RF domains using advanced diagnostic tools.
* Accurately document test procedures, comprehensive test results, and in-depth failure analysis reports in accordance with quality management systems.
* Proactively manage workflow across multiple test stations, prioritizing tests, preparing units, and resolving minor equipment issues to ensure maximum uptime and optimize throughput.
* Serve as a key technical liaison, collaborating closely with Design, Development, RF Integration, and Production engineering teams to provide insights, discuss findings, and vet anomalies.
* Identify and implement opportunities for improving test processes, fixtures, and documentation to enhance efficiency, accuracy, and test coverage.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Possess over 7 years of hands-on experience in a test, validation, or troubleshooting role within a production or manufacturing environment, ideally with complex integrated systems.
* Demonstrate exceptional diagnostic and problem-solving abilities across integrated hardware, software, and RF systems, with the capability to methodically isolate root causes of complex failures.
* Show a demonstrated understanding of RF principles, components (antennas, amplifiers, filters, transceivers), signal paths, and proficiency with specialized RF test equipment such as spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, and signal generators.
* Apply strong electrical knowledge, including the ability to read and interpret schematics, wiring diagrams, and block diagrams, alongside proficiency in using multimeters, oscilloscopes, and power supplies.
* Exhibit strong working knowledge of Linux-based operating systems and proficiency with command-line interfaces (CLI) for test execution, data logging, system configuration, and scripting.
* Maintain a solid understanding of networking concepts, including TCP/IP, Ethernet, and Wi-Fi protocols, essential for product connectivity, configuration, and diagnostics.
* Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills to articulate complex technical issues clearly to diverse audiences, including the ability to interpret and create comprehensive technical documentation, test procedures, product specifications, and detailed failure reports.
* Prove ability to work effectively and collaboratively in a fast-paced, cross-functional team environment.
* Exhibit meticulous attention to detail and accuracy in executing tests, recording data, and documenting findings.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* An Associate's Degree in Electronics, Electrical Engineering Technology, Computer Science, or a related technical field is preferred, with a Bachelor's Degree in a relevant engineering discipline being a plus.
* Prior experience in a highly regulated industry such as medical devices, aerospace, defense, or telecommunications is desirable.
* Basic scripting skills (e.g., Python, Bash) for test automation, data analysis, or utility development are beneficial.
* Familiarity with quality management systems (e.g., ISO 9001, ISO 13485) and quality practices (e.g., Lean, Six Sigma, 5 Whys, Fishbone) is a plus.
* Experience with test automation platforms (e.g., LabVIEW) or version control systems (e.g., Git) would be advantageous.

US Hourly Range

$37—$49 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
