---
title: Senior Harness Engineer, Omen
status: active
id: '5147031007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147031007?gh_jid=5147031007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T14:26:14-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - EE'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is seeking a Senior Harness Engineer to join the Omen team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on new aircraft development in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.  
  
**What You’ll Do**

* Provide the engineering expertise to design, fabricate and integrate harnesses systems and represent the harness discipline on projects
* Investigate, plan, design and develop harnesses to meet various technical requirements
* Research, select, and procure appropriate connectors, back-shells, contacts, wire, shielding, and cable construction for the product to meet appropriate environmental requirements
* Work closely with fellow electrical & mechanical engineers to develop and generate harness system block diagrams and wire diagrams to release for production
* Participate in design reviews and provide input to identify issues and drive design choices
* Prepare harness assembly instructions and test procedures, incorporating your knowledge of industry standards and best practices
* Provide guidance to the electrical team in identifying electrical system requirements given input from internal and external stakeholders including engineering (mechanical, electrical, software), product management, quality and compliance
* Ensure the design meets system-level electrical requirements for voltage, current, bandwidth, redundancy, EMI/EMC
* Perform electrical trade studies for wire gauge, shielding, connector selection, and topology
* Analyze and mitigate electrical risks such as voltage drop, crosstalk, EMI susceptibility, and thermal effects
* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware

**Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent
* 5+ years hands-on experience designing electrical harnessing for rugged commercial, industrial, aerospace, or military applications
* Experience working directly with harness manufacturers to deliver high quality, high reliability products
* Familiarity with common electrical bus interfaces (CAN, Ethernet, RS422, RS232, 1553)
* Familiar with existing applicable harness standards as well as MIL-STD requirements
* Able to apply knowledge of SWaP for power, network and communications systems and designs
* Experience reading wire block interconnect diagrams and wire diagrams
* Organization and communication skills (both written and oral)

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience with or proficient in 3D CAD wire harness routing, such as (NX, Siemens Capital, CATIA, CREO)
* Able to read and generate formboard drawings in 2D CAD for production
* Experience designing harnesses for high voltage (800V) applications
* Familiarity with aviation environmental and EMI standards (MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-461, DO-160, or equivalent) and qualification campaigns for flight hardware
* Experience with Formula SAE, Baja SAE, Design Build Fly, or similar competitive engineering programs demonstrating hands-on vehicle integration experience

US Salary Range

$132,000—$198,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
