---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, PCBA, Barracuda
status: active
id: '5147811007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147811007?gh_jid=5147811007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T13:42:46-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Engineering : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
The [Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda) Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware for the Warfighter. This responsibility includes everything in the manufacturing value-chain, including, but not limited to, Design for Manufacturability work, tool design & selection, process creation & optimization, vendor sourcing & interaction, quality planning, and work documentation associated with the hardware that the Manufacturing Engineer owns.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
Anduril’s Barracuda Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer focusing on PCBA. As a PCBA Senior Manufacturing Engineer, you will own PCBAs and avionics used on the program and work closely with cross functional groups to support production. The right person for this role has experience reviewing PCBA technical drawings, assembling PCBAs, troubleshooting board issues, and implementing quality control standards.  
  
The right person for the team demonstrates past holistic ownership on solving a technical challenge with a creative, physical, solution that they either personally manufactured or oversaw manufacturing in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. If you are someone who thrives in such an environment, brings personality to the team, is a hard worker, and ready to make an explosive impact, then this role is for you.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Leverage expertise in New Product Introduction (NPI) to seamlessly transition electromechanical products from prototype to high-volume production, optimizing manufacturability and supply chain scalability
* Collaborate with Design Engineering teams early in the development process to feedback Design For Manufacturability
* Develop and maintain PCBA workmanship standards, process parameters, and design rules aligned to evolving product and technology roadmaps
* Establish scalable DFM frameworks that enable consistent execution across multiple products, sites, and manufacturing partners
* Lead technical verification of quick turn and volume PCBA vendor capabilities, including SMT, advanced packaging, underfill, edge bond, and specialty processes
* Ensure ongoing compliance with approved manufacturing processes, materials, and quality targets at subcontractors
* Mentor and lead a high performing team of PCBA DFM engineers and technical leads

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Degree in a technical field preferred such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 8+ years of experience in a relevant field, manufacturing or design in PCBA and SMT processes, advanced packaging
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver electromechanical hardware in a resource-constrained environment
* Demonstrated in-kind or direct team cooperation skills, with backing examples
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.); work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus
* Willingness to travel occasionally (<25%) to support global manufacturing operations
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with Altium software
* Experience with IPC-610 and J-STD-001 standards
* Hands-on experience with R/C and/or autonomous flight vehicles, flight controllers, or other related control systems
* Software scripting experience in any language
* Strong background in material science, electronics packaging and reliability engineering
* Current active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
