---
title: Structures Analyst, Omen
status: active
id: '5147005007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147005007?gh_jid=5147005007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T18:06:17-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T17:54:42-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - ME'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking a Structures Analyst to join the Omen Team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Omen is Anduril’s hover-to-cruise autonomous air vehicle (AAV) that packs the endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a novel runway-independent Group 3 platform. Omen can operate from ship decks, beaches, or remote island clearings, providing true runway independence and freedom of maneuver across defense and civilian domains. Omen is the first tail-sitter aircraft with a mass-production contract, with an order of 50 systems representing a decisive investment that anchors production and accelerates the development of future systems.  
  
You will work on new aircraft development in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to fly new designs within months, not years.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Perform static and dynamic structural analyses of composites and metallics using first principles and appropriate analysis methods (hand calculations, spreadsheets, scripts, detailed FEA
* Develop and own FEM creation and organization at the global and subsystem level
* Collaborate with hardware engineers to drive proper designs based on analytical results
* Document analysis methodology and results in technical reports for internal teams and external stakeholders
* Conduct and support validation testing, including instrumentation requirements, load requirements, data collection, and model correlation
* Participate in flight testing including setting Do No Exceed values, monitoring loads, and dispositioning inspection findings
* Ensure designs meet customer requirements, industry standards, and safety regulations
* Stay current with advancements in analysis techniques, materials technology, and industry standards

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS or higher degree in engineering or applied physics with a focus in structures
* Deep understanding of statics, dynamics, mechanics of materials, and materials properties
* Structural testing experience (static, buckling, cyclic) including sensor selection, data acquisition, and data post-processing
* Proficiency in FEA software (ANSYS, Abaqus, NASTRAN) solution sequences for linear and non-linear static and buckling analyses
* Experience with CAD tools (NX, Solidworks)
* Proficiency in Matlab or Python (or equivalent) for developing analytical models, data acquisition, and automation
* Highly motivated, self-starting, and able to perform duties autonomously without supervision
* Very organized and willing to establish scope and requirements for ill- defined problems
* Be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience in a structures, dynamics, or loads related role with high ownership and accountability for hardware outcomes
* Recognized as a season expert with significant influence in the structural design space
* MS or higher degree in engineering or applied physics with a focus in structures
* Experience with high cycle fatigue and/or turbomachinery
* Ability to develop workflow automation tools

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
