---
title: Lead Materials Associate
status: active
id: '5147986007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147986007?gh_jid=5147986007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T15:01:41-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Warehousing & Transportation'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-59)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Ensure all associates are following safety procedures and standard work tasks. Proactively identify and drive safety improvement opportunities
* Sets priorities and directs daily operations to include timely issuing and completion of tasks, clear blockers daily for the warehouse team to achieve their goals
* Own inventory accuracy for business unit, identify risks, and report daily
* Build a positive and collaborative team culture that promotes product knowledge, skills development, and X-training
* Work cross functionally to resolve issued related to KPIs and drive completion of continuous improvement activities
* Drive performance metrics and reporting to Supervisor and Manager
* Interface with business stakeholders to ensure business alignment
* Ensure visual management of the areas are upheld and represent the health of current operations
* Hold daily standups with team to drive key business initiatives
* Be a super user within WMS to identify and resolve key issues
* Show up every day with extreme urgency and enthusiasm to get the job done

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3+ years experience with warehouse operations supporting manufacturing, involving: receiving, put-away, picking, cycle counting, internal transfers, deployments, VRMA
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities
* Ability to be onsite, local to Santa Ana, CA or Costa Mesa, CA

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, manufacturing or related operations field
* Strong understanding of production rate, critical path analysis, and key warehouse fundamentals
* Strong understanding for receiving and deployment documentation for domestic and international shipments
* Ability to identify safety issues with warehouse vehicles to ensure safe operations
* Strong knowledge of AS9100 standards and OSHA laws
* Experience being hands-on and boots on the ground in the warehouse with proven skills in both process and equipment troubleshooting, and ability to adapt to constantly changing warehouse environments
* Passion for employee development and enjoy the process of training and developing both new hires and veteran warehouse staff
* Strong understanding for receiving and deployment documentation for domestic and international shipments
* Strong understanding of production rate, critical path analysis, and key warehouse fundamentals
* Ability to identify safety issues with warehouse vehicles to ensure safe operations
* Experience supporting process development and implementing new processes
* Experience supporting equipment maintenance
* Knowledge of 5S, lean manufacturing or 6-Sigma principles
* Proficient with computer use (standard browser, word processing applications) and ability to present data
* Reliable, organized and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Experience in ramping low volume operations to high rate
* Forklift certification

US Hourly Range

$37—$49.50 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
