---
title: Test & Evaluation Engineer, Imaging
status: active
id: '5147719007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5147719007?gh_jid=5147719007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T19:30:56-04:00'
location: Boulder, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Boulder, CO (CO-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril is integral to our mission, ensuring that every product meets the highest standards of performance and reliability. Our team specializes in a broad spectrum of testing activities, including developmental testing using surrogate vehicles. We are at the forefront of testing approaches, particularly in the domain of complex imaging systems. As we expand, we're seeking a methodical engineer who is prepared to tackle the challenges of system testing and contribute to the iterative development and refinement of these imaging systems.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead and participate in developmental testing of tactical imaging systems, both ground and airborne based systems in a fast-paced test environment.
* Integrate Anduril’s Test and Evaluation process into the program and ensure adherence throughout the life of the program.
* Responsible for safe operation of all testing efforts in accordance with established operating procedures and practices
* Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, hardware engineers, and product managers, to define test requirements and ensure alignment with system capabilities and mission objectives.
* Support the continuous improvement of test procedures, safety protocols, and documentation standards to uphold the integrity of all test operations.
* Coordinate with private and government test resources to test and evaluate systems and software
* Collaborate with Program Management and Technical Leads to define future program support needs to ensure successful system testing and validation.
* Become a technical resource in the product you are supporting

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering or a related technical field from an accredited institution. May substitute equivalent engineering experience in lieu of education.
* 8+ years of test engineering experience or comparable skill (i.e. system test & evaluation, integration & test, flight test)
* Must be able to work independently and as part of a multi-disciplinary team to deliver results in a highly ambiguous, fast-paced environment with little to no oversight
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly and solve problems across a variety of engineering areas
* Experience in a lab environment, working on both hardware and software products
* Flexibility to adapt to varying schedules and willingness to travel to test sites as needed. Up to 50% travel during critical phases of testing.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret-Level security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with infrared imaging systems and/or laser emitting systems
* Direct experience in the development, testing, and deployment of airborne imaging systems in a defense or aerospace context.
* Proficiency in configuring, troubleshooting, and using test equipment such as oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, signal generators, and network analyzers.
* Knowledge of computer networks, including LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, routing, and switching.
* Experience producing customer facing test deliverables (test plans, test reports, etc.) and demonstrated maturity to articulate deliverable to a variety of stakeholders.
* Experience as a test conductor, test director, or similar test position.
* Experience integrating prototype hardware onto aircraft.

US Salary Range

$97,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
