---
title: Head of Aftermarket Strategy & Offering Management
status: active
id: '5148000007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148000007?gh_jid=5148000007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T09:04:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Deployment Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The duty of this organization is to enable our Customers’ ongoing **Mission Readiness**. From the moment they say '“go” until the contract is fulfilled. We are only successful when the customer's mission is successful.   
  
Mission Readiness is the post-production shared services organization for Anduril. This team supports the Business Lines and Divisions throughout the lifecycle of their product, from initial sustainment concept through delivery, installation, operation, repair and return. These service offerings also include providing technical publications, training, customer support, connectivity services and other value-added services. To the degree the Business elects, we accept the delegated responsibility for upfront and continued delivery of the committed service solutions. This team endeavors to provide the Business Lines, as our internal customers, shared mission services that are more efficient and cost effective than if they chose to provide them directly. By offering mission support capabilities and capacity that are not “core” to the Business, the Business can focus resources on addressing the next big need while we ensure existing commitments are met.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a **Head of Aftermarket Strategy & Offering Management** to join our rapidly growing team in **Costa Mesa, CA**. In this role, you will be responsible for establishing the braintrust that informs the aftermarket service offerings for our defense customers.   
  
This role will work closely with corporate strategy and the Divisions/Business Lines to understand the customers to be served, Anduril’s hardware-software defense solutions, and shape the post-production service offerings proposed and contracted. This will also actively gather external sources of insight to industry service norms, trends and the competitive landscape of alternatives.  
  
This function will build the capacity and capability to support Divisions/Business Lines and the Mission Readiness organization to appropriately set competitive value pricing.   
  
If you like to understand the customer, competition and what it takes to win in the aerospace and defense aftermarket, but are tired of being stuck with “the old ways” of doing things, this is the team for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build and lead a team of direct reports to create a combined aftermarket strategy and offering management function, focused on the services necessary to deploy and maintain mission readiness for the numerous and varied Anduril hardware+software solutions.
* Develop and run an organized approach to understanding the defense competitive landscape and positioning Anduril’s various services to win, both near and long term.
* Partner with, inform and support the Divisions & Business Lines with creation of intentional service offerings for their products that are scalable, deliverable and profitable.
* Oversee the portfolio of strategic service offerings, enabling customers to experience a cohesive pan-product approach, where variations are deliberate and purposeful. Become intimately familiar with the services provided by the Mission Readiness organization, such that opportunities and risks are observable.
* Convene and conduct robust, hypothesis-driven business analyses that yield actionable insights and outcome-changing decisions. Leverage other teams as appropriate.
* Coordinate with Finance and Contracts to understand and refine the economics of Mission Readiness services at the point of contracting, and appropriately define the service deliverables and measurable success.
* Lead the development of inputs to feed annual and periodic business forecasting activities as they pertain to strategic investment. Tie the strategic direction of Mission Readiness capacity and capability to that of the Business Lines to enable a cohesive story that generates growth and efficiencies.
* Serve as a key leadership team member in Mission Readiness, partnering with the VP and peers to coordinate cross-functional strategy, responsibilities and enable organizational success.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelors degree in technical/analytical field
* 15+ years of professional experience in some combination of business strategy, product management, business analysis, aircraft/component maintenance, repair & overhaul (MRO), field services and/or finance.
* Minimum of two years of experience directly managing 5+ employees
* Ability to travel up to 25% of the time
* This position is based in Costa Mesa, CA, Atlanta, GA, Columbus, OH, Raleigh, North Carolina or Arlington, VA/Washington, DC area. Hybrid work will also be considered but travel expectations will be increased to 75% for the first year.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret or Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Master's degree
* Existing knowledge of aerospace and defense industry customers, OEMs and service providers
* Prior work in/with a sustainment or aftermarket solutions business (such as logistics, sustainment, repairs/MRO, spare parts, field services, connectivity services or other related services) in support of highly-engineered products.
* Prior success establishing creative service offerings for highly-engineered products/solutions
* Prior experience managing portfolio of product or service offerings, inclusive of customer segmentation, value proposition development, value pricing and contract profit modeling.
* Familiarity with and prior experience leveraging A&D industry knowledge networks
* Global / multi-regional industry exposure
* Ability to collaborate with a broad cross-functional organization with shared accountability.
* Experience maturing offerings from prototype/early stage through to repeatable volume across multiple contracts
* Negotiation training/experience
* Ability and willingness to make tradeoffs for speed, impact and risk
* Demonstrated team builder and developer of people

US Salary Range

$220,000—$336,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
