---
title: Manager, Proposal and Capture
status: active
id: '5148315007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148315007?gh_jid=5148315007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T17:57:30-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Proposals : Proposals'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Proposals & Capture Team is responsible for championing the development and delivery of major proposals. We partner with stakeholders across Anduril’s business lines and functional teams, including growth/business development, legal, finance, engineering, program management, and executive teams to win new business.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Proposal & Capture Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa. In this role, you will be at the heart of Anduril’s growth engine, providing essential project management and content generation skills. You will expertly navigate the dynamic environment of a hyper-growth company and manage competing priorities with overlapping schedules. You will craft compelling materials to inform our customers’ market research and acquisition strategies, write technical narratives on cutting-edge capabilities, build and implement pricing strategies, and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to close deals.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead proposal efforts to win Anduril new business. You will spend the majority of your day constructing narratives and documents that convey Anduril's value proposition to the government.
* Partner with myriad business and technical stakeholders to pursue long-term opportunities and execute Anduril’s capture, pricing, and outreach strategy through proposals, white papers, and other documents.
* Manage and write responses to government and customer requests for white papers, general product or company information, quotes, and proposals.
* Develop and maintain strategic pricing across all of Anduril’s products and business lines.
* Create and own the proposal process with an eye towards continuous improvement.
* Develop and curate a content library of prose, briefs, and graphics for use across the business.
* Coordinate with technical counterparts on Anduril’s engineering team to accurately represent the company’s technology to potential customers.
* Monitor and flag potential opportunities to key internal stakeholders.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Excellent writing skills with the ability to generate large documents on short timelines.
* Significant experience with the government acquisitions process.
* Experience and aptitude in building processes where none exist.
* Ability to clearly articulate information, understand business needs, and build relationships across the organization.
* Comfort working with a diverse range of disciplines including, but not limited to, design, engineering, program management, supply chain, and finance.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.
* Experience with DoD Mission Systems, Space, and/or DoD Air Vehicles.
* Current security clearance. TS clearance with SCI eligibility preferred.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity with FAR 15.408, Table 15-2 processes and procedures
* Familiarity with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12
* Experience working with complex engineering projects or research and development.
* SAP experience preferred; eligibility for SAP access required.

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are passionate about working on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
