---
title: 2027 Electrical Engineer Intern
status: active
id: '5148101007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148101007?gh_jid=5148101007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T21:03:34-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T13:00:56-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States; Boston, Massachusetts, United States; Costa
  Mesa, California, United States; Irvine, California, United States; Reston, Virginia,
  United States; Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
- Boston, MA
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
- Huntsville, AL
- Irvine, CA (22M)
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

While this exact role may not be open today, we are always looking ahead and want to connect with talented people like you for future opportunities. We will begin reviewing applications in **August 2026 for positions starting in 2027**. We highly encourage you to apply early to get a head start! By submitting your application today, you'll be on our radar, and an Anduril recruiter will reach out to you directly as soon as a matching role opens up.

We are seeking Electrical Engineer Interns for **Summer 2027**! This is a paid, in-person, 12 week internship.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Design electronics from concept to functional prototype, including hardware selection, PCB design, and system level integration.
* Troubleshoot issues that span the electrical and software boundaries, with solid skills using both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and software debugging tools.
* Develop low-level firmware/software for microcontrollers, embedded Linux systems, and supporting development & testing tools.
* Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products.
* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware.
* Concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent.
* Must be a rising senior at the time of the internship and returning to school at the end of the internship to continue academic studies for at least one quarter/semester.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.
* Ability to complete an in-person 12-week internship in one of our offices.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Familiarity with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, debuggers, current-probes, and automation of tests.
* Familiarity with software development processes and tools such as git, Github, JIRA, etc.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Familiarity with embedded Linux development, including device trees, hardware drivers, bootloaders, and basic Unix/Linux tools.
* Exceptional organization and communication skills (both written and oral).
* Experience with Altium Designer or equivalent electronic design automation tools.
* Proficiency with C/C++ and common languages (Python, Rust, Haskell, etc.)

US Salary Range

$30—$45 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
