---
title: Manufacturing Specialist, Propulsion
status: active
id: '5148170007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148170007?gh_jid=5148170007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T17:54:39-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T17:54:39-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations : Production Operations'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-31)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Manufacturing Team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, moving ground equipment, and flight vehicles. This responsibility includes everything in the manufacturing value-chain, including, but not limited to, Design for Manufacturability work, tool design & selection, process creation & optimization, vendor sourcing & interaction, quality planning, and work documentation associated with the hardware.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Manufacturing Specialist on our Propulsion Manufacturing team, you will be responsible for the assembly and integration of small turbojet engines and supporting test equipment. Your expertise will help ensure that our products meet the highest standards of quality and reliability.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Assemble flight and non-flight hardware, ensuring adherence to stringent quality standards
* Construct test racks, mechanical, and electrical equipment for integration and testing
* Diagnose and troubleshoot test stand and propulsion hardware issues
* Work with engineering to create and execute test plans to inform product acceptance, development and qualification
* Meticulously document test results and issues
* Create work orders, manuals, maintenance plans and other documentation for engine builds and test equipment
* Design and build simple tooling and fixtures for novel test types
* Utilize precision measuring instruments to ensure components meet specifications
* Train other technicians and supervise new product development builds
* Investigate and resolve nonconformances, providing feedback for continuous improvement

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years experience in aerospace, aviation, military, or other high-reliability industries
* Electrical troubleshooting skills and familiarity with data acquisition devices and software
* Mechanical troubleshooting and repair ability including familiarity with fluid systems
* Computer skills necessary to test, document and update digital systems
* Proven ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment while maintaining attention to detail
* Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with propulsion or turbomachinery systems
* Design and build electrical and mechanical systems
* Experience interpreting test data and tuning engine performance

US Hourly Range

$38—$55 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
