---
title: Enterprise Applications Engineer
status: active
id: '5148199007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148199007?gh_jid=5148199007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T13:41:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Enterprise Applications Engineering team designs and manages the integrated SaaS ecosystem essential to Anduril’s growth. We act as a force multiplier by automating complex workflows and ensuring interoperability across our software stack. By delivering robust, scalable platforms, we empower our workforce to stay focused on mission success without technical limitations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a skilled Enterprise Applications Systems Engineer to join our team. You will play a pivotal role in the design, implementation, and management of our enterprise software solutions. You will be responsible for the full lifecycle management of our SaaS stack, automate user provisioning, manage workflows, and maintain robust cross-platform integrations. Your goal is to ensure our software systems are scalable, secure, and seamlessly connected through automated deployments and rigorous configuration management.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Build and operate SaaS platforms (Box, Slack, Lucid, O365, Airtable, Pagerduty, and more) as part of the enterprise stack, establishing integration frameworks, monitoring, and automation to ensure system resilience and scalability.
* Develop creative custom applications, internal tools, and automations contributing to the extensibility of tools across the company.
* Support governance initiatives to maintain system integrity in accordance with least privileged access.
* Design, implement, and manage user lifecycle management processes and improvements.
* Assess and enhance SaaS tool integrations to improve workflow efficiencies across various business units within the organization.
* Develop and maintain technical documentation for the enterprise applications tech stack, including technical requirements, architectural diagrams, run-books, and recovery procedures.
* Partner with Security, Compliance, and business stakeholders to translate complex requirements into secure, scalable technical architectures.
* Be the point of contact for application ownership, delegating roles, permissions, and integration capabilities safely to empower and educate users.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in IT Engineering with a focus on SaaS tools and IAM.
* Experience in the enterprise administration and automated configuration of SaaS platforms (e.g., O365, Slack, Box).
* Experience building end-to-end continuous integration solutions using SCIM, REST APIs, and Web hooks.
* Strong understanding of authentication protocols such as SAML and OAuth 2.0.
* Adept in leveraging a scripting language, including Python, PowerShell, or Go.
* Ability to navigate ambiguity, resolve user issues, and work autonomously to identify and solve problems.
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance.
* Willingness to work on-site at our Costa Mesa, CA, office.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience managing IAM architecture in a zero trust and password-less environment.
* Experience implementing IAM solutions through an Identity Provider such as Okta, Microsoft Azure Active Directory, or Google Identity.
* Experience implementing onboarding & off-boarding automations for an enterprise at scale.
* Background of supporting complex compliance initiatives across applications.
* Strong understanding of identity governance framework.
* Familiar with DevOps principles.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
