---
title: ' Head of Maintenance Repair & Overhaul'
status: active
id: '5148720007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5148720007?gh_jid=5148720007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T10:05:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The duty of this organization is to enable our Customers’ ongoing **Mission Readiness**. From the moment they say '“go” until the contract is fulfilled. We are only successful when the customer's mission is successful.   
  
Mission Readiness is the post-production shared services organization for Anduril. This team supports the Business Lines and Divisions throughout the lifecycle of their product, from initial sustainment concept through delivery, installation, operation, repair and return. These service offerings also include providing technical publications, training, customer support, connectivity services and other value-added services. To the degree the Business elects, we accept the delegated responsibility for upfront and continued delivery of the committed service solutions. This team endeavors to provide the Business Lines, as our internal customers, shared mission services that are more efficient and cost effective than if they chose to provide them directly. By offering mission support capabilities and capacity that are not “core” to the Business, the Business can focus resources on addressing the next big need while we ensure existing commitments are met.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Head of Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) to join our rapidly growing team in **Columbus, OH or Costa Mesa, CA**. In this role, you will be responsible for establishing and running the repair function for Anduril products and components. You will need to lay out the roadmap for product maintenance, leveraging the ground taken by various product teams to date, to enable the high volume and complexity of the fast-growing Anduril installed base. This will require working with the Business Lines - our internal customers - and their Production teams to isolate what makes their products (hardware, embedded software and related aftermarket services) unique and what they have in common that can result in scalable efficiencies. Anduril moves quickly, so “building the plane while flying” rules apply. If you are someone who knows how what great MRO organizations need, where they go wrong and want to create one from a clean sheet using all your lessons learned, then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Establish MRO function for Anduril; aggregate the limited existing team, provide strategic and tactical direction, and build out team skills and capacity.
* Design and build the MRO organization (including staffing, footprint, tools and processes).
* Collaborate closely with Production (including manufacturing, supply chain, material planning, scheduling) to ensure material needs are met for the used/repaired product availability to support deployed equipment uptime commitments as well as sub-component material needs.
* Coordinate with supply chain and programs to manage subcontract component repairs, where applicable, and conduct insource/outsource decisions in support of business line priorities.
* Prioritize repair backlog, turn-around-time (TAT) and costs in support of all Divisions/Business Lines priorities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelors degree in technical or business discipline
* 10+ years of combined experience in aircraft systems/components MRO (required), sustainment, operations, quality, program management, and/or customer support functions
* Ability to travel 25-75% of the time (depending on base location)
* This position is based in Costa Mesa, CA or Columbus, OH and requires being onsite - remote work not considered
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret or Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Extensive technical experience in maintenance, repair, and overhaul, including a comprehensive understanding of aircraft systems, components, and avionics.
* Strong knowledge of maintenance best practices, troubleshooting techniques, and diagnostic tools used in the military aviation industry.
* Experience managing complex MRO projects, including coordinating with OEMs, subcontractors, and maintenance crews.
* Proven track record of successfully building and leading technical teams and overseeing MRO operations for a variety of products.
* Proficient in interpreting technical manuals, schematics, and engineering drawings related to component, system and/or aircraft MRO.
* Familiarity with military regulations and requirements related to MRO, such as DoD standards and military airworthiness criteria.
* Experience ‘standing up’ MRO organization(s), particularly in the context of products ramping production and fielding
* Prior success leading in a complex/matrix organization supporting multiple product families. Ability to influence decisions and collaborate in a cross-functional environment.
* Understanding of reliability-centered maintenance (RCM) principles and experience in implementing maintenance programs for both condition-based and hard-time maintenance.
* Knowledge of software systems used in MRO operations, such as computerized maintenance management systems (CMMS) and aircraft health monitoring systems.
* MBA or advanced technical degree preferred

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
