---
title: Senior Manufacturing Quality Engineer
status: active
id: '5149974007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5149974007?gh_jid=5149974007
lastmod: '2026-05-29T17:17:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T11:23:09-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States; Waltham, Massachusetts, United
  States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM:**

Our Quality Engineering team is a dedicated group of professionals committed to ensuring the highest standards of quality in our processes. We play a crucial role in maintaining the integrity and reliability of our products, working collaboratively to identify, analyze, and resolve quality issues. Our team thrives on a culture of continuous improvement and innovation, leveraging data-driven insights to enhance processes and outcomes.

### **ABOUT THE JOB:**

We are seeking a Senior Manufacturing Quality Engineer to join our growing team, currently based out of Lexington, MA but relocating to Waltham, MA. You will ensure our manufacturing processes and products meet quality standards through inspections and data analysis while collaborating with cross-functional teams on quality assurance protocols. This role requires expertise in quality management systems and statistical process control within a regulated environment If you have strong analytical skills and attention to detail, this opportunity is for you! Your proactive problem-solving approach will be vital to our quality initiatives.

#### **WHAT YOU'll DO:**

* Drive improvement in product design, manufacturing, suppliers as well as service and field support in order to improve reliability across the product lifecycle
* Drive Quality Management System compliance & sustainability to the AS9100 certification.
* Develop & improve key performance indicators (KPIs) for Quality across product quality
* Develop and utilize a data driven approach to evaluating, prioritizing and tracking product quality & reliability (suppliers, manufacturing & field)
* Support and improve internal tracking tools for supplier incoming, manufacturing in-process, and field quality issues
* Lead investigations, initiatives, and projects to find root cause and implement corrective and preventative actions both internally and with suppliers
* Support development and sustainability of raw material supplier inspection and incoming inspection program
* Support the execution of MRB activities
* Contribute to the evaluation, selection, qualification and performance of suppliers
* Carry out containment, audit, and disposition actions of any quality “escapes” or defective material
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap, partnering with production to ensure incoming material inspection, process control plans and end of line tests capture the essential quality requirements for successful customer shipments.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* 5+ years of relevant experience working with OEM suppliers and manufacturing operations building complex hardware/software systems
* 5+ years experience in engineering, manufacturing, or quality within the aerospace/defense, automotive, or medical device fields
* Experience working in a ISO 9001 and/or AS9100 regulated environment
* Working knowledge of Quality core tools such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA/8D), Change Management, Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)
* Hands on experience using mechanical and electrical metrology tools/instruments
* Working knowledge of electro-mechanical design and relevant manufacturing processes.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability as a project manager to drive projects from start to finish
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* Experience as a lead auditor for AS9100 or other ISO 9001-based QMS standard (e.g., ISO 13485, IATF 16949)
* Experience with supporting the manufacturing of Integrated Dewar Cooler Assemblies (IDCAs) and/or Infrared (IR) Cameras.
* Experience with high mix low volume manufacturing and suppliers

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
