---
title: Quality Specialist, Roadrunner
status: active
id: '5149286007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5149286007?gh_jid=5149286007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:46:26-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T18:42:37-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Quality Engineering : Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE SITE**  
Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyperscale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.   
  
**ABOUT THE PRODUCT**  
  
The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s[**Roadrunner**](https://www.anduril.com/roadrunner) product is at its leading edge. Roadrunner is a cutting-edge VTOL (Vertical Take-Off and Landing) counter-UAS interceptor, designed for autonomous air defense operations. It rapidly detects, tracks, and neutralizes hostile unmanned aircraft systems to protect critical assets and personnel.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Roadrunner Launch Team (RLT) will set the standard for building the future at **[Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1),** our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Ashville, OH. This team will have the opportunity to train under our world-class manufacturing team at Anduril HQ in Costa Mesa, CA for 3 months before bringing that standard of excellence back to Ohio.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

The **Quality Specialist** is a professional who is responsible for monitoring, inspecting and proposing measures to correct or improve the incoming inspection process to meet quality standards. They are a highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment. They will partner across the organization and help prioritize process and product quality issues that impact the effectiveness of the incoming materials inspection process as well as provide support for end of line supplier inspection. Also, as a quality specialist, they are responsible for monitoring, inspecting and proposing measures to correct or improve the final product quality standard. This role will focus on both product quality issues as well as process issues that impact efficiencies and completeness of of the inspection operations.  
  
\*\*This role requires candidates to relocate to Costa Mesa for a 3-month training program. Housing, transportation, etc. will be provided during your stay.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manages the site Materials Review Board (MRB) process
* Partner with Site Supplier Quality Engineering Organization to support Supplier Quality Control
* Assist in the root cause analysis
* Assist in the dispositioning of non-conforming material and ensure the tasks are completed in a timely manner
* Manage internal re-work to support dispositions.
* Ensure data collection and entry is accurate and complete for the MRB process
* Communicate the process performance and quality issues to key stakeholders to drive improvements
* Execute vendor return material authorization (RMA) with partnership between Warehouse and Buyers to ensure material leaves the MRB area for suppliers.
* Inspect to verify non-conforming parts and perform investigations related to nonconforming parts.
* Manage quality containment process for material, tooling, and inspection equipment that are involved in non-conformances impacting production capacity and capability.
* Create inspection plans for incoming material, in-process inspection steps, and end of line inspection, as per direction from product quality engineers. Execute inspection as needed.
* Train technicians and inspectors to execute inspection plans and data capture in the process.
* Propose, develop and implement quality assurance policies and procedures and review with the product quality engineers
* Review and propose continuous improvement projects for productivity gains, quality improvements, and benefits to Anduril's quality policy.
* Stay current with new inspection technologies and techniques and recommend improvements to the inspection process
* Perform Verification of First Article Inspection (FAI) on incoming material and coordinate acceptance of FAI data submitted by suppliers.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience in a quality role
* Experience with production support and quality management
* Proficiency with computer-aided design (CAD) software and inspection data management software.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
* Attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
* Experience with Calibrated equipment (calipers, micrometers, CMM, Faro arm, OMM, etc.)
* Knowledge & understanding of dimensioning and tolerancing as per Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)
* Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings (wire diagrams, work instructions, CAD)
* Analyze inspection results and provide feedback to production, manufacturing engineering, and quality engineering departments.
* Experience in a facility with AS9100, ISO9001, IATF 16949 or similar QMS standard
* Detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight - strong ability to communicate with different cross functional teams.
* U.S. Person Status is required as this position needs to access controlled data

#### PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Technical or Associates degree in related quality/mechanical/aerospace engineering field
* IPC-A-610 or IPC-A-620 Certification
* ASQ Certified Quality Engineer, Quality Improvement Associate, or equivalent.
* Experience using investigative equipment such as x-ray inspection, digital characterization, material certificate of compliance, etc.
* Knowledge of 6 sigma, TQM, TPS, Lean, Low Rate Production
* Experience with inspection of Electrical and Electronic Components (Power Supplies, PCBs, wire-harnesses)
* Experience with Manufacturing processes and their related systems (Jira, MES, ERP, Teamcenter, CAD)
* Experience with auditing processes and procedures in a manufacturing environment
* Experience with communicating with suppliers and cross functional teams
* Experience with validation and testing assemblies and their components

US Hourly Range

$40—$53 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
