---
title: Senior Product Quality Engineer - Edge Compute and Comms
status: active
id: '5149541007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5149541007?gh_jid=5149541007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T08:20:21-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T12:11:07-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Quality Engineering : Product Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-59)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

As a **Sr Product Quality Engineer**, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable products. This role focuses on our Edge Compute and Communications product portfolio (products like Menace-I, Menace-X, Menace-T) with career growth opportunities as products develop. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, sub-system performance criteria, inspection and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive product improvement by implementing processes for data collection and incident reporting that will inform activities like detailed design reviews, process development, verification, validation, and qualification of processes and parts, and sub assemblies.
* Drive clarity & resolution for development ambiguities associated with product maturity, process stability, and field performance that impact the product meeting it's quality & reliability goals for volume production.
* Facilitate Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) activities for field and reliability issues. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Champion the transition from new product introduction (NPI) to a sustainable & predictable product experience for our customers.
* Own the elimination of product risk to improve reliability across the product lifecycle. Engage in quality activities from concept through development and manufacturing to field use.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities. Establish metrics for measuring quality and the factors that predict quality performance.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Support investigations, initiatives, and projects as needed, at the team or organization level.
* Develop and implement manufacturing requirements, quality standards, and product quality plans per category of component (castings, forgings, machined parts, electromechanical systems).  
  Cross functional leadership through design, manufacturing, quality, and reliability engineering to analyze process capability potential from the early design phase and direct design decisions based on data.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering or similar technical field
* 7+ years of experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in aerospace/defense or similar complex hardware environments, including Edge Compute, Communications, or electronics products.
* Proven experience leading root cause corrective action (RCCA) efforts for complex problems and issues, utilizing tools such as 8D, Lean Six Sigma, Fault Tree Analysis, and DMAIC methodologies.
* Strong working knowledge of design review and quality management of PCBA, harnessing, machined & sheet metal components, and weldment structures.
* Strong working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Verification & Validation (V&V) testing, Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), and Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements including Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA) and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Proven experience creating and managing a Program Quality Management Plan (QMP)
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects and teams from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experience with data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, etc.)
* Working knowledge of Configuration Management and Document Control
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to influence cross-functional teams and drive alignment on quality standards.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master's degree in a technical field
* 10+ years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Experience working under DoD Program of Records (PoR) requirements
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards
* Lean six sigma certification is preferred.
* Experience with government contracts and mil standard or other regulatory requirements.
* Experience with Teamcenter, Siemens NX, Jira, Foundry, Oracle, or Odoo.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
