---
title: Technical Program Manager - Radar
status: active
id: '5150729007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5150729007?gh_jid=5150729007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T17:18:32-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Radar'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-13)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Radar team is responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from the ideation stage through initial production.  The Radar team is seeking a technical program manager (TPM) to facilitate execution of its Radar development programs.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

The Technical Program Manager is responsible for overseeing the execution and delivery of ground-based radars products and ensuring they meet all technical, functional, and business requirements. This role requires an individual with a strong technical background in electronics and software, particularly within the radar and RF sensing domain, and experience managing complex projects with multiple sub-teams and many stakeholders. The Technical Program Manager will be the linchpin in ensuring that Anduril ground-based radars are developed in line with mission requirements and released on schedule.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Project Leadership and Strategy**:
  + Develop and maintain a detailed project execution plan for ground-based radar projects - including feature development, testing and validation, deployment, and monitoring.
  + Establish clear objectives and deliverables for our radar programs that align with stakeholder needs.
* **Technical Expertise:**
  + Maintain a deep understanding of radar hardware and software interface requirements to ensure that our radars integrate seamlessly customer systems.
  + Stay updated on the latest techniques and work with subject matter experts in incorporating relevant innovations into the project plan.
* **Documentation and Process Improvement**:
  + Ensure comprehensive documentation is maintained for the project, including technical specifications, user manuals, and project reports.
  + Continuously evaluate and improve project management processes to increase efficiency and effectiveness.
* **Release Management**:
  + Oversee the planning of hardware and software releases ensuring that deployment is carried out smoothly and efficiently.
  + Work with engineering teams to ensure that all releases meet the defined quality standards before deployment.
* **Stakeholder Communication**:
  + Serve as the primary point of contact for all project-related communications, internally across teams and externally with stakeholders.
  + Regularly update stakeholders on project status, risks, and milestones through reports and presentations.
* **Resource Allocation**:
  + Assess and and plan for necessary resources, including personnel, software, and hardware, to ensure the project is successfully executed.
  + Monitor resource utilization and make adjustments as needed to avoid bottlenecks or resource constraints.
* **Risk Management**:
  + Identify potential risks and develop mitigation strategies with the subject matter experts to minimize impact on the project timeline and deliverables.
  + Regularly review and update the risk management plan to reflect changes in the project landscape.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration**:
  + Work with other divisions and departments to ensure our radars supports the program priorities and meets all integration requirements.
  + Facilitate effective communication and collaboration between the Battlespace Awareness business line and other stakeholders to promote a unified approach to program execution.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical field.
* Extensive project management experience, preferably in radar, RF sensing, EW or related field.
* Demonstrable understanding of Radar signal processing, antennas and RF, phased arrays.
* Excellent leadership, team management, and interpersonal skills.
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities.
* Experience with tools like JIRA, Confluence, and GitHub
* Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
* Ability to manage high-pressure situations and tight deadlines.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance.

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
