---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer
status: active
id: '5150294007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5150294007?gh_jid=5150294007
lastmod: '2026-06-23T09:06:01-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T09:06:01-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Rocket Motor Systems Production : Manufacturing Engineer - FRP'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Manufacturing Engineer to join our team. The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead the development and implementation of multiple complex manufacturing processes from concept to design
* Develop novel processing solutions for assembly of solid fuel rocket motors at high volumes
* Establish engineering standards and best practices
* Independently evaluate and recommend significant capital equipment with ROI analysis
* Manage CapEx projects from concept to implementation
* Control project budgets of significant scale with on-time and on-budget delivery
* Develop process flows, simplifying complex and critical operations into user friendly operations that maintain exceedingly high levels of safety and quality.
* Write documentation required for successfully manufacturing their hardware at scale, such as work instructions, quality plans, inspection requirements, etc.
* Work with contract manufacturers across various disciplines to develop repeatable, sustained processes for quick-turn development as well as at-scale production
* Work with technicians and other engineers hands-on, developing production ready processes
* Mentor and guide new engineers
* Manage and optimize established full rate production processes
* Communicate complex technical concepts across all levels of the organization
* Travel to suppliers to do initial sourcing work, solve ongoing production issues, and implement quality procedures as needed

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field such as engineering, math, or a hard science
* 10+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing or product processing
* Demonstrated ability to creatively deliver processes and products on time in a safe manner that meets or exceeds the required parameters defined by the product
* Demonstrated continuous improvement and process development skills and techniques
* Personal experience physically manufacturing hardware via any means (machining, fabrication, soldering, assembly, etc.) Work on personal or extracurricular projects is a plus.
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and thirst for learning
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High rate production experience with safety critical industries
* Hands-on experience solid fuel rocket motors
* New product development experience
* Factory commissioning experience
* Demonstrated experience with large and complex CapEx projects

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
