---
title: Inventory Associate, Shipping & Receiving
status: active
id: '5151125007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5151125007?gh_jid=5151125007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T12:37:32-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T01:41:08-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production : Warehousing & Transportation'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Inventory Associate, Shipping & Receiving (internally known as Materials Associate) to join our rapidly growing team in Quonset, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for supporting our production and business growth through the material management and inventory flow. The right person for this role demonstrates strong ownership and ability to solve operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This person will be flexible to provide support wherever needed to ensure products are shipped and received under stringent quality standards to ensure.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Process shipping and receiving at our Quincy, MA and/or Quonset, RI locations as needed
* Prepare finished stock for shipment by identifying, pulling, packing, crating, labeling, loading, and securing product
* Prepare all documentation for outbound shipments: Bill of Lading, Packing List and Commercial Invoice as required
* Key person to ensure material movement across sites is accurately transacted for each move
* Ensure orderly production and distribution of products by pulling orders from inventory, delivering production materials and supplies where needed, and staging finished product for final distribution
* Complete cycle counts with a focus on reconciliation of all discrepancies
* Conduct all warehouse activities with safety and inventory accuracy as a top priorities
* Maintain inventory by identifying, labeling, and keeping materials and supplies in stock, recording location of inventory, and reporting shortages
* Operate forklifts, pallet jacks, and other machinery to move items, or signal machine operators to move materials onto and off trucks and loading docks
* Courier inventory as needed between Anduril’ s sites in Quincy, MA and Quonset, RI
* Expedite flow of material, parts, and assemblies within or between departments in accordance with production and shipping schedules

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2+ years as a warehouse associate or equivalent role
* Valid driver’s license
* 1+ years forklift experience, forklift certification preferred
* Familiarity with Material Resource Planning (MRP) systems and/or other warehouse management systems and inventory control tooling
* Familiarity with Inventory Management through lot/serial/batch tracking
* Excellent customer service skills
* Able to adapt in fast-paced environments
* Ability to prioritize tasks efficiently and effectively
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working in the defense/aerospace industry
* Familiarity with Microsoft Office or equivalent office management tooling
* Experience packaging and handling hazardous shipments

**US Hourly Range**

Materials Associate: $22 - $28.84/hour  
Senior Materials Associate: $25 - $33/hour  
  
Your job level will be tailored to your individual qualifications, including your job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
