---
title: DevOps Engineer
status: active
id: '5151916007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5151916007?gh_jid=5151916007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T19:34:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T15:50:32-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Classified Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**We are looking for a DevOps Engineer to join our rapidly growing AIS team in Reston, VA. In this role, you will be responsible for automating the software delivery and operations across multiple classified programs. You will help guide the development and implementation of robust DevOps strategies, practices and tools. This will require hands on experience with Infrastructure as Code tools Ansible or Teraform, experience building and managing Virtual Machines, and experience orchestrating builds while understanding containers.

* Help guide the development and implementation of robust DevOps strategies, practices, and tools.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate DevOps best practices into the software development lifecycle.
* Design, deploy, and manage automated testing and deployment processes.
* Implement approaches to deploying and operating software on air-gapped and isolated networks.
* Create, tune, and maintain continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines.
* Integrate open source, commercial, and Anduril-internal tooling to create effective solutions for software delivery
* Provide expertise in containerization and orchestration technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
* Implement and manage infrastructure as code (IaC) using tools such as Terraform or Ansible, etc.
* Monitor and enhance system reliability, performance, and security.

**MUST HAVE REQUIREMENTS:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Proven experience in a DevOps role, demonstrating initiative and innovation.
* Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python, Bash, or PowerShell.
* Strong expertise in CI/CD tools (e.g., Jenkins, GitLab CI, Travis CI, Circle CI, Argo CD).
* In-depth knowledge of version control systems (e.g., Git).
* Experience with IaC tools (e.g., Ansible, Terraform, Puppet, Chef).
* Hands-on experience deploying and managing software in air-gapped environments.
* Solid understanding of networking, security, and system administration.
* Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Certifications such as AWS Certified DevOps Engineer, Docker Certified Associate, or Kubernetes Administrator.
* Experience with microservices architecture.
* Familiarity with monitoring and logging tools (e.g., Prometheus, ELK stack).
* Knowledge of Agile methodologies.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
