---
title: Logistics Program Manager
status: active
id: '5151840007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5151840007?gh_jid=5151840007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T15:11:03-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T15:11:03-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Logistics Program Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Deployments Team manages the coordination and execution of fielding Anduril’s hardware and software products worldwide. Working across Product, Engineering, Growth, Business Development, Technical Operations, and Mission Operations, Deployments oversees forward logistics, site installation, maintenance & repairs, field inventory management, sustainment and reverse logistics. The team is central to ensuring effective customer and mission success, shaping the future of Anduril’s defense solutions.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

We are seeking an Logistics Program Manager to oversee all aspects of lifecycle logistics operations from conceptualization through completion, ensuring quality, business, and financial objectives are met. This will require a breadth of understanding both commercial and military logistics, the ability to work across teams seamlessly, and a deep appreciation for details. For this position, we are searching for an individual who can bring experience working on government programs to Anduril and help us continue to scale our capabilities in government and DoD logistics.  
  
A successful candidate will thrive at the intersection of logistics, technical operations, program management, and cross-functional projects. You will build collaborative relationships with internal and external stakeholders, and ensure on-time, successful deployments in support of critical missions around the world. This is a unique opportunity for a seasoned logistician with a passion for national security and cutting-edge technology.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Lead & Scale Logistics Operations:** 
  + Manage all aspects of logistics operations from initial acquisition through post-deployment sustainment, ensuring that all logistical elements are executed seamlessly.
  + Create, manage, and coordinate Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs) to ensure all logistics documentation meets contractual and operational requirements.
  + Collaborate closely with engineering teams to establish design concepts and criteria, ensuring that logistical considerations are integrated into product development and deployment strategies.
  + Develop and refine SOPs and processes that drive operational excellence, efficiency, and consistency across deployments.
* **Stakeholder Engagement**
  + Serve as the main owner of all logistics and sustainment issues, ensuring that all concerns are addressed promptly and effectively with the key stakeholders.
  + Influence, and coordinate the preparation of proposals, business plans, proposal work statements and specifications, operating budgets, and financial terms/conditions of contract(s). Influence contract acquisitions, negotiations, and modifications.
  + Maintain clear and effective communication with internal teams and external stakeholders, including government representatives, to ensure alignment and transparency on logistics matters.
* **Team & Resource Management**
  + Provide leadership and maintain high standards of excellence within the logistics team, fostering a culture of innovation and continuous improvement.
  + Lead initiatives to continuously improve logistics processes, reducing inefficiencies and enhancing reliability and performance.
  + Identify and resolve obstacles, leveraging both strategic and scrappy solutions to maintain deployment timelines according to contract.
* **Processes & Problem Solving**
  + Evaluate deployment processes and performance metrics, driving continuous improvement initiatives to reduce costs, eliminate inefficiencies, and enhance reliability.
  + Champion the development of new tools, techniques, and methods that streamline logistics, field operations, and installation processes.
  + Embrace a hands-on approach to problem-solving, demonstrating a willingness to roll up your sleeves and tackle challenges directly to ensure mission success.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering, science, business/operations, or a related technical field. Equivalent experience may be substituted in lieu of education.
* 5+ years of progressively complex operations and program management experience, with at least 2 years in a managerial capacity (leading multi-disciplinary teams).
* Demonstrated technical and leadership acumen. Deep expertise in operations, logistics, and large-scale deployment management principles.
* Strong leadership skills, including organizing, planning, scheduling, and coordinating workloads to meet rigorous deadlines and milestones.
* Excellent communication, leadership, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other departments, all levels of management, professional and support staff, customers, potential customers, and government representatives.
* Customer-focused mindset with a track record of delivering high-quality results in fast-paced or ambiguous environments.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with direct US Government or Military program offices is desired.
* Government proposal experience is desired.
* Experience working with the U.S. Air Force and/or missile programs.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
