---
title: Product Line Chief Engineer
status: active
id: '5152403007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5152403007?gh_jid=5152403007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T20:04:24-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T11:48:06-04:00'
location: Huntsville, Alabama, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering : Chief Engineering'
offices:
- Huntsville, AL
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Product Line Lead, you will provide technical and project execution leadership to solid rocket products throughout their lifecycle, from cradle-to-grave. You will technically manage one of our Solid Rocket Motor Product Lines such as Medium Tactical Motors. The right person for this role has direct, hands-on experience with the development of solid rocket motors from concept to production, deep technical understanding of solid rocket motor design and production, and excellent project management skills. If you are a hands-on leader, have an entrepreneurial spirit, and enjoy being the point person for getting multiple project across the finish line, then this role is for you.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead solid rocket motor programs from concept into production.
* Own the program—have full authority and responsibility for its execution.
* Generate program plans and execute to them.
* Be the “face of the product” with internal and external customers.
* Manage the day-to-day activities of multiple interdisciplinary technical teams.
* Coordinate activities with other Anduril Rocket Motor Systems organizations outside of Engineering, such as Manufacturing Operations and Supply Chain.
* Drive commonality and cost reduction efforts across your assigned product line.
* Develop and execute to technical road maps for each of your products
* Work with Integration engineers to ensure products are transitioned appropriately to programs.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A minimum of 10 years’ experience with the design, development, and manufacture of solid rocket motors.
* Strong technical background in mechanical design, internal ballistics, structural analysis, or thermal analysis.
* Strong project planning and management skills.
* Well-versed in the application of systems engineering, particularly risk management and requirements management.
* Ability to travel to other Anduril sites, customer sites, or supplier sites as business demands. Anticipated 25% travel.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Advanced degree (masters or doctorate) in engineering or engineering management.
* Experience with solid works CAD software and/or Abaqus FEA software.
* Ability to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret Security Clearance.

US Salary Range

$165,000—$218,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
