---
title: Director of Facilities
status: active
id: '5152154007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5152154007?gh_jid=5152154007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T11:16:05-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is looking for a Director of Facilities - SoCal to oversee multiple sites across the Southern California region. The candidate will be responsible for managing all aspects of facility operations, including workplace services, space planning, facilities maintenance, and construction projects for the SoCal region, including our 600k+ square-foot headquarters. They will lead build a team of professionals and ensure that all facilities support the company's strategic objectives and operational needs. This role requires a blend of strategic vision, operational excellence, and a people-centric approach to managing a dynamic work environment.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO** 

* Oversee the operations and maintenance of all facility sites in the designated regions ensuring a seamless experience for employees and visitors.
* Manage direct reports responsible for workplace services, facility operations, and construction projects.
* Long-term strategy: Develop and implement plans for future facility needs, renovations, consolidation, and expansions.
* Set an example for the broader Anduril portfolio through setting standards for construction, operation, and maintenance.
* Lead facility-related projects, including renovations, expansions, and new construction, from conception to completion.
* Manage operating costs, track expenditures and ensure cost-effectiveness.
* Responsible for vendor contracts, including negotiation, selection, and performance evaluation.
* Coordinate with cross-functional teams for space planning, utilization, and optimization.
* Regularly assess the performance of the facilities department, promoting a culture of excellence and a high level of customer service.
* Ensure all location’s services such as security, cleaning, catering, and transportation, meet the highest standards.
* Demonstrate exceptional proficiency in communication: skillfully managing Slack channels, promptly responding to messages, standing up project plans and communication cadences as necessary.
* Demonstrate both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years experience in facility or campus management, preferably in a large corporate setting with exposure to hardware, production, or tech sector.
* Excellent communication and negotiation skills.
* Must be highly organized, proactive, and responsive with strong organizational skills.
* Exceptional experience planning, coordinating and executing multiple client needs.
* Experience developing and maintaining excellent working relationships with internal teams, customers, and business units.
* Commitment to customer service and creating a positive work environment.
* Data-driven with the ability to break down and solve problems through quantitative thinking and analysis.
* Comfortable with technology and facility management systems.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field is preferred, along with 5 years of work experience, or an equivalent combination of experience in Workplace, Design, Construction, or Project Management.
* Adept at swiftly adapting to changes in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
