---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer, Surveillance Tower
status: active
id: '5153032007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5153032007?gh_jid=5153032007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T13:01:33-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering : Sentry Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Air and Ground Deterrence (AGD) Division develops integrated robotic systems designed to provide multi-domain situational awareness and force protection across land, sea, and air. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly detect and identify potential threats. close the kill chain against a broad range of Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) threats.  
  
Working across product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success, the multidisciplinary Sentry Hardware team with AGD serves as the key system integrator of the Anduril Sentry Family of Systems (FoS). In particular, the Sentry Electrical Engineering Team drives end-to-end development, from electrical architecture and ruggedized hardware design to verification, integration, and test, ensuring scalable, production and mission-ready solutions that meet the performance, reliability, and survivability demands of the U.S. Military and other key stakeholders.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Sentry Engineering team builds hardware products and systems that leverage artificial intelligence to provide highly accurate, persistent autonomous awareness across land, sea and air. With an AI-enabled edge processing, continuous 360 pan / tilt capability, and a variety of radars and sensors, Sentry can autonomously identify, detect, and track objects of interest to bring increased awareness to borders, military bases, oil and gas pipelines, airports and other critical infrastructure.  
  
We are looking for a **Senior** **Electrical Engineer** to join our rapidly growing team in **Irvine, CA**. This role will own rapidly developed, ruggedized electronics design in addition to scaling legacy design concepts to support full-rate production. In this role, you will partner with our Architecture and Product Management team to help drive system requirements prior to owning full PCB and/or electrical system design. This will require identifying high risk areas, creating and validating electronics designs for embedded compute and/or power systems, and testing for long term-reliability while considering manufacturability and testability in the design.  
  
If you are someone who enjoys designing mission-critical electrical circuit cards and integrated systems with the freedom to drive product development from often undefined requirements then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Take ownership as the main point of contact for electrical integration activities.
* Provide hands on and in-field support of prototype and production level product.
* Collaborate with mechanical engineers to optimize selection, design and integration of high power components, modules and distribution.
* Trade-off component and module selections against size, weight, power and EMC requirements.
* Collaborate with design team to achieve reliability goals at a system level in context of concepts of operation.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* **Minimum 8+ years of professional experience**
* Self starter with the ability to design digital & analog electronics from concept and functional prototype, to production ready product.
* Ability to troubleshoot existing hardware to find root cause of issues and implement improvements to improve the design.
* Develop clear documentation to capture design requirements, specifications, test coverage, and test reports.
* Complete full cycle PCB design including collecting requirements, schematic design, component selection, completion of layout, bring-up, test, debug, validation, characterization, and integration with the system.
* Work closely with other mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products.
* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware.
* Concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* **8+ years** of experience designing, testing and troubleshooting complex board designs and products.
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, thermal chambers, current-probes, and automation of tests.
* Familiarity with switch mode power supply design and testing.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Familiarity with common MCU, CPU, FPGA devices and technologies.
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits.
* Exceptional organization and communication skills (both written and oral).
* Proficient with Altium Designer or equivalent electronic design automation design tools.
* Proficiency with scripting languages (Python, Matlab, etc.)
* Ability to root cause Full stack HLOS application to hardware component level issues.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
