---
title: Senior Compensation Partner, Manufacturing
status: active
id: '5153798007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5153798007?gh_jid=5153798007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T19:39:07-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T19:39:07-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'People : People Operations : Compensation'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

At Anduril, we're not just disrupting defense technology – we're revolutionizing how we value and compensate the brilliant minds behind our innovations. We're seeking a Sr. Compensation Partner to architect the future of our compensation strategy and support our continued hyper growth at our Arsenal-1 Ohio Production headquarters.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* You will drive Anduril’s success by bringing your compensation expertise to our leadership team and helping us scale.
* Utilize and combine your prior high growth company experience, quantitative rigor, business mindset, and communication skills to serve as a strategic advisor to our People Business Partners.
* Partner with Senior Leaders and People Business Partners to drive and ensure the success of Anduril’s compensation programs for Manufacturing including Production, Supply Chain, and Engineering teams at Arsenal-1.
* Guide People Business Partners and leadership teams throughout annual and mid-year compensation planning cycles specific to our Arsenal-1 population.
* Design, implement, and manage comprehensive compensation programs, including salary structures, incentive plans, and equity compensation, aligned with organizational strategy and market trends.
* Lead job evaluation processes, conduct market pricing analyses, and ensure internal equity and external competitiveness across all job families and levels.
* Partner closely with leadership and HR teams to resolve complex compensation issues, support strategic decision-making, and drive the implementation of compensation initiatives across the organization.
* Work closely with our People Operations team during our annual & midyear compensation cycles including implementation, budgets, UAT testing and spearhead data integrity.
* Lead change management and communications of compensation practices with managers, team members, and across the People Team.
* Build strong partnerships with the Production/Manufacturing Division Leads, People Business Partner, Talent, Payroll, Legal, Stock, Finance and Accounting teams as well as our 3rd party vendors.
* You work closely with and interrogate compensation data, to form data driven guidance to People Business Partners and Leaders.
* You’re a proactive motivated problem solver; offering to fill skill gaps and offer solutions; we'd rather tell you slow down than accelerate.
* You enjoy working at a place where no one minds if you leave early one day to go to an appointment or run an errand, but you also don’t mind responding to Slacks in the evening while you’re watching Netflix.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience working in Compensation in roles.
* Experience with job architecture, leveling guides and market analytics to ensure competitive compensation practices.
* Experience working with internal stakeholders and executive leadership.
* Strong analytical skills with the ability to translate data and trends into key insights and recommendations.
* Proven ability to track, prioritize and drive to success multiple projects with a strong operational background.
* Passionate about educating, mentoring and teaching partners the values and business impact behind compensation strategies.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Prior experience in a high growth, hyper scaling startup building compensation programs from the ground up including knowledge in the Manufacturing/Production hourly workforce.
* Prior experience leading compensation initiatives through Mergers & Acquisitions is highly desired.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$183,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
