---
title: Division Operations Lead (UK)
status: active
id: '5154134007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5154134007?gh_jid=5154134007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T05:33:04-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T05:33:04-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Business Operations'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking for someone to lead our Division Operations function in the UK. This role will be integral to executing on existing programs in country and setting the foundation for future business growth. Anduril differentiates its self by moving faster than the legacy defense industry, and you will be critical to making that speed happen  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Partner with Division and Anduril UK leadership to build out and run the business operations machine for our organisation, enabling efficient recruiting, facility and infrastructure standup, and allocation of resources as the organisation scales.
* Support our corporate planning cycle by building and managing the local business operations functions such as monitor performance against goals, financial plans, and headcount plans so we can hit our aggressive growth targets.
* Work with Product Engineering and Test and Evaluation teams to find and close operations gaps and ensure seamless execution of program schedule.
* Serve as liaison to Anduril US and UK for international trade and export compliance matters for import and export requirements
* Regularly monitor and analyse recruiting, staffing, and financial progress against plans and provide recommendations to leadership for resource planning and reallocation
* Work with Anduril’s Business Operations, Analytics, and Finance teams to build out infrastructure to enable the Division to monitor and optimise the demand vs supply of resourcing across our most critical programs
* Lead various strategic initiatives and projects as directed by leadership and the Head of Division Operations, ensuring they align with the overall business strategy and objectives
* Coordinate and prepare for executive leadership meetings with partners and customers, including setting agendas, tracking action items, and ensuring follow-through.
* Provide connective tissue between business planning and production programs
* Manage Contract’s and Teaming Agreement Governance Requirements between Anduril and other major stakeholders.
* Develop fundamental knowledge of Anduril product solutions to support regional growth and capture activities

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* You have 5+ years of experience in consulting, operations, finance, or general business analysis.
* You have a strong background in executing business operations and driving outcomes
* Strong ability to communicate, both verbally and in writing, key business and program execution
* You have strong fundamentals in operational accounting and finance
* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time translating operational problems into data problems, and to then going and executing on them
* You’re discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* You’re tactical and don’t only sit at a 30,000 foot level
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance in United Kingdom

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience working at or with Aerospace & Defence companies, Robotics, Technology, or other manufacturing heavy companies directly or in an advisory capacity
* Experience working at a startup or ability to establish processes and SOPs from scratch

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
