---
title: Financial Analyst, Production
status: active
id: '5155165007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155165007?gh_jid=5155165007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T11:19:54-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T11:19:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The manufacturing finance team is responsible for overseeing the financial execution of our Global Manufacturing Organization. We are the intersection between engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, and finance; we leverage data and business relationships to drive towards the best financial outcome for Anduril. You get to partner with Anduril’s functional and business leaders by providing key insights on demand signals, production attainment, resource allocation, and Product profitability.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Financial Analyst with 3-6 years of experience to join our Manufacturing Finance team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in financial modeling, experience in operations or hardware environments, and will be capable of building strong business relations with internal customers. This individual will partner directly with the senior leadership team across Manufacturing to help drive strategic decision-making and optimizing financial performance. The successful candidate will play an active role in shaping strategy rather than functioning solely as a service provider – the deeper you go the better your results.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* End to end financial management of multiple Manufacturing functions: including, but not limited to, headcount, cash/working capital, ODC, and material spend.
* Establish transparency into Global Manufacturing costs across Supply Chain, Facilities, Sustainment, and Manufacturing Engineering.
* Work cross functionally with Division Finance and Manufacturing Functional teams to own consolidation of Product Revenue and costing models, business case analyses, and decision making frameworks.
* Build novel financial frameworks for thinking through operational decisions, including but not limited to manufacturing, supply chain, etc.
* Perform in-depth quantitative analyses including variance analysis (actuals vs. budget/forecast/prior), trend analysis, scenario modeling, and root-cause investigations to identify performance drivers and risks.
* Support cross-functional teams with tradeoff studies to achieve sustainable unit economics.
* Develop complex financial models to assess various financial scenarios and support strategic initiatives.
* Adopt Standardized data model, but tailor to the needs of your respective stakeholders
* Identify and implement process improvements to streamline FP&A activities and enhance reporting accuracy.
* Lead the development of executive-level reporting and present financial insights to senior management.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Finance, Economics, or a related field; MBA or technical background (Engineering/Supply Chain/Operations) is a plus.
* You have 3-6 years of experience in manufacturing finance, FP&A, management consulting, investment banking, or similar.
* You have a strong understanding of financial and accounting concepts.
* Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey complex financial information in an understandable manner.
* You have strong analytical aptitude. You intuitively think about problems in terms of numbers.

+ You are able to quickly execute analyses in Excel & translate findings to business partners
+ You are willing to learn how to use corporate systems(e.g. Salesforce, Coupa, Anaplan) and analytic / dashboarding tools (e.g. Palantir Foundry)

* You are comfortable communicating broadly and having a lot of eyes on your work. This role can at-times require comms to large groups and senior leadership.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.

US Salary Range

$98,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
