---
title: Legal Counsel, Supply Chain
status: active
id: '5155860007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155860007?gh_jid=5155860007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T16:26:56-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Legal : Legal'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril operates at a relentless pace. Consistent with this high-velocity environment, members of Anduril’s Legal team must be exceptionally resourceful, proactive, and eager to take immediate ownership. This role demands a highly efficient legal professional with a relentless drive to manage a substantial volume of transactional work and move projects forward at an aggressive pace. You will leverage outstanding negotiating, drafting, and project management skills to support and efficiently finalize a high volume of transactions on extremely tight timelines, all with a singular focus on enabling Anduril to deploy its path-making technology. Our team thrives on leveraging innovative solutions and advanced IT tools to enhance efficiency and collaboration, and we expect the same from our new team member.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Legal team is seeking a highly motivated and exceptionally efficient Legal Counsel, Supply Chain to join our growing team of supply chain lawyers. In this high-volume, fast-paced role, you will be an integral legal partner to our supply chain, quality, and operations teams, empowering them to rapidly develop, procure, manufacture, and deliver Anduril products at scale. Your primary focus will be to skillfully execute and oversee a continuous flow of essential procurement agreements, including purchase orders (POs), statements of work (SOWs), master service agreements (MSAs), non-disclosure agreements (NDAs), and other critical supplier contracts, ensuring both speed and robust compliance.  
  
You will not only provide rapid-fire legal guidance and support on issues related to procurement of goods and services, logistics, and supplier management, but also actively educate and equip our business partners with the tools and knowledge to confidently navigate contracting processes and compliance requirements independently. This includes providing practical advice on regulatory compliance matters, particularly those related to government contracting (FAR, DFARS) and their impact on the supply chain. This role demands significant expertise in transactional supply chain law, a proactive teaching mindset, and a relentless drive to facilitate quick, compliant, and impactful business operations.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Be an active and integral member of Anduril’s dynamic Legal team, providing critical legal support to the supply chain organization.
* Skillfully draft, review, and negotiate a high volume of transactional agreements including purchase orders (POs), statements of work (SOWs), master service agreements (MSAs), non-disclosure agreements (NDAs), and other essential supplier and vendor contracts, ensuring rapid and compliant execution.
* Actively partner with and empower the supply chain, quality, and operations teams, by providing practical training, developing user-friendly playbooks, templates, and self-service tools, enabling them to confidently navigate day-to-day contracting and compliance.
* Drive efficiency by establishing, refining, and implementing legal frameworks, SOPs, and process improvements to streamline reviews and support exponential growth, often leveraging technology.
* Ensure strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to supply chain management, including all FAR and DFARS contractual flowdowns, certifications, and other government contracting requirements.
* Participate in the oversight and validation of all supply chain and quality-related compliance processes, providing proactive guidance.
* Collaborate closely with our trade compliance team to ensure adherence to customs, export controls, sanctions, and trade laws impacting the supply chain.
* Maintain strong cross-functional relationships to ensure compliance with cybersecurity, physical security, and sourcing restriction requirements across the supply chain.
* Support internal investigations and the efficient resolution of disputes or litigations related to supply chain issues.
* Collaborate with internal stakeholders to develop and implement proactive supply chain compliance strategies and policies.
* Develop and continuously improve Anduril’s representations and certifications to government and non-government entities through close integration with the larger Legal and Supply Chain teams.
* Keep abreast of legislative changes, industry best practices, and technological advancements that may affect the supply chain and the broader business.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Juris Doctor (JD) degree from a top-tier accredited law school.
* A minimum of 5 years of highly relevant experience as a lawyer, with a strong transactional focus on supply chain, procurement, commercial contracts, or trade law, ideally within a manufacturing or technology environment.
* At least 2+ years of direct experience with FAR/DFARS supply chain compliance, certifications, and flowdown requirements (or demonstrable equivalent experience with UK, AUS, or EU defense procurement regulations).
* Active membership in good standing with the bar in at least one U.S. state, with the ability to become authorized to practice in California (e.g., through California Bar membership or California Registered In-House Counsel status).
* Exceptional efficiency and ability to manage a very high volume of essential transactional legal work (e.g., POs, MSAs, SOWs) with speed, precision, and a pragmatic, business-oriented approach.
* Proven ability to thrive in a high-volume, rapidly evolving environment, expertly juggling a substantial portfolio of diverse projects and driving them to completion with urgency and precision.
* Demonstrated capacity to go above and beyond, anticipating needs, proactively identifying solutions, and taking initiative to overcome obstacles to ensure project momentum and strategic outcomes.
* High level of proficiency with legal research platforms, contract lifecycle management systems, and other collaboration/project management software. Adept at leveraging IT solutions for legal workflow optimization and efficiency, and immediately productive with common tools like Slack, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). Formal training on IT tools will not be provided.
* Superior negotiation, drafting, and verbal communication skills with meticulous attention to detail.
* Ability to provide clear, pragmatic, and business-focused risk analyses and recommendations to business partners and leadership.
* Willing and able to work in Anduril’s Costa Mesa, California or Washington, D.C. office.
* Willingness to travel up to 25% of the time as needed for business purposes.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Deep experience with U.S. government contracting, including comprehensive knowledge of FAR/DFARS (including Other Transaction Agreements) contract compliance obligations and DoD business systems/purchasing requirements.
* Experience with Aerospace & Defense companies, Robotics, Technology, or other manufacturing-heavy companies.
* Experience working at a start-up or ability to establish processes and SOPs from scratch in a rapidly scaling environment.
* 7-10 years experience partnering directly with Supply Chain and Operations teams.
* In-house experience strongly preferred.
* Active security clearance (or ability to obtain one).

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
