---
title: 2026 Real Estate & Facilities Analyst Early Career
status: active
id: '5155143007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155143007?gh_jid=5155143007
lastmod: '2026-06-03T19:31:51-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T18:41:44-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Anduril RE&F team is looking for leaders to join its inaugural Emerging Leadership Rotational Program in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will develop a comprehensive understanding of how Anduril's Real Estate & Facilities team works to connect-the-dots and drive the company forward. You will gain hands-on experience across four core finance teams: Strategic Real Estate, Design & Construction, Central Ops, and Facilities and establish a foundational knowledge base and critical skills that will be a springboard for your career. We are looking for problem solvers with impeccable analytical abilities and a high degree of adaptability. If you are a highly motivated recent grad, who is eager to learn and make a visible impact, this program is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Rotate through four key operations teams over 12 months (~3 months each): Strategic Real Estate, Design & Construction, Central Ops, and Facilities. You'll support complex construction project management, build analysis to support real estate decisions, support space planning, and enable critical technical infrastructure to help our department work better as we scale.
* Translate complex project charters into actionable insights through executive presentations, dashboards, and written reports. You'll present findings in regular team syncs and monthly business reviews, making recommendations that drive strategic initiatives. Develop your storytelling skills by learning to communicate the "so what" behind the numbers to both real estate and non-real estate stakeholders.
* Join a cohort of high-potential early-career professionals with access to structured mentorship
* Drive measurable improvements in day-to-day operations, collaborating on cross-functional projects with Real Estate, Finance, Construction and Operations teams. Through this work, you’ll establish a deep understanding of how real estate & facilities partners across the business.
* Successfully complete the 12-month program through demonstrated project management acumen, stakeholder collaboration, and project delivery, while receiving regular feedback. Program participants are expected to graduate into full-time roles and hit-the-ground running within Real Estate & Facilities while providing continuity and mentorship for our next cohort of emerging leaders.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATION

* Recent or upcoming graduate with a Bachelor's degree in Real Estate, Business, Architecture, Finance or a related quantitative field.
* Demonstrated strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a firm grasp of fundamental corporate operations and principles learned through coursework.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a natural ability to collaborate and build relationships in a fast-paced team environment.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States.
* Must be able to start on **August 10, 2026**

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATION

* Prior internship experience in a corporate finance, real estate, or construction services role.
* Demonstrated leadership potential through extracurricular activities, academic projects, or work experience.
* Familiarity with systems & tools such as CAD, Bluebeam, Archibus, etc.

US Salary Range

$59,000—$80,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
