---
title: Chief Architect, EW
status: active
id: '5155018007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155018007?gh_jid=5155018007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T17:16:13-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T12:02:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : EW Architecture'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**POSITION OVERVIEW**

As the Chief Program Engineer, you will serve as the primary technical authority and engineering leader for Anduril’s advanced RF, RADAR, and EW product lines. You will bridge the gap between high-level program management and deep-dive technical execution, guiding a multidisciplinary engineering team to design, test, and deploy next-generation capabilities. In this role, you will define the technical vision, manage engineering risks, and ensure our systems seamlessly integrate with Lattice OS to deliver unparalleled capabilities to the warfighter in record time.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Technical Leadership: Serve as the chief engineer and technical authority, direct the design and implementation of system, sub-system, advanced algorithms and techniques for RWR/ECM systems within the program scope.
* Coordinate across engineering disciplines to ensure the system requirements and design are properly and thoroughly defined, captured. and executed
* Collaborate closely with the Portfolio Chief Engineer/Architect to align product architecture, program deliverables with the broader technology roadmap, drive engineering standardization, and optimize shared technical resources.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with Electronic Warfare systems.
* Experience with leading engineering execution for design, development and test of RADAR- Electronic Support Measures (ESM) and Electronic Counter Measure (ECM).
* Experience with leading and coordinating cross-functional engineering teams.
* Experience executing technical millstones (Concept Review, SRR, PDR, CDR, TRR, etc.) and ensures readiness.
* Deep understanding of ECM architecture-signal processing, M&S, SW/FW-techniques, RF/EE/Antenna design.
* Excellent at balancing multiple projects at any given time and/or managing a larger team for a larger program.
* Enthusiastic about both working with a team and executing some work individually (depending on program scope).
* Some travel required.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret/Top Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Masters or PhD degree in Electrical, Electronics, Computer Engineering, or related fields.
* Experience with CUDA or GPU accelerated frameworks like cuSignal.
* Familiar with deep learning algorithms. Experience with ML frameworks such as TensorFlow and PyTorch is a plus.
* Experience with embedded devices, including FPGA, Nvidia Jetson, and Software Defined Radios.
* Expertise in Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) and/or Inverse SAR (ISAR): Image formation, waveforms, phenomenology, modeling and simulation.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
