---
title: Senior Cloud Security Engineer
status: active
id: '5155253007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155253007?gh_jid=5155253007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T12:45:07-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Seattle, Washington, United States;
  Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Information Security : Security Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Security Engineering team is looking for a security engineer to focus on building world class defensive controls to protect the infrastructure around our advanced defense technology products. In this role, you'll design and implement advanced security architecture that protects our global network while serving as a critical security partner across the enterprise.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

+ Architect and implement defensive security controls across cloud, network, production, and corporate infrastructure
+ Build systems and tooling to improve automation, visibility, and threat detection across security and infrastructure teams
+ Conduct security architecture and design reviews for systems, applications, and network environments
+ Support the deployment, configuration, and maintenance of security tools and controls across cloud and on-prem environments
+ Independently drive security initiatives and foster a security-first mindset across the organization
+ Work closely with partner teams to review designs and use-cases, ensuring environments are secure by design

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ Programming ability in one or more general purpose languages (Python, Go, Rust, etc.)
+ Experience with one or more infrastructure as code languages (e.g., Terraform, AWS CDK) in a production capacity
+ Expertise in AWS, Azure, or GCP ecosystems and security tooling
+ Experience conducting security architecture or design reviews for applications and network environments
+ Solid understanding of modern adversary tradecraft and defensive mitigation strategies
+ Experience with cloud platforms and deploying applications through CI/CD pipelines
+ Experience developing and implementing defensive controls across network, endpoint, and cloud environments
+ Ability to work autonomously, take ownership of complex projects, and collaborate across teams
+ Have participated in or supported incident response events
+ Eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ Experience building bespoke solutions in high-growth, high-complexity environments
+ Experience with log aggregation, secrets management, or endpoint security tools
+ Strong experience with Linux operating systems
+ Experience with network-based defensive controls in corporate and industrial production environments

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
