---
title: Engineering Project Manager, Maritime
status: active
id: '5155408007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5155408007?gh_jid=5155408007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T21:00:07-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T20:47:52-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Program & Product Management'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.  
  
We are seeking an **Engineering Project Manager** to join Anduril, working in a cutting-edge start-up environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in subsea robotics.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Contribute to Copperhead product roadmap content and help to sequence and plan efforts to onboard new capability
* Collaborate with Copperhead program management and technical leadership on schedule development and updates
* Run design reviews, manage schedule and resources, and scope and manage subsystem requirements
* Manage development efforts and the transition from development to delivery into the main product line, in conjunction with the Copperhead production team.
* Maintain requirements and support validation testing of individual IRAD efforts
* Manage budget and schedule for internal research and development efforts, working hand-in-hand with the Copperhead product team to lead technology development efforts
* Manage risk and opportunities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree of Science in relevant engineering field
* 3+ years of demonstrated project management in Robotics, Consumer Products, Aerospace or Automotive Industry
* Advanced MS Excel, MS Project and/or JIRA (project management) skills
* Prior experience managing BOM and component need dates to accomplish company-wide goals
* Extreme attention to detail
* Experience managing complete systems development
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Formal training in Project Management (PMP certification or similar)
* Defense industry experience
* Experience with Production workflow management
* Experience in a volume production environment
* Experience bringing a hardware platform from prototype through production
* Experience with NetSuite or other ERP systems

US Salary Range

$140,000—$186,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
