---
title: Associate Facilities Manager
status: active
id: '5156613007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156613007?gh_jid=5156613007
lastmod: '2026-06-10T15:50:19-04:00'
date: '2026-06-10T15:47:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The **Facilities** team is responsible for maintaining and optimizing the facility to ensure operational continuity, safety, and efficiency. This includes running routine safety inspections, partnering with contractors, planning maintenance work, and maintaining records, all of which are crucial to Anduril's ability to operate seamlessly and securely.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an **Associate Facilities Manager** to join our rapidly growing team in Southern California. In this role, you will support the operational success of our facilities by helping drive the planning, coordination, and execution of key facilities initiatives across our industrial spaces. You will partner closely with the Regional Facility Manager, Facilities and Workplace Managers, and cross-functional teams to ensure our offices, production, manufacturing, and testing environments operate efficiently and safely.

This role requires strong organizational skills, the ability to manage multiple priorities, and comfort working across both technical and operational teams. The ideal candidate brings experience overseeing mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) systems and understands preventative maintenance requirements within industrial environments.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Coordination and execution of facilities operations across multiple office, production, manufacturing, and testing environments.
* Oversee mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) projects from initial scope and managing the project to completion for multiple sites.
* Manage incoming facilities service requests, prioritizing workstreams and coordinating with internal teams and external vendors to ensure timely resolution.
* Oversee the creation and tracking of purchase orders related to facilities supplies, equipment, and services.
* Coordinate preventative and corrective maintenance programs by partnering with internal engineers and external service providers while ensuring security and communication procedures are followed.
* Vendor management for preventative maintenance and corrective maintenance, to include SOW development, schedule work in partnership with operational stake holders, oversee work, reviewing service reports, track follow-ups, and help ensure completion of required maintenance and operational workstreams.
* Maintain oversight of spare parts inventory and facilities equipment areas, supporting operational readiness and organization standards.
* Support infrastructure needs including equipment setup and facility improvements that enable efficient operations.
* Assist with the coordination and oversight of facility vehicles, including maintenance planning, inspections, and compliance requirements.
* Contribute and lead aspects of facilities operational initiatives that improve reliability, efficiency, and scalability.
* Provide facilities support across multiple office locations as needed and collaborate closely with cross-functional teams.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2-5 years of experience leading facilities operations in a manufacturing or industrial environment.
* Technical training or hands-on experience in plant engineering, facilities maintenance, or a related field.
* Experience working with mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) systems and preventative maintenance programs.
* Familiarity with CMMS platforms and ERP systems.
* Experience supporting vendor management and service contracts.
* Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple operational responsibilities.
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively across technicians, engineers, and leadership.
* Familiarity with fire life safety systems and building operations.
* Understanding of OSHA, environmental regulations, building codes, NFPA, and NEC.
* Flexibility to travel and support multiple locations as needed.
* Ability to respond to facilities issues or operational needs outside standard business hours when required.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* You are familiar with the project management processes.
* Experience in managing and oversight of shipping, receiving, and supply chain processes
* Experience supporting secure spaces.
* Experience with AS9100.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
