---
title: Senior Industrial Engineer
status: active
id: '5156101007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156101007?gh_jid=5156101007
lastmod: '2026-06-04T21:00:07-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T15:27:25-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Manufacturing Operations'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Senior Industrial Engineer to focus on manufacturing optimization. Our team is responsible for rapidly iterating and building cutting-edge defense hardware, including static equipment, ground vehicles, sensors, undersea systems, and flight vehicles, while scaling these products across existing and new manufacturing facilities.

In this role, you will optimize Anduril’s manufacturing operations for quality, reliability, speed, and asset utilization, all while meeting critical customer deployment and internal development timelines. You will leverage a data-driven approach to design production lines and manufacturing processes. This position requires active collaboration with various Anduril teams, including Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations.

#### ABOUT THE ROLE

The ideal candidate for this role will demonstrate holistic ownership in solving operational challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment. This individual will be flexible in providing support as needed to ensure products are built and shipped to stringent quality standards. If you thrive as a connector among operational stakeholders to advance a production team, this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Produce and maintain capacity models and production ramp plans to define labor planning, capex requirements, workstation design, and throughput gaps.
* Design effective facility layouts and production lines using CAD and simulation which meet process requirements, enable production targets, optimize resource allocation and material flow, and maximize productivity and quality.
* Identify and champion improvements to key causes of high variability or production bottlenecks, driving actions to resolution across disciplines and stakeholders.
* Leverage a data-driven approach to production design and process improvements to improve throughput.
* Own the reporting and analysis of manufacturing health and ensure that stakeholders have the inputs they need to make decisions across Engineering (cut-in dates for new designs), Supply Chain (signals on what to buy), Manufacturing (signals on being clear-to-build and what to build), and Growth (supply overview to drive customer contracts)
* Maintain a data-driven virtual factory to serve as a current digital reference model for performance assessment.
* Lead the design of production lines and workstations for both low-rate and full-rate production using techniques like Value Stream Mapping and Line Balancing.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ 5+ years past experience in a high-rate manufacturing environment in either a production or supply chain-type role where complex mechanical and/or electrical assemblies were built with heavy data utilization
+ Factory and/or production line design and set up - Value Stream mapping, Flow lines, continuous flow, one piece flow, workstation design
+ Material Flow Systems - designing how material flow around a facility, pull systems, Kanban, Min/ max calculations, Part presentation to operator, Tote bin packaging, lineside racking.
+ Digital Systems - experience of using Siemens "Plant Simulation", "Process Simulation" software to model a production line and run production scenarios.
+ Demonstrated ability to completely own a value chain from start to finish, coordinating among multiple different internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
+ Prior knowledge or experience with ERP, WMS and MES systems
+ Experience with Lean Manufacturing principles/implementation
+ Ability to demonstrate a willingness to take on substantial responsibility across manufacturing, engineering, and operations functions with a bias towards speed and accuracy
+ Strong technical ability to read technical documentation such as drawings and CAD data, understanding of a variety of hardware manufacturing processes for both electronics (PCBAs, sensor hardware, etc.) and structures, mechanical components, and electromechanical systems

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ Bachelor’s degree or higher in industrial, mechanical/aerospace/manufacturing, electrical, or computer engineering
+ Prior work designing and/or setting up new production lines or factories - from process mapping through to collaborating with infrastructure design partners and detailed work station design
+ Experience interacting with SQL databases - storage of information and building custom queries for tracking production and inventory-related metrics
+ Experience with production simulation software (Siemens/PlantSim/ProcessSim) or equivalent DES (Promodel, FlexSim, Simio, etc)
+ Basic knowledge in object-oriented computer programming (example languages: Python, R, C++, Java, etc.) OR working with large data sets with SQL or No-SQL
+ Knowledge stochastic/deterministic models and when to apply them
+ Proficient in handling large data sets, including filtering, identifying trends, and graphical representation.
+ Candidate should have knowledge of design engineering and manufacturing engineering processes including:  
  - 3D CAD design/modeling of parts and assemblies
  - 3D factory layout
  - Manufacturing process planning of fabricated parts, and complex discrete assembly process
  - Manufacturing simulation of assembly processes, human ergonomics, and discrete event simulation
  - Strong manufacturing data analytics and statistical analysis background with proficiency in statistical process control

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
