---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager, Ground Systems
status: active
id: '5156168007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156168007?gh_jid=5156168007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T20:57:32-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T14:49:08-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : ECC Programs and
  Partnerships'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for time sensitive decisions, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.  
  
Our Edge Compute and Communications (ECC) business line, within the Connected Warfare division, delivers robust, high-performance computing and secure communications solutions directly at the tactical edge. By processing data in real-time and enabling decentralized decision-making, we empower warfighters with actionable intelligence, rapid connectivity, and unparalleled situational awareness in challenging environments.  
  
Tactical Intelligence Targeting Access Node (TITAN), produced by the ECC business line within the Connected Warfare division, is a scalable, next-generation expeditionary intelligence ground station designed to be the future Army intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) data processing ground station.

### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead the day-to-day coordination and execution of program initiatives and tasks, spanning across Anduril teams and SMEs
* Provide guidance and direction to program team members, including finance, division operations, mission operations, and other stakeholders to enable program execution
* Develop a strong system-level understanding of the business lines and products they support by becoming a power user of Anduril’s products — and becoming comfortable with teaching others
* Deeply understand your customers objectives, constraints, and perspectives
* Develop and maintain strong relationships with clients, vendors, and other external partners
* Play a key role in the development and delivery of new proposals working closely with the Proposal & Capture Team, growth/business development, legal & finance
* Serve as Action Officer for special projects; execute special projects as demanded by the program
* Drive and set the standard for the program’s communications across the team within Anduril and with key customer and government POCs
* Ensure compliance with relevant regulations, policies, and procedures associated with the program
* Identify and mitigate potential risks and issues that may impact program delivery
* Continuously seek opportunities for process improvement and efficiency within the program

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in Program Management, contract management of/with focused program offices
* Experience with government: business development, contract structures, budget cycles, procurement processes, program funding, and proposal processes
* Experience in Program Finance: Direct vs Indirect, forecasting, resource loading, financial KPIs and/or EVM
* Comfortable with working in limited resource environments
* Comfortable with setting and achieving goals in a complex, fast moving environments with ambiguous requirements
* Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, teach, lead and follow
* Strong proficiency with Microsoft Excel and Project
* Travel as required to support customer needs and operations (10%)
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience as a program or project manager in defense, tech, consulting or similar field
* Experience managing complex projects in government a plus
* Bachelor of Science in STEM field or equivalent working experience
* Prior experience working on software or hardware products through multiple iterations and lifecycles

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
