---
title: Asset Improvement Lead
status: active
id: '5156364007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156364007?gh_jid=5156364007
lastmod: '2026-06-11T19:38:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T17:52:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Facility Operations team is responsible for optimizing facilities. Everything from layouts, designs for R&D facilities, ensuring efficient workflows, and minimizing wasted space, all while adhering to safety and regulatory standards.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is looking for an Asset Improvement Lead to help us enhance and renovate our real estate portfolio of offices and factories. Tn this role, you will be responsible for supporting the business lines with continued facility projects that allow Anduril to continue to scale. You will need to be a self starter that drives clarity and a high level of execution. This will require detail, organization and planning to move quickly with accuracy. If you are someone who has relentless commitment to deliver then this role is for you. This opportunity for an Asset Improvement Manager will help us enhance and renovate our real estate portfolio of offices and factories focusing on optimizing and improving existing spaces.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* External Project Management and Coordination:
  + Plan, coordinate and oversee small-scale construction projects
  + Maintain strong relationships with contractors, consultants, vendors, and regulatory agencies.
  + Collaborate closely with contractors and vendors to ensure alignment of construction activities with asset improvement objectives.
* Stakeholder Management:
  + Serve as the primary point of contact for all asset improvement projects.
  + Advise in all phases of any given small-scale project: programming, design, pre-construction, closeout, and operations
  + Communicate project progress, challenges, and solutions to key internal stakeholders.
  + Collaborate functionally with departments like Security, Network Engineering, Facilities Management, Marketing, Kitchen Operations, Manufacturing, EHS, Legal, and many others.
* Budget and Financial Oversight:
  + Develop and manage budgets for asset improvement projects
  + Create and maintain budget trackers
  + Prepare and present financial reports to senior executives.
  + Generate accurate cost estimates at all stages of a project lifecycle
* Set Up Projects for Success:
  + Achieve (as much as possible) early end-user alignment on scope and requirements to minimize change orders and scheduling delays
  + Workshop requirements with end users including providing cost-effective alternatives where needed
* Help Implement Consistent Design and Equipment Standards:
  + Create templates and processes to better manage the large volume of small projects
  + Catalogue building and line-specific equipment (where applicable), including infrastructure requirements like structural support, power, ventilation, temperature, and others.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 5 years of progressive experience in Construction Management or Facilities Management
* Extreme orderliness when it comes to document control
* Excellent project management skills, with a proven track record of delivering projects on time and within budget.
* Ability to think creatively and strategically about space utilization
* Effective communication and interpersonal skills

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
