---
title: Manager, Workplace
status: active
id: '5156596007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156596007?gh_jid=5156596007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T16:35:36-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s workplace operations team is seeking a Workplace Manager to join us. As part of the Real Estate & Facilities division, we are responsible for overseeing and maintaining the operational aspects of a work environment to ensure efficiency, productivity, and a positive work experience.  
  
As a Workplace Manager, you will assist in developing and managing the operations of a world class facilities program. The right candidate will have strong analytical ability, exceptional communication skills, ability to build business partnerships with adjacent functions and external partners, and ability to resolve challenging problems with minimal guidance.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is a rapidly growing company seeking a high-ownership, low-ego Workplace Manager to lead daily operations, employee experience, and facilities maintenance across our Southern California footprint. In this role, you will sit at the intersection of "hard" facilities operations and "soft" employee experience. You will support a diverse, high-performance environment that includes corporate offices, R&D labs, and production/manufacturing spaces, partnering closely with cross-functional teams (Production, R&D, IT, Business Development, and Leadership) to ensure our spaces are safe, highly functional, and inspiring.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage general office operations, serving as the primary point of contact for all workplace & facilities-related requests. Oversee the site ticket management system, ensuring all requests are logged, tracked, and resolved efficiently while monitoring resolution timelines.
* Develop and deliver clear, transparent communications to employees regarding workplace updates, ongoing projects, maintenance, and office improvements.
* Collaborate with internal stakeholders across division operations, production, and R&D to support their unique operational needs. Track space utilization and onboarding logistics for new hires.
* Plan, manage, and deliver workplace-related projects and modifications on time, within scope, and on budget. Track site operational expenses, manage budgets, and assist in preparing regular financial reports and analyses for senior management.
* Manage site-specific vendor relationships for outsourced services and projects, upholding high service standards.
* Manage, mentor, and delegate tasks to associate workplace managers, ensuring effective workload management, professional growth, and operational redundancy.
* Monitor and manage office supplies, equipment, and food and beverage services, maintaining optimal stock levels to meet daily operational needs.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4+ years of progressive experience in workplace operations or facilities management.
* You approach everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility. You take absolute responsibility for the state of your offices, running toward complex problems with a "no task too small" attitude.
* Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively, build trust, and facilitate communication across all departments and with external partners.
* Strong understanding of budgeting, financial reporting, and operational management. Proven experience using data and analytics to inform decisions and implement measurable workplace improvements.
* A proven ability to work independently with minimal oversight, navigate grey areas, and drive projects to successful outcomes in a fast-paced environment.
* Exceptional organizational and time-management abilities, with a proven focus on prioritization, multi-tasking, and creative problem-solving.
* A meticulous eye for detail and an attitude of 100% compliance with all company safety guidelines, local building codes, and regulatory requirements.
* Flexibility to support occasional after-hours or weekend events.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Prior experience supporting a fast-paced startup, tech company, aerospace firm, or rapidly growing manufacturer.
* Proven experience in multi-site facility management.
* Experience utilizing specialized workplace management software, CAFM/IWMS platforms, or advanced ticketing systems (e.g., Jira, ServiceNow).
* Previous experience directly managing or mentoring junior workplace staff or coordinators.

If you are a proactive, high-ownership, and detail-oriented leader with a passion for building seamless, operationally rigorous, and employee-friendly workplaces, we invite you to apply for this exciting opportunity. Join us on our mission to build and scale the physical environments that power the future of defense.

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
