---
title: Program Manager, Operations and Sustainment
status: active
id: '5156170007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156170007?gh_jid=5156170007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T20:57:32-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T14:47:50-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : ECC Programs and
  Partnerships'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Connected Warfare division builds systems to support global command and control missions. We create joint, time sensitive, multi domain, ubiquitous, connected mesh ecosystems. Our ecosystem enables connected warfare with disproportional impact by connecting every robot, human, and sensor in every domain, bringing together hundreds of thousands of end points across the globe. We are the substrate that provides the source of truth for time sensitive decisions, effectively transforming the way that militaries close kills chains and enable mission autonomy.  
  
Our Edge Compute and Communications (ECC) business line, within the Connected Warfare division, delivers robust, high-performance computing and secure communications solutions directly at the tactical edge. By processing data in real-time and enabling decentralized decision-making, we empower warfighters with actionable intelligence, rapid connectivity, and unparalleled situational awareness in challenging environments.  
  
Tactical Intelligence Targeting Access Node (TITAN), produced by the ECC business line within the Connected Warfare division, is a scalable, next-generation expeditionary intelligence ground station designed to be the future Army intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) data processing ground station.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a Program manager for TITAN, you will play a critical role in ensuring the reliability and readiness of Anduril’s fixed-site and expeditionary asset control solutions. This position requires a strong problem-solving mindset and hands-on expertise in debugging and resolving complex compute hardware and software issues. If you are passionate about cutting-edge technology, advancing national security, and delivering best-in-class operational support, Anduril invites you to join the team.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Sustain Anduril's TITAN deployments by combining an understanding of our customers' missions with familiarity of our products and delivered capabilities
* Triage, diagnose, and root cause product incidents, driving postmortem actions including providing status visibility through resolution. Then abstract incidents and optimize wider system and product reliability. This will include conducting log reviews and diagnostics, as well as utilizing Linux and command line tools for system management and issue resolution
* Consistently assess, and seek to improve, the quality of the fleet's observability and health telemetry in partnership with multiple functions across the TITAN team
* Collect, organize, and analyze system failure data to define trends, drive proactive sustainment processes, and support resource allocation
* Support Anduril's global customers through proactive communications and detail-oriented execution. You will track and manage customer-facing incidents and concerns, ensuring timely response, mitigation, and communication of resolution
* Support the evaluation and improvement of product capabilities, analyzing customer communication and feedback for capability requirements, product performance indicators, and desired functionality
* Maintain awareness of current product specifications and bridge the gap in understanding between technical and non technical stakeholders
* Communicate and coordinate technical and non-technical efforts across multiple business, engineering, and sustainment functions, influencing decision making and driving action to maximize capability availability for end users

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated experience as a self-starter, able to find and resolve issues on your own
* Strong aptitude for problem solving in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and networking. Ability to drive challenging and vague technical problems to clarity and resolution
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in operational environments. Must demonstrate an innate drive to be self-sufficient across the depth and breadth of a technical system
* Confident with navigating ambiguity and crafting new ways of doing things
* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills
* Travel as required to support customer needs and operations (50%-75%)
* Active Top Secret clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience supporting and/or operating compute-enabled communications systems, including electronic warfare domain experience, as a DOD employee, contractor, or end-user
* Experience supporting and/or performing incident driven workflows requiring analysis, triage, prioritization, and reporting
* Experience in on-call support operations and working in limited risk tolerance environments
* Experience executing sustainment and reliability processes for a defense-focused service or product
* Experience contributing to data analytics to inform business decisions
* Experience with observability tooling such as Grafana and exposure to software development tooling such as Git and Jira
* Military, DOD, or other Government agency experience preferred
* Willingness to work non-standard hours and weekends as needed
* STEM degree, preferably in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, information technology, or similar
* 2+ years of technical support, IT, or software development work experience
* Applicable industry certifications (e.g. CompTIA Network+, CCNA, Linux+)
* Active TS/SCI clearance

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
