---
title: Associate Workplace Manager
status: active
id: '5156602007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5156602007?gh_jid=5156602007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T19:34:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T16:56:06-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s workplace operations team is seeking a Workplace Manager to join us. As part of the Real Estate & Facilities division, we are responsible for overseeing and maintaining the operational aspects of a work environment to ensure efficiency, productivity, and a positive work experience.  
  
As a Associate Workplace Manager, you will assist in developing and managing the operations of a world class facilities program. The right candidate will have strong analytical ability, exceptional communication skills, ability to build business partnerships with adjacent functions and external partners, and ability to resolve challenging problems with minimal guidance and a bias toward action.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is a rapidly growing company seeking an experienced and dynamic individual to join our regional workplace team. As a key player in our organization, you will be responsible for supporting internal functions within Orange County, California. The job can range widely in duties and responsibilities, spanning tactical project management, vendor coordination, support for events and moves, and ticket management. No two days will look alike and no task is too small, as you hold the highest bar for execution. You play a pivotal role in creating an efficient, productive, and employee-friendly work environment, contributing to the overall success of Anduril.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Oversee workplace email and Slack channels, responding promptly to employee requests and prioritizing effectively.
* Manage ticketing and purchase orders. Distribute and present project progress reports, documentation, and updates.
* Assist with office reconfigurations, moves, and new employee setups by moving and arranging furniture and equipment.
* Conduct routine inspections of common areas, meeting rooms, and office spaces to identify and report maintenance needs (e.g., burnt-out lights, spills, damaged furniture).
* Assist with the coordination of general repairs and maintenance tasks by liaising with internal teams or external contractors.
* Greet and escort vendors to their designated work areas, ensuring they adhere to company security and safety protocols.
* Ensure all common areas, kitchens, and supply rooms are tidy, organized, and adequately stocked. Support waste management and recycling initiatives across the campus.
* Unpack, assemble, and disassemble various types of office furniture (desks, chairs, shelving units, storage cabinets) with precision and efficiency.
* Provide hands-on support for internal and external events held on campus.
* Assist with event setup, including arranging tables, chairs, decorations, and signage.
* Maintain organized storage areas for facilities supplies, tools, and spare furniture.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong organizational and time-management skills with the ability to multitask and prioritize effectively.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
* Comfortable working independently in a fast-paced, startup environment.
* Proficiency with Microsoft Suite, Slack, and workplace management tools
* Experience in event coordination, vendor management, and/or administrative support.
* Ability to adapt to changing needs and handle tasks on short notice.
* Flexibility to support occasional after-hours or weekend events

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 1-3 years of related experience. Experience supporting startup or aerospace strongly preferred.
* Experience managing day-to-day operations and projects

If you are a proactive, detail-oriented individual with a passion for creating efficient and employee-friendly work environments, we invite you to apply for this exciting opportunity to contribute to the success of Anduril. Join us on our mission transforming the future of defense.

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
