---
title: 'Systems Engineer, Launched Effects '
status: active
id: '5157570007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5157570007?gh_jid=5157570007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T13:46:52-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Systems Engineer at Anduril, you will be a pivotal force in the Tactical Recon & Strike division, working on cutting-edge products like Altius, Anvil, Bolt, and Ghost. This role demands a proactive problem-solver with a strong background in electrical engineering, systems engineering principles and safety-critical development. You will drive the technical direction, ensure robust product design, and guide cross-functional teams to deliver critical capabilities that empower our mission. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and are passionate about building revolutionary defense technology from the ground up, we encourage you to apply.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Define systems engineering strategies in the Tactical Recon & Strike Division to drive requirements and verification for core Anduril Products Altius, Anvil, Bolt, and Ghost.
* Design, develop, and implement automated system-level integration tests on SITL, HITL and hybrid testbeds coupled to simulation environments, followed by flight testing to ensure robust validation of system functionality and performance.
* Define and devise testing strategies using appropriate testing modalities for system and software requirements.
* Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from internal engineering, program office, and third-party corporate partners to own successful delivery of outcomes on multiple programs simultaneously.
* Coordinate and execute frequent test events involving various levels of software and hardware, from in-lab full-software simulations to full hardware-in-the-loop demonstrations at test sites.
* Define a strategy to comply with appropriate industry standards, e.g., NATO UAV and MIL-STD-882E.
* Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work; become a trusted partner to Anduril’s software engineers.
* Ensure that the organization’s technical roadmap is well understood and that programs and staffing are aligned with the roadmap.
* Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple functional teams and cross-functional initiatives.
* Identify and resolve systemic execution issues across the team or group that require broader initiatives to resolve.
* Identify, resolve, and escalate key cross team dependencies.
* Support leads with quarterly and ongoing staffing plans across the organization, particularly where difficult prioritization conflicts exist.
* Collaborate closely with other partner teams, such as hardware, product, and test operations as needed.
* Understand technical implementation at the architectural level and propose technical alternatives when necessary; ask questions that clarify priorities.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 2-3 years experience with programming languages, such as Python, C++, or Rust, for analysis and simulation, while also being familiar with modern software development practices and designs, unit testing, integration test, and release processes
* Degree in Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics, or a related field
* Experience in safety-critical industry, particularly with safety-critical software development standards, software safety fault/hazard analysis, and requirements-driven software verification and validation strategies
* Experience with cloud infrastructure platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) for software deployment and scalability.
* Demonstrated proficiency in the application of engineering standards into engineering processes or requirements, with the ability to take ambiguous, high-level problems and translate them into actionable engineering processes, detailed requirements, and comprehensive verification and validation (V&V) plans to ensure robust and reliable system performance.
* Experience writing testable system-level and software-level requirements
* Proficiency in large-scale data modeling, data analysis, and visualization, including experience with tools such as Palantir Foundry, Tableau, AFSIM or similar platforms.
* Skilled in Statistics and AI/ML
* Excellent communication and presentation skills
* Must be willing to travel for test field events up to 25%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with sensor modeling, simulation, and analysis to support system design and performance evaluation.
* Experience in building programs for software deliverables from ground up
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Experience in rolling out potentially disruptive organizational process changes
* Experience with creating communication plans for various levels of stakeholders
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Strong technical, analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive decisions
* Experience with tools like JIRA and Confluence
* Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or an Engineering discipline
* Active clearance status

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
