---
title: Logistics Engineer
status: active
id: '5157657007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5157657007?gh_jid=5157657007
lastmod: '2026-06-11T19:38:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T14:52:16-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Integrated Product Support'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
The Deployment Engineering team at Anduril is dedicated to the operational success of our cutting-edge products in the defense technology sector. They manage the support and sustainment of Anduril systems, ensuring optimal performance and longevity throughout their lifecycle. By partnering closely with engineering, manufacturing, reliability, and operations teams, they deliver exceptional support to both deployment and product teams. The team develops comprehensive integrated product support and sustainment strategies, implementing robust systems that maintain high standards for our advanced technologies in the field. Through their efforts in sustainable product management, the Deployment Engineering team plays a crucial role in Anduril's continued innovation and success.

**ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril needs an experienced Logistics Engineer who demonstrates a working knowledge of the 12 Integrated Product Support elements. In this role, you'll also interface with demand, supply, and logistics teams to make informed recommendations for life cycle sustainment and maintenance activities, ensuring optimal product support. Your involvement will span all aspects of product development and system sustainment activities, from initial design and planning to ongoing improvements. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter who thrives in dynamic environments, possesses a deep understanding of complex military systems, and can drive innovation in product support and sustainment strategies. Additionally, you'll partner closely with environmental health and safety teams to guarantee that our products meet the highest safety standards. This multifaceted role offers the opportunity to make an impact on Anduril's product lifecycle management and contribute directly to our mission of advancing defense technology.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Drive planning, development and execution of the Integrated Product Support strategy.
* Spearhead the development of comprehensive Integrated Logistics Support Plans.
* Plan, develop and execute Integrated Product Support analysis and implementation.
* Collaborate cross-functionally to optimize product design for long-term supportability.
* Leverage Logistics Engineering and Integrated Product Support tools and processes to prepare models and documents meeting DoW and/or industry standards.
* Perform analyses and develop customer reports using software modeling tools e.g., COMPASS (LORA), Power Log-J (LPD & LSA), SlicWave (LPD & LSA), Relyence (Reliability), Tempo (Spares Analysis), etc. to develop customer deliverables.
* Partner with technical writers by sourcing data, knowledge, drawings, and guidance to support and manage the creation and updates of Technical, Operations, and Maintenance Manuals as well as rework instructions and troubleshooting guides.
* Comply with DoW and industry standards, specifications and regulations in sustainment.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 5+ years of experience in Integrated Product Support or Logistics Engineering role.
* 5+ years’ experience developing one or more Level of Repair Analyses (LORA), Logistics Support Analysis (LSA), Maintenance Task Analysis (MTA), Provisioning data, Spares Analysis, Packaging, Handling, Storage and Transportation (PHS&T), Support Equipment Candidates List (SECL), Integrated Logistics Support Plans, etc.
* Experience with life cycle sustainment planning and execution requirement in new start development, production and/or Performance Based sustainment projects.
* Proficiency in MS Office Suite and Integrated Product Support development models.
* Good working knowledge of Reliability, Maintainability, and Product Safety to ensure emphasis is placed on designing for high levels of supportability and availability.
* Familiarity with military regulations, standards and specifications.
* Ability to work effectively in unstructured environments and adapt to changing priorities.
* Strong self-motivation and ability to work independently.
* Exceptional problem-solving skills and analytical thinking.
* Possess high attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills – you must have an ability to synthesize complex quantitative data into clear decision statements.
* Demonstrated ability to learn and master new technologies quickly.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
* Willingness to travel for on-site support and customer engagements.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 10+ years of experience in Integrated Product Support or Logistics Engineering role.
* 5+ years of demonstrated experience working in a high rigor environment (military, aerospace, automotive, security systems, nuclear, etc.).
* Familiarity with Model Based Engineering (MBE) and Model Based Product Support (MBPS) tools and methodologies.
* User expertise in the use of ILS tools and models (COMPASS, SESAME, EAGLE, Tempo, ICAPS, Power log-J, SLICWave, etc.).
* Skilled and experienced in supporting technical proposal activities including Technical Volume development, evaluation of requirements within Statements of Work or Requests for Proposal, and creation of Product Support Bases of Estimates (BOE).
* Experience with Life Cycle Cost (LCC) analysis using an LCC model (CASA, etc.).
* Familiarity with Depot level repair activations and customer planning/coordination.
* Experience in the development of Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals, Work Instructions and Training documentation.
* Experience developing and executing Contractor Logistics Support or Performance Based Logistics program requirements.
* Experience with cost account management and Earned Value Management.
* Understanding of the use of the Technical Data Package (drawings, parts lists, interface control documents, and electrical schematics).
* Demonstrated confidence in presentations to customers or management audiences.
* Experience with complex military systems or defense technology products.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
