---
title: Financial Analyst, Connected Warfare
status: active
id: '5158862007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5158862007?gh_jid=5158862007
lastmod: '2026-06-11T19:38:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T15:34:55-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Leading the charge in defense innovation, Anduril's Connected Warfare division showcases our most cutting-edge technologies and ambitious product offerings. We are dedicated to creating a connected battlefield, leveraging AI, autonomous systems, and advanced networking to provide warfighters with the intelligence and agility needed to win in any environment.   
  
We are seeking a Financial Analyst to join our Connected Warfare Finance team. Your scope will include working directly with growth, engineering, and operations teams to maximize business value and accelerate growth.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Financial Analyst, you will be supporting the Connected Warfare Division. This division covers a diverse portfolio of hardware and software C2 programs. You will be responsible for product and program financial management, income statement and balance sheet forecasting, and top-tier financial reporting. In this role, you will support multiple products and programs in parallel and interact closely with program management and business line leadership to ensure Anduril is delivering on its financial commitments. You should be comfortable supporting and explaining financial performance and variance analysis at the contract and product level to cross functional teams and senior leadership. This is a critical role in a high-growth division at a company that is constantly growing and changing

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Contract and product profit margin analysis and surveillance
* Ownership of rolling monthly forecasts, derived by working in depth with key engineering stakeholders (Product Managers, Program Managers, Engineering Leads)
* Monthly distribution of internal management reporting via presentation and written communications
* Work with program management to develop and maintain ETC forecasts and EAC integrity
* Income statement and balance sheet forecasting by contract and business line
* Prepare monthly/quarterly/annual variance at multiple accounting levels
* Creation of reports and automated dashboards in FP&A and BI tools
* Support pricing and proposal activities
* Ad hoc support and special projects
* Drive continuous improvement in financial reporting tools, systems and procedures
* Assist in long range planning

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2-5 years of experience as a financial analyst, or related finance/accounting role
* Bachelor’s degree or higher in Finance, Accounting, or related field
* Ability to operate independently in a fast-paced environment
* Acute understanding of Financial Systems, data management, and complex modeling
* Proven ability to work successfully in a team-based environment
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, interpersonal communication, and presentational skills
* Candidate must be a United States citizen and be eligible to apply for and maintain a US security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* DoD, Manufacturing and/or Tech industry experience
* Familiarity with Oracle ERP, Oracle EPM, and Salesforce CRM

US Salary Range

$77,000—$102,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
