---
title: Technical Program Manager, Comms & ISR
status: active
id: '5158074007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5158074007?gh_jid=5158074007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T20:57:32-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T17:35:26-04:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Program & Product Management'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

We are looking our next **Technical Program Manager** to join our energetic and innovative team that is passionate about expanding autonomous maritime vessel capabilities within a cutting edge environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in subsea robotics.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Maritime team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Maritime Fleet in challenging operational environments worldwide. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, and operations, our next Maritime **Technical Program Manager** must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, manage, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits. This role is crucial in ensuring that each initiative aligns with the company's strategic direction and receives the appropriate resourcing, balancing innovation with practical execution to drive the business line's success. You will be required to learn new technical concepts and employ them quickly. You will be expected to use your technical knowledge in conjunction with your program management skills to lead cross-functional efforts and deliver the best outcome for Anduril and the customer.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Work within a team of multidisciplinary engineers and specialists throughout the life of Autonomous Underwater Vessels (AUV), Autonomous Surface Vehicles, and their payloads through integration, test, verification, and demonstration efforts.
* Ensure successful execution of programs in accordance with desired requirements, on schedule, and on budget. Drive collaboration and alignment across businesses.
* **Technical Ownership**: Drive technical outcomes through meticulous understanding of system performance, managing incident response and after-action, using metrics to derive insights into areas for improvement, quantifying the improvements made through investment in those areas, and maintaining a clear understanding of the state of the system that can be communicated to the customer.
* **Customer Engagement**: Interface with DoD/USN customers and be able to represent the technical aspects of the Maritime portfolio. Serve as the “voice of the customer” for follow-on business capture efforts and activities.
* **Test Event Execution & Alignment**: Support the Engineering team in integration, testing, and debug in a high-paced environment. Lead formal testing efforts by generating test plans, identifying resources needed, and supporting mobilization logistics. Lead offshore AUV test events when required (typically multiple-day test events with occasional multiple -week deployments)
* **Project Planning**: Develop project scope and manage changes through the life of the project. Identify, track, and manage project risks. Generate and maintain project schedules.
* **Contract Management**: Provide contract management support including statements of work, change orders, financial management, terms and conditions, data rights assertions, etc. Manage deliverables, including routine status updates and final delivery to the customer.
* **Autonomous Execution**: Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from external clients. Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work. Become a trusted partner to Anduril’s engineers.
* **Travel**: to support customer meetings, team engineering exchanges and testing approximately 25%-40% of the time.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree in Mechanical, Electrical Engineering, or Software Engineering or related technical engineering field and a passion for hardware development and relationship building
* 10+ years of robotics experience, specifically in technical project management and/or systems engineering, or related project management and/or systems engineering experience in a relevant industry
* Strong familiarity with system test, integration and troubleshooting
* Experience leading or executing product development of any type of system from TRL 3-8
* Understanding of government contract structure and reporting
* Extremely organized and detail oriented
* Experience developing material and read out for regular - monthly, quarterly program reviews
* Experience developing and maintaining a schedule with Microsoft project or similar tool
* Excellent communication skills
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Previous customer experience in mission area
* Global deployment and PM experience preferred
* Experience integrating communication and/or subsea sensors
* Experience with government acquisition and reporting processes and government contracts
* Experience interfacing with DoD/USN/MoD customers

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
