---
title: 'Technical Program Manager, PES '
status: active
id: '5158738007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5158738007?gh_jid=5158738007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T14:11:45-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T14:11:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As part of the larger Tactical Recon & Strike division, the Precision Engagement Systems (PES) team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-2) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Anvil and Bolt from paper sketches to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

We are seeking a highly experienced and visionary Technical Program Manager to lead a pivotal new program within our Precision Engagement Systems (PES) business line. This is a unique opportunity to drive the end-to-end development of one of our most critical, cutting-edge drone platforms, integrating advanced autonomy and AI capabilities from initial concept through to successful mass production. If you thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and are passionate about shaping the future of intelligent hardware, we invite you to join our innovative team.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Assist in the end-to-end development of cutting-edge hardware products, supporting programs from initial concept through various development phases to mass production, under the guidance of senior program managers.
* Support cross-functional engineering teams (Hardware, Software, Firmware, Test) by facilitating communication and coordination, fostering a collaborative development environment.
* Help organize and track system requirements, ensuring clarity and traceability across engineering disciplines.
* Support engagement with external stakeholders, including suppliers and strategic customers, assisting in fostering relationships and alignment.
* Contribute to collaborations with supply chain functions (sourcing engineers, demand planning, supply chain management) to optimize material flow and support timely delivery.
* Contribute to program execution in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, learning to adapt to agile and iterative methodologies.
* Utilize industry-standard program management tools such as JIRA, Confluence, and Smartsheet to track progress, manage issues, and facilitate communication, and learn best practices.
* Assist in identifying potential technical and program risks, and learn to contribute to developing contingency plans to support project timelines.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3-5 years of experience in a technical project or program coordination role, preferably involving hardware or software development.
* A foundational understanding or keen interest in hardware development processes, including hardware/software interaction and embedded systems.
* Interest in or exposure to products integrating autonomy and AI capabilities (e.g., drones, robotics, autonomous vehicles) is a plus.
* Eagerness to learn and adapt in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, embracing agile and iterative development concepts.
* Understanding of or willingness to learn how to help define and track system requirements.
* Comfortable interacting with external partners and suppliers, with an eagerness to develop relationship management skills.
* Basic understanding of supply chain concepts, including sourcing or material readiness.
* Clear and concise communication skills, with the ability to articulate technical concepts and program updates to various stakeholders.
* Familiarity with program management and collaboration tools (e.g., JIRA, Confluence, Smartsheet).
* Bachelor's degree in an Engineering discipline or a related technical field is required.
* Willingness and ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 15%.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
