---
title: Manager, Product Sourcing Engineer, Arsenal-1
status: active
id: '5158893007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5158893007?gh_jid=5158893007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T21:03:34-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T14:45:32-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE SITE**

Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyper-scale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.

### **ABOUT THE PRODUCT**

The future of defense is being built right now, and Anduril’s [Barracuda](https://www.anduril.com/barracuda) product is at its leading edge. Barracuda is a family of air breathing autonomous air vehicles (AAVS) purpose-built for hyper-scale production and mass employment. The Barracuda family of AAVs consist of Barracuda-100, Barracuda-250, and Barracuda-500. Each increment offers increasing size, range and payload capacity, but all barracudas are compatible with a host of payloads and employment mechanisms, support a variety of different missions, and provide warfighters with an adaptable and upgradeable capability to counter evolving threats.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Manager, Product Sourcing Engineering supports engineering and production teams with the development and execution of sourcing plans. As the Senior Manager, Product Sourcing Engineering this individual will be responsible for managing a team of sourcing engineers and subcontract managers who will be the central point of contact for all supply chain needs in the product development process internally and externally. In this role, you will work with engineering, product program office and the broader production leadership team to support strategic sourcing initiatives and planning in pursuit of program and manufacturing goals, and lead cross-functional projects to achieve cost, quality, and delivery targets. You will partner closely with the SoCal Product Sourcing Engineering team to execute visions and troubleshoot issues with the supply base, working toward relevant localization.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead and manage a team of supply chain professionals, providing guidance, training, and support. Hire world class talent to continue the rapid expansion of the existing team.
* Develop and implement supply chain strategies that align with overall business goals, aiming for supply continuity, quality, efficiency and cost optimization while enabling the business to scale significantly.
* Negotiate complex commercial terms with suppliers directly to establish best-in-class pricing, quality, flexibility, delivery, payment, warranty, and service terms.
* Collaborate with other supply chain experts across the company to develop and execute supply chain best practices.
* Collaborate internally with key cross functional leadership teams (e.g., engineering, program management, finance, business line...etc.) to negotiate the right tradeoffs, solicit cooperation and resolve problems proactively.
* Identify and implement process improvements to enhance efficiency, reduce costs, and improve overall supply chain performance. Define key performance indicators (KPIs) to track supply chain health and drive improvements.
* Partner with strategic suppliers to accelerate product development via activities such as:
* Collaborate closely with other Product Support Engineers (PSEs) on strategic supply chain visions, proactively resolve supplier issues, and drive relevant localization initiatives
* Drive the development and consolidation of a manufacturing BOM, working with Quality & Manufacturing, to ramp production internally and with our suppliers with high flexibility
* Manage the CAPEX throughout NPI
* Conduct value-stream mapping to optimize supply network lead time and flexibility
* Complete the BOM risk assessment, include alternate component sourcing, etc.
* Ensure completion of all component qualifications, ahead of production
* Reduce complexity: commonality optimization & component/supplier rationalization
* Lead all cost engineering activities to converge the bottoms-up cost curve to product cost, maximizing the total cost of ownership (TCO) across the product lifecycle
* Manage ad-hoc cost issues e.g., tariffs / import export cost, and cost inflation

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field.
* 8+ years experience in a fast-paced manufacturing environment specifically in a supply chain or production-related role focused on complex mechanical and/or electrical assembly. At least 5+ years experience in a leadership position.
* Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization.
* Ability to travel up to 20%.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* MBA or Master’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field.
* Previous experience in defense, aerospace, automotive, high tech, or another related industry.
* Proven leadership in driving and influencing large teams toward common goals.
* Strong team player who can adapt to different roles to support team progress, including individual contributor tasks while managing a small team.

US Salary Range

$143,000—$190,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
