---
title: RF Product Technician
status: active
id: '5158811007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5158811007?gh_jid=5158811007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T13:40:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T13:40:25-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE ROLE**

Anduril’s Electromagnetic Warfare (EW) Business is seeking a Radio Frequency (RF) Product Engineering Technician to join our Operations team. This is a Santa Ana based role and not eligible for remote/hybrid work. As a member of Anduril’s EW team, you will be responsible for configuring, testing, preparing, and deploying cutting-edge products. You will support hardware and software integration at the onset of the product lifecycle and work with cross-functional teams to facilitate continuous improvement. You will be expected to take extreme ownership of your work. You must be quick to learn, adopt, and execute complex technical functions. You will be expected to coach teammates on systems and processes, then transition focus to mastering the next generation of systems. You will test, troubleshoot, validate, and document various sophisticated products.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Execute hardware and software configuration processes in support of customer deliveries, demonstrations, and test events
* Conduct technical system checkouts as the last-stop party, identifying issues and supporting root-cause analysis
* Communicate and work across multi-functional teams
* Provide feedback on product status, disposition, and deployment suitability
* Support the development and testing of new software releases
* Support the development and implementation of new deployment processes
* Create and maintain technical documentation for all deploying EW products
* Conduct post-incident reviews and implement preventive measures

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 4+ years of experience working across hardware, software, and networking interfaces
* 3+ years of experience using, testing, or integrating radio frequency (RF) systems
* Strong working knowledge of RF and EW applications, power, antenna concepts, and spectrum analysis
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Santa Ana, CA
* Active/transferable U.S. Secret clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Degree or certification in mechanical engineering, software engineering, computer science, wireless communications, or related technical field
* Familiarity with Linux OS. Comfortable obtaining and pushing data across software platforms using command-line tools
* Experience with Fiber, Ethernet, and other networking (PtP, PtMP, mesh),
* Experience using RF lab equipment (spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, etc.)

US Hourly Range

$41.34—$54.80 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
