---
title: Sustainment Warehouse Lead
status: active
id: '5159390007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5159390007?gh_jid=5159390007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T20:05:43-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T23:02:25-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Maintenance Technicians'
offices:
- Alexandria, Australia (SYD-11)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**The Role**  
The Anduril Australia team is seeking to hire a Sustainment Warehouse Lead to be based at the Sydney facility. As a member of Anduril's maritime team, you will be responsible for leading logistics, receiving, warehouse, inventory and dispatch operations - including setting up and managing stock across multiple sites. This includes partnering closely with the design, test and production teams to ensure that our accelerated challenges are executed efficiently and effectively. The right person for this role has excellent organisational skills and great attention to detail. If you are someone who excels at communicating clearly, managing many tasks in a fast-paced environment, and creating and maintaining standard operating procedures, then the Sustainment Warehouse Lead role is for you.  
  
**What You'll Do**

* Coordinate logistics and prepare products for freight shipments (inbound and outbound), including all packing, strapping, wrapping, and loading activities. Handle hazardous goods (batteries) safely and compliantly.
* Lead warehouse operations at the Sydney facility and manage stock across multiple sites. Be a jack of all trades to help set up the new facilities for success.
* Set up and stand up warehouses across multiple sites, including layout, racking, inventory locations and operating processes from the ground up.
* Maintain accurate inventory by leading inbound receiving, counting, and accurately processing shipments as they arrive at the warehouse.
* Iterate upon and improve inventory management and material workflows to reflect the growing and evolving business needs.
* Support the test and production teams with planning, procurement and hardware kitting to enable execution.
* Communicate effectively across channels with the hardware and production teams about Anduril's material flow.
* Proactively identify, propose, and fix logistical processes.

**Required Qualifications**

* Significant experience as a warehouse or logistics coordinator or equivalent role.
* Experience collaborating cross-functionally working towards a common goal.
* Polished communication skills.
* Familiar with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems and/or other warehouse management and inventory control tooling.
* Familiar with Microsoft Office or equivalent office management tooling.
* Excellent customer service skills.
* Ability to prioritise tasks efficiently.
* Forklift/crane licence(s).
* Valid driver's licence.
* Ability to obtain and maintain an NV2 Security Clearance.

**Desired Qualifications**

* Ability to work in cross-functional teams and collaborate across functions and borders -Finance, Engineering, Production, Test, Supply Chain, and HQ teams.
* Good understanding of timely and accurate transactions and how they impact finance.
* Excellent problem-solving, organisational, analytical and critical thinking skills.
* Ability to work and excel within a fast-paced, dynamic, and constantly changing environment, with strong prioritisation.
* Excellent attention to detail.
* Demonstrated track record with 5S.
* Experienced in ERP system upgrades or implementing Warehouse Management Systems.
* Experienced in leading a team in a fast-paced environment.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
