---
title: Senior Firmware Engineer, Counter Intrusion
status: active
id: '5159264007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5159264007?gh_jid=5159264007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T10:46:19-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering : Sentry Electrical Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

Anduril is seeking a Firmware Engineer to join our team based in Irvine, CA. The Sentry Firmware team at Anduril develops core technology used for our Sentry Tower product line. We work in close coordination with Electrical Engineering to develop hardware and software solutions to some of the hardest problems facing our customers. You'll contribute low level firmware development for systems operating on land, sea, and air.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

+ Develop low-level firmware/software for microcontrollers, create reusable device drivers, integrate system-level features and architect changes to support an ever-growing codebase
+ Take full ownership of design, implementation and completion of embedded firmware projects
+ Mentor other firmware engineers and help teach best practices in design engineering
+ Contribute to team direction, policy and guidance
+ Quickly debug and troubleshoot issues that span the electrical, firmware, and software boundaries
+ Help select microcontrollers and peripherals and review schematics with electrical engineering team
+ Concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ BS or MS in CS/CE/EE or equivalent industry experience
+ Experience: **10+ years** of experience in firmware/embedded software development, with a focus on embedded systems.
+ Expert level C coding ability for embedded systems
+ Demonstrated success creating complex MCU projects that communicate between multiple boards or systems
+ Broad experience with one or more microcontroller cores (ARM, AVR, MSP430, PIC, etc.)
+ Experience integrating microcontrollers with analog and digital sensors
+ Experience developing firmware in bare-metal and/or RTOS environments
+ Debugging skills with JTAG, SWD, Oscilloscopes, and Logic analyzers
+ Solid understanding and application of coding best practices, board bring up and debugging
+ Extensive experience with common bus protocols such as USB, SPI, I2C, CAN, RS232, RS485, Ethernet, etc.
+ Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ MCUs (STM32). Communication protocol experience (CAN and Ethernet)
+ Have a bias for action. If you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it
+ Be naturally curious about the technologies and tools you use

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
