---
title: Staff Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '5159899007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5159899007?gh_jid=5159899007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T12:06:47-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T12:06:47-04:00'
location: Hudson, New Hampshire, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - AIRS'
offices:
- ' Hudson, NH'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The team is heavily involved in utilizing computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data to give our war fighters and allies an advantage.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a **Technical Program Manager**, you will work cross-functionally with product management, engineering, and other functional and program teams to organize, direct, and lead the development and deployment activities of one of our novel systems. You will be expected to use your technical knowledge in conjunction with your program management skills to plan and lead technical development programs and deliver the best outcome for Anduril and the customer. Developing and deploying our ISR capabilities requires thorough understanding of mission requirements, thoughtful orchestration of internal technical teams, and meticulous planning in the face of ambiguity. Your ability to collaborate and coordinate across multiple departments and disciplines will be key to driving our projects to completion on time and within budget.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Ownership: TPMs are owners; we’re looking for those who have a tendency to assume responsibility, a healthy dose of skepticism, and contribute to a culture of high performance. Lead the project from start to finish with the customer and the engineering team. Work with technical leads to develop the right technical solution and then own the schedule and roadmap for success.
* Embed/Engage: Work closely with our customers to understand their specific mission challenges and represent the customer as you work with Anduril engineers to shape capabilities. Understand technical implementation at the architectural level and propose technical alternatives when necessary; ask questions that clarify priorities. Anduril engineers rely on TPMs to understand the lay of the land and bring a perspective that informs the development process.
* Build/Orchestrate: Work with Anduril engineers to build the solution and/or pivot deployment as needed to meet client needs. Successfully developing our complex hardware and software solutions requires collaborating with nearly every internal Anduril team -engineering, product, logistics, finance, legal, contracting, technical operations, and many more.
* Narrative-Building: Possess a strong story-telling skillset and the ability to tailor that narrative across audiences (government stakeholders, other vendors, engineers, etc.). You'll make sure everyone on the team not only understands what we are building, but why as well.
* Execute: Successfully operationally deploy and deliver successful events from demonstrations, to tests to full site deployments and sustainments at sites, all while ensuring the technical team performs on-schedule and on-budget. Remove obstacles to drive clarity and progress, identify gaps in communication or schedule, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities, and drive results proactively.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years relevant industry experience
* Recent experience managing DoD programs
* Operational background working with technically advanced systems requiring an understanding of complex software and hardware products.
* Proven experience working with multi-disciplinary engineering teams and customers
* Ability to create and deliver presentations and technical / programmatic reports to key leadership and the customer.
* Willingness to travel
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously while maintaining a strong attention to detail and focus on customer outcomes.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to identify emerging trends and adapt product strategies accordingly.
* Demonstrated experience working with both internal and external stakeholders across various technical domains, fostering collaboration and driving alignment.
* Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
* Ability to organize, prioritize and simplify complex problems
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative team environment.

US Salary Range

$165,000—$218,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
