---
title: Quality Specialist, Intelligence Systems (Secret Clearance)
status: active
id: '5159824007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5159824007?gh_jid=5159824007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T17:52:14-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T11:24:56-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Quality Control : Production Operations'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (Susan St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Intelligence Systems is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Quality Specialist to join our Quality Team in ***Santa Ana***. This Quality Specialist is a professional who is responsible for monitoring, inspecting and proposing measures to correct or improve the incoming inspection process to meet quality standards. They are a highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment. They will partner across the organization and help prioritize process and product quality issues that impact the effectiveness of the incoming materials inspection process as well as provide support for end of line supplier inspection. Also, as a quality specialist, they are responsible for monitoring, inspecting and proposing measures to correct or improve the final product quality standard. This role will focus on both product quality issues as well as process issues that impact efficiencies and completeness of of the inspection operations.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Manages the site Materials Review Board (MRB) process
* Inspect to verify non-conforming parts at Santa Ana  Site and at Supplier Sites as assigned
* Partner with Site Supplier Quality Engineering Organization  to support Supplier Quality Control
* Assist in the root cause analysis
* Assist in the dispositioning of non-conforming material and ensure the tasks are completed in a timely manner
* Manage internal re-work to support dispositions
* Ensure data collection and entry is accurate and complete for the MRB process
* Communicate the process performance and quality issues to key stakeholders to drive improvements
* Execute vendor return material authorization (RMA) with partnership between Warehouse and Buyers to ensure material leaves the MRB area for suppliers
* Perform Verification of First Article Inspection (FAI) on incoming material and coordinate acceptance of FAI data submitted by suppliers
* Manage quality containment process for material, tooling, and inspection equipment that are involved in non-conformances impacting production capacity and capability
* Create inspection plans for incoming material, in-process inspection steps, and end of line inspection, as per direction from product quality engineers.  Execute inspection as needed
* Train technicians and inspectors to execute inspection plans and data capture in the process
* Propose, develop and implement quality assurance policies and procedures and review with the product quality engineers
* Review and propose continuous improvement projects for productivity gains, quality improvements, and benefits to Anduril's quality policy
* Deep dive into data and traceability investigations to identify trends, oddities, inconsistencies, and variation that impacts the effectiveness of processes, procedures, and product quality

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Associate degree or equivalent in a related field, or equivalent experience
* 5+ years of experience in metrology inspection or quality role
* Experience with production support and quality management
* Proficiency with ERP/MES software and inspection data management software
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team
* Attention to detail and strong organizational skills
* Experience with Calibrated equipment (calipers, micrometers, CMM, Faro arm, OMM, etc.)
* Knowledge & understanding of dimensioning and tolerancing as per Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)
* Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings (wire diagrams, work instructions, CAD)
* Analyze inspection results and provide feedback to production, manufacturing engineering, and quality engineering departments
* Experience using investigative equipment such as x-ray inspection, digital characterization, material certificate of compliance, etc.
* Experience in a facility with AS9100, ISO9001, IATF 16949 or similar QMS standard
* Experience with validation and testing assemblies and their components
* Experience with communicating with suppliers and cross functional teams
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Technical or Associates degree in related quality/mechanical/aerospace engineering field
* ASQ Certified Quality Engineer, Quality Improvement Associate, or equivalent. IPC-A-610 or IPC-A-620 Certification
* Knowledge of 6 sigma, TQM, TPS, Lean, Low Rate Production
* Experience with inspection of Electrical and Electronic Components (Power Supplies, PCBs, wire-harnesses)
* Experience with auditing processes and procedures in a manufacturing environment
* Detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight - strong ability to communicate with different cross functional teams

US Hourly Range

$47.59—$62.50 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
