---
title: Warehouse Associate
status: active
id: '5159400007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5159400007?gh_jid=5159400007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T23:08:04-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T23:08:04-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Warehousing & Transportation'
offices:
- Alexandria, Australia
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Anduril Australia team is seeking to hire a detail-oriented and motivated Warehouse Associate to join our thriving operations team. In this role, you will be pivotal in ensuring efficient receipt, storage, and shipment of products while maintaining accurate inventory records using advanced tools such as Excel and warehouse management systems. This includes partnering closely with the test and production teams to ensure that our accelerated challenges are executed efficiently and effectively. If you are someone who excels at communicating clearly, managing many tasks in a fast paced environment and driving operational excellence in a dynamic warehouse environment, then the Warehouse Associate role is for you.  
  
WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Receive & Inspect Shipments: Unload deliveries, verify contents against purchase orders, and ensure processes are met.
* Order Fulfillment: Efficiently pick work orders with accuracy and speed, ensuring that all products are correctly identified, labelled, packaged, and documented to meet expectations and support seamless order fulfillment.
* Inventory Management: Use Excel and warehouse management systems to track inventory levels, conduct cycle counts, and reconcile discrepancies. Iterate upon and improve inventory management and support continue improvement for material workflows to reflect the growing and evolving business needs.
* Data Reporting: Generate and update inventory reports using Excel to support management in decision-making and process improvements.
* Warehouse Maintenance: Ensure a clean, safe, and well-organized work environment by adhering to safety and operational protocols.
* Communication: Effectively and work closely with team members and supervisors to resolve issues and optimize warehouse operations. across channels with the hardware and production team about Anduril’s material flow.
* Collaboration: Proactively identify, propose, and support driving continue improvement processes.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Significant experience as a warehouse or logistics coordinator or equivalent role.
* Experience collaborating cross functionally working towards a common goal.
* Polished communication skills.
* A bias towards action.
* Familiar with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems and/or other warehouse management and inventory control tooling.
* Familiar with Microsoft Office or equivalent office management tooling.
* Excellent customer service skills.
* Ability to prioritize tasks efficiently.
* Forklift/crane license(s).
* Valid drivers license.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a NV1 Security Clearance.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
