---
title: Maintenance Technician
status: active
id: '5159676007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5159676007?gh_jid=5159676007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T08:12:22-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T13:53:52-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Maintenance Technician to join our Composites Manufacturing team in North Carolina. This team operates in a facility with numerous pieces of industrial production equipment for composite processing in both prototype and production environments. In these environments, maintenance to the production equipment is required to be efficient and effective.  
  
The right person for this role will demonstrate end to end knowledge on the maintenance and upkeep of mechanical and electrical systems within a manufacturing environment, including hydraulic systems. You will be charged with working within a team who’s sole role is to enable North Carolina’s manufacturing though the upkeep of our production equipment.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Performs routine preventative maintenance on a wide variety of composite manufacturing equipment (autoclaves, ovens, hydraulic presses, ply cutters, filament winders, etc.)
* Ensure completion and correct filing of maintenance records.
* Utilize CMMS to complete PMs and track weekly progress.
* Participate in facility improvement projects.
* Assist in the development and improvement of maintenance procedures.
* Develop creative solutions unique to our processes and equipment.
* Perform troubleshooting and unscheduled maintenance on equipment. This includes the potential for off-hours work to minimize equipment downtime.
* Assist in sourcing parts while keeping a balance between lead time and competitive pricing in mind.
* Assist in commissioning new equipment.
* Assist in the expansion of existing or adding new infrastructure (compressed air and house vacuum systems) to the facility. In some cases, this may mean design work and developing a BOM.
* Coordination with vendors and contractors while onsite.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Ability to apply a broad working knowledge of mechanical, electrical, and hydraulic systems to maintain and repair diverse equipment
* 2+ years experience in an equipment maintenance role within a manufacturing facility (or similar role and/or facility)
* Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety procedures, rules of operation, maintenance manuals, and written instructions.
* Ability to communicate with a multidisciplined team (MFG Engineering, Supply Chain, Leads and Managers, and Quality)
* Ability to lift, push, pull, and carry up to 50lbs
* Ability to stand for extended periods of time with the expectation of stooping, bending, crouching, twisting, and kneeling may be required to complete a given task
* Full-time on site in Anduril’s Morrisville, NC facility
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High School Diploma or Equivalent
* Proficiency with Microsoft 365

US Hourly Range

$20.01—$30.01 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
