---
title: Support Systems Lead, Copperhead
status: active
id: '5160598007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5160598007?gh_jid=5160598007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T14:27:58-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T21:53:41-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Engineering
  & Operations : Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril’s Maritime Division has assembled a diverse team of experts in software, robotics, artificial intelligence, sensor fusion, and data analysis to create software and hardware solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of our customers. We are fielding the next generation of autonomous systems to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of maritime operations. Anduril has brought to market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth underwater vessel platform and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "small" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on billion-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
This role is centered on Copperhead, Anduril's small-diameter autonomous underwater vehicle. As we prepare to field this capability at scale, you will be tasked with creating the entire operational framework that ensures its success. Your work will define how this asset is deployed, sustained, and utilized by our partners in the field  
  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
You will lead the technical development of a holistic support system for service, maintenance, support, and production of maritime products. As an early performer on a new Maritime product, you will be challenged to rethink the possible as you envision and implement methodology to support large fleets of autonomous systems at the speed of relevance. You will work closely with Anduril’s Strategy team and strategic opportunity customers to develop this approach, to ensure that requirements are tied to customer inputs and there is traceability to program office technical decisions.  
  
Your spectrum of support will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build cross-functional teams, and rapidly drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience in programmatic level decision will play a key component in making sure the right design/analysis/ and test steps are being completed to ensure success. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience executing and successfully completing prior highly optimized multi-disciplinary projects.  
  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Plan, coordinate, and lead the development and sustainment of a holistic Support System (including production, launch, depot and field maintenance, training, and everything in between)
* Hire, develop, and grow a multi-disciplinary Support System team (Technicians, Engineers, Technical Writers, Trainers etc) to provide world-class training, logistics, and support
* Collaborate with customer stakeholders on a comprehensive concept of employment to ensure needs are met and customer inputs are used to influence the design of other systems to align with expected methods for employment
* Manage a cohesive plan to support deployed assets, inclusive of identifying critical infrastructure requirements such as maintenance depots, test sites, etc.
* Work directly with operators to gain hands-on experience using our equipment, and assist in the scoping and design of future support infrastructure
* Develop a strategy for customer training and train-the-trainer curriculum, including planning approach to training in a modern tech product environment
* Manage requirements for fielded system support equipment, including handling equipment, shipping and logistics equipment, shoreside C2 systems, host vessels, and remote tasking and monitoring equipment
* Own critical interfaces with other system elements and work closely within the team to deliver a tightly integrated end-to-end system capability
* Own the end-to-end vendor management process, from flowing down technical requirements to ensuring on-time delivery of critical components to meet program deadlines.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Marine Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering, or proven experience in a relevant field
* Experience working in logistics, support, maintenance, or training management roles and familiarity with support of fielded systems in the control of customers
* Experience working on and in service of maritime craft, either commercial or defense focused, and an innate understanding of the requirements to support a robotic systems at sea
* Be an experienced leader with the depth and breadth of leadership capability who enables and empowers their people
* Be able to think strategically and plan long term but also to be in the detail, act tactically when required and to simplify the complex. Strong bias to action and an affective decision maker who is able to operate in a fast paced environment
* Be personally resilient and self-starting; ability to build from the ground up in a highly dynamic and innovative environment
* Be highly collaborative with the ability to work with both internal and external stakeholders, challenging constructively where necessary
* Exercise extremely high ownership; take significant pride in the quality and efficacy of your work
* Ability to obtain and maintain a DOD Secret clearance
* Travel 25% to Customer and Test Sites

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Demonstrated understanding of multi-domain unmanned and autonomous weapon system development and employment
* Demonstrated engineering management capability; proven technical and personnel leadership qualities
* Strong understanding of reliability, autonomous system architectures, and overall design approach for unmanned weapons systems
* Experience building and managing cross-functional teams focused around a common vision

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
