---
title: Travel Manager
status: active
id: '5160044007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5160044007?gh_jid=5160044007
lastmod: '2026-06-09T13:51:10-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T13:46:55-04:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Operations : Corporate Operations : CAO Office'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are looking for a detail-oriented corporate travel manager to manage an efficient corporate travel program that meets the fast-paced nature of our business. You will implement and enforce effective corporate travel policies and monitor traveling activity and programs. You will need to maintain and build relationships with airlines and hotels so that our employees have a smooth travel experience and the company is responsible about travel spend. You’ll work closely with the Finance and Accounting team to ensure that travel spend is budgeted and charged correctly, and also with the People team to ensure that candidates, new hires, and existing employees have a seamless travel experience.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a corporate travel & expense manager, you should be a strategic thinker and able to create travel policies according to the company’s needs. If you add excellent people skills, organizational ability and a great deal of professionalism, then you’re someone we’d like to meet!

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Split your time between travel management and expense management
  + Support with annual travel contracts and renegotiations
  + Support individual travelers when questions/issues arise
  + Support with unused airline ticket management
  + Review and approve a subset of employee expenses & reimbursements
  + Support with month end close, ensuring employee expenses are completed and approved in a timely manner to limit accrual
  + Manage Business Travel Accidents (BTA) and Auto insurance (both active/new claims and renewal of these policies)
* Maintain trustworthy relationships with travel agencies and vendors
* Ensure compliance with travel & expense policies and procedures
* Suggest improvement and innovation in travel programs
* T&E system management including proper account classification for expense reimbursements and corporate card transactions
* Manage corporate card program and assist employees where needed
* Work closely with T&E system support to streamline processes and roll out new features

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Previous working experience as corporate travel & expense manager for 3+ years
* Hands-on experience with international travel regulations and currencies
* 3+ years of experience with T&E reporting and processing
* Experience with integrations between travel & expense tools and ERPs
* Good knowledge of MS Office and CTM/GDS solutions
* Good time-management skills
* Ability to multi-task
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills
* Critical-thinker and problem-solver
* Customer-centered mindset
* You like to build and enjoy iterating on things quickly
* You have a strong bias for action and like to work with high autonomy
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with Egencia & Ramp (our travel & expense platforms)
* Experience auditing travel transactions and enforcing policies to ensure responsible spending

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
