---
title: Hardware Technician I
status: active
id: '5160373007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5160373007?gh_jid=5160373007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T12:27:41-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T10:22:16-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : IT : IT Hardware'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are seeking a Hardware Technician I to join our Hardware team, responsible for essential tasks including computer imaging, hardware troubleshooting, managing return merchandise authorizations (RMAs), supporting device audits, handling physical device logistics, asset tagging, and resolving Jira ticket queries.

### ABOUT THE JOB

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Provide on-site technical assistance for both software and hardware issues at our Costa Mesa headquarters.
* Offer support for Asset Management tasks, including audits, inventory management, and shipping logistics.
* Handle the repair, refurbishment, and e-waste processes for desktops, laptops, and mobile devices.
* Manage the deployment of mobile technology including cell phones, hotspots, tablets, and encrypted USB drives.
* Image, configure, and deploy endpoint hardware such as laptops, desktops, mobile devices, monitors, and peripheral equipment.
* Maintain a full workload of support tickets, ranging from application installations and device configurations to hardware troubleshooting and system upgrades.
* Prepare workstations with necessary equipment such as monitors, keyboards, mice, and additional peripherals.
* Assist in the creation and maintenance of team documentation.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* At least one year of experience in PC/Apple hardware and operating systems (Windows 10/11, Mac OS, Linux).
* A minimum of one year of experience managing desktop-related incidents and providing deskside support, preferably with Jira ticketing experience.
* Proficiency in the following technologies is required:
  + Windows 10/11
  + macOS and iOS
  + Basic knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu, RHEL, & Nix) is a plus
  + Familiarity with OS Imaging is advantageous
  + Experience with desktop applications such as Microsoft Office, Adobe, Anti-Virus, and PAM is beneficial.
* The ideal candidate should be enthusiastic, motivated, a good team player, dependable, and possess outstanding customer service skills.
* Attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
* Availability to travel to local offices as necessary.
* Ability to lift up to 50 pounds without assistance.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Hourly Range

$22.60—$30.29 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
