---
title: Classified System Administrator (Active Clearance), Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5160343007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5160343007?gh_jid=5160343007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T13:04:15-04:00'
date: '2026-06-10T10:10:17-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Classified Systems'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.  
  

### ABOUT THE JOB

We're seeking a skilled Classified Systems Administrator with expertise in Linux and Microsoft environments to provide comprehensive IT support across our classified systems. The ideal candidate will have experience in security hardening using DISA STIGs, troubleshooting air-gapped environments, and the ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Provide 1st, 2nd, and 3rd tier IT support to Anduril employees across classified systems
* Install, operate, maintain and troubleshoot air-gapped classified IT systems consisting of a variety of operating systems and hardware
* Provide on-call, on-site IT support if system becomes non-operational
* Write instructional documentation and convey highly technical ideas in non-technical terms
* Perform security hardening of systems using DISA STIG’s and other best practice security guidelines

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Defaults to taking ownership of projects. Never waits to be directed
* Experience with physical hardware - servers, cabling, desktops, laptops, phones, tablets
* Experience building, deploying and troubleshooting air-gapped IT systems
* DoD approved 8570/8140 baseline certification (Security +, CySA+, CISSP, etc)
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance with Full Scope Polygraph

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Previous support to classified IT systems
* Low voltage cabling experience
* Experience with a scripting language (Bash, Python, etc.) to automate and solve reoccurring tasks
* Experience Troubleshooting Applications.
* Account Maintenance with Active Directory/CRM.
* Experience with managing large Oracle and SQL Server databases, be able to execute and troubleshoot database
* SQL scripts.
* Reviewing Virtual tables and DBA views for any issues that may arise.
* Locate user session data via the command line.
* Database backups for Disaster Recovery preparation and maintenance of databases. Scripts to perform Level 0
* and delta (Level 0/1) backups, full logical export of all database data that collects snapshots of parameter files and
* checks database for logical and physical corruption.
* Virtual Machine Management Service (Hyper-V / VMware).
* Maintaining/upgrading system hardware and startup/shutdown of rack components.
* Applying OS updates, anti-virus/anti-spyware updates, and Application updates.
* Importing/Exporting large data volumes.
* Install and resolve software problems with applications to include secure print/scan, Sentris, Pitbull, VoIP, Gitlab, Microsoft SQL, Postgres, and WSUS.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
