---
title: Executive Business Partner
status: active
id: '5160760007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5160760007?gh_jid=5160760007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T18:05:36-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T18:05:36-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Air Dominance & Strike Administration : Administration'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### 

### ABOUT THE JOB:

The Executive Business Partner will be a high-impact contributor in supporting 2-3 VPs within our Air Dominance and Strike Division. This role involves managing complex scheduling, optimizing multiple workflows, and requires the ability to drive results in an ambiguous environment. You will partner closely with office leadership, bridging administrative efficiency with high-level operational execution. The ideal candidate has experience working in senior-level government or C-suite offices, possesses a deep understanding of Anduril’s mission and is eager to expand their knowledge within the defense technology sector.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO:

* Provide comprehensive executive assistant support to multiple VP-level Executives ensuring efficient management of calendars, including coordinating meetings, events, and travel arrangements.
* Serves as the primary scheduling liaison for internal and external stakeholders.
* Monitor and record progress among several strategic projects, communications, and engagements, ensuring alignment with VP and division goals and objectives.
* Proactively identify, prioritize, and resolve potential scheduling or logistical conflicts before they arise.
* Develop efficient, organized processes that streamline the prioritization of critical objectives, and identify gaps.
* Coordinate and monitor executive-level meetings by aligning participants, preparing materials, and optimizing logistics for maximum efficiency and productivity.
* Assist with the execution of special projects, conducting research, and compiling of data.
* Arrange logistics for high-level internal and external events, including budget tracking, cross-functional coordination, participation management, venue selection, and protocol for VIPs.
* Cultivate strong relationships within the immediate team and across departments, becoming a trusted partner to leaders by understanding team dynamics, priorities, and stakeholders.
* Handle confidential communications with discretion and professionalism, demonstrating a deep understanding of company policies and executive perspectives.
* Collaborate with the executive support team to strategically deconflict and prioritize high-level engagements across multiple calendars. Provide backup support to other administrative assistants as a member of the administrative team.
* Contribute to team effort by performing related management and administrative tasks as needed, demonstrating flexibility and willingness to jump into a variety of problem-solving efforts.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* 6+ years of relevant experience, preferably within high-tech, faced paced environments.
* Exceptional executive assistant skills, with the ability to 'think two steps ahead'.
* Experience with managing, tracking and prioritizing internal and external correspondence, invitations, and requests.
* Expertise in coordinating meetings.
* Ability to navigate within a fast-paced environment with the understanding of when and how to escalate actions for quick decisions.
* Proven external stakeholder relationship management skills.
* Detail-oriented with a proactive approach to problem-solving and decision-making.
* Experience coordinating and booking domestic and international travel.
* Proficient in utilizing functional systems for calendar and work management (Microsoft Office Suite and Slack).
* Previous success establishing standard operating procedures within a startup or similar environment.
* Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, and the ability to effectively engage with internal and external high-level officials and C-suite executives.
* Some domestic travel may be required.
* Completed Undergraduate Degree.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
