---
title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Mechanical
status: active
id: '5161769007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5161769007?gh_jid=5161769007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:16:09-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T16:13:06-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Manufacturing Engineering'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
As our Maritime team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, creative, and innovative team that is passionate about subsea robotics and exploring the open ocean. We work in a highly dynamic environment where collaboration and idea sharing are a way of life.Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Senior Manufacturing Engineer, Mechanical to join our rapidly growing team in Quonset Point, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for the primary technical resource for the manufacturing floor, acting as the critical liaison between design engineering and production operations. This hands-on role is responsible for ensuring that complex defense systems are built efficiently, on-time, and to rigorous quality standards. The ideal candidate thrives in a dynamic environment, excels at real-time problem-solving, and is passionate about driving continuous improvement to optimize production flow, quality, and cost. Executing on this responsibility will entail active collaboration with Anduril teams across Supply Chain, Engineering, Quality, and Business Operations. The right person for this role can demonstrate past ownership on solving production challenges with creative solutions in a fast-paced, resource-limited environment.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Serve as the first point of contact for production operators, technicians, and supervisors to resolve manufacturing issues in real-time.
* Investigate and resolve production line-down situations, assembly problems, process deviations, and tooling issues to minimize downtime and maintain schedule.
* Lead the disposition of Non-Conforming Reports (NCRs) and guide Material Review Board (MRB) activities for production-related defects, determining root cause and implementing immediate corrective actions.
* Provide clear and concise interpretation of engineering drawings, specifications, and work instructions to the production team.
* Develop, maintain, and continuously improve detailed manufacturing work instructions, assembly guides, and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to ensure clarity, repeatability, and quality. Manage these requirements within Anduril’s MES.
* Manage the implementation of Engineering Change Notices (ECNs) on the production floor, including updating documentation, coordinating tooling changes, and training operators on new procedures.
* Provide technical guidance to the production technicians and work with other engineers side-by-side, building prototype hardware for test and evaluation.
* Monitor and analyze key production metrics (yield, throughput, scrap rates, labor hours) to identify negative trends and lead projects to address them.
* Collaborate on the design and optimization of workstation and production line layouts to enhance ergonomics, safety, and efficiency.
* Work with design engineers to embed Design for Manufacturing (DFM) features and principles in product design.
* Foster a collaborative environment that encourages knowledge sharing and team engagement.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of hands-on experience in a manufacturing environment (e.g., aerospace, defense, medical device, complex electronics).
* Bachelor’s degree in Manufacturing Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or a related technical field.
* Demonstrated ability to own a product in manufacturing from start to finish; coordinating among multiple internal and external parties to achieve on-time deliveries under stringent quality standards
* Proven ability to troubleshoot technical manufacturing issues and lead root cause analysis.
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing and continuous improvement methodologies.
* Demonstrated experience reading and interpreting complex engineering drawings, schematics, and specifications, including a strong understanding of GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing).
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively with operators, technicians, and senior management.
* Strong sense of urgency and ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
* Prior knowledge of Oracle (ERP), Teamcenter (PLM), Manufacturing Execution System (MES) or similar systems.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Production line design and set up including Value Stream Mapping, material flow, workstation and tooling design.
* Experience with CAD software (Solidworks, Siemens/Teamcenter)
* Hands on experience in the design and manufacture of welded aluminium structures.
* Experience building engineering release workflows including BOM management with tools such as PLM, ERP and MES in a manufacturing environment.

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
