---
title: 'Director, Mission Systems, Advanced Effects '
status: active
id: '5161816007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5161816007?gh_jid=5161816007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:01:17-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T13:01:17-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
Anduril’s Air Dominance and Strike (AD&S) Missions Systems team is seeking a Director to oversee seeker + sensing systems for Advanced Effects Mission Systems. The AD&S team is responsible for developing end-to-end “mission-ized” autonomous air systems capable of delivering exceptional warfighter outcomes to our customers.   
  
As a Director, Mission Systems, Advanced Effects, you will be responsible for delivering mission outcomes within Anduril programs through the judicious selection, sourcing, and validation of mission relevant payloads and systems. The right person for this role will have experience in payload conceptual development, selection, integration, and validation. You will begin with mission-level outcomes and drive to solutions through appropriate modeling, domain expertise, and vendor engagement. This will require taking ownership of subcontractor and/or internal technical development efforts and working across various Anduril internal teams to appropriately integrate capabilities. If you are someone who enjoys building and delivering compelling next-generation autonomous capabilities through rigorous modeling and exploration of system trades followed by actual vehicle integration, then this role is for you. You will also develop an IRAD plan + creative scope for proposals and execution.   
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Conduct trades for communications, sensing, and effector systems to deliver successful mission outcomes working closely with the broader Advanced Effects team
* Architect autonomous multi-function, multi-mode payload and system solution concepts, requirements, layout, interfaces, & employment
* Adapt or derive physics-based models of payload system performance working closely with subject matter experts
* Adapt or develop validated effects-based models for use in mission-level modeling & simulation tools
* Validate system performance in close cooperation with test & integration engineers
* Work closely with AD&S teams to successfully integrate & deliver high-performance systems to our customers
* Manage subcontractors and/or internal development teams to define subsystem requirements and drive technical performance on schedule
* Communicate results in multiple forms internally and externally

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Communications, sensors, and effector domain expertise in one or more of Radar, EO/IR, RF, and EW systems
* Physics-based modeling and analysis of system performance in tool(s) of your choice
* 5+ years in payload integration and validation. The more the better
* 10+ years in relevant Science and/or Engineering related field

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Knowledge of current and next-generation advanced communications, sensing, and effector systems and platforms
* Platform-level system trade and integration experience
* Advanced proficiency in analytical toolchains or languages (e.g., MATLAB, Python, C++, COMSOL, Ansys)
* Advanced communications experience (e.g., secure LPx line-of-sight, beyond line-of-sight, tactical data links)
* Advanced sensing domain experience (e.g., EO/IR, ESM, EA, EW, LIDAR)
* Experience with missile design & integration

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
