---
title: Electrical Engineering Lab Supervisor
status: active
id: '5161693007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5161693007?gh_jid=5161693007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T12:46:55-04:00'
date: '2026-06-17T12:45:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Hardware Engineering Services'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are looking for an EE Lab Supervisor to join our Electrical Engineering lab team to provide leadership and guidance and improve product quality for our Anduril Product Team.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* The EE Lab Supervisor will provide technical expertise and guidance to the Engineering Technician team on harness and PCBA build and rework in our HQ EE Lab
* Oversee day to day activities of the physical EE lab and ensure the highest standards and availability of tools, instruments, and equipment. (ie. installation, calibration, maintenance and procurement of tools and test equipment)
* Identify opportunities, propose and lead the implementation of changes to drive improvements
* Anticipate future equipment, tools, and lab space needed and lead effort to meet project and business needs
* Plan and direct assigned tasks and project activities with the accountability for successful completion of assigned deliverables in a timely manner
* Perform quality inspection and verification of worked performed by team per industry standard (ie. IPC)
* Ensure team members are properly trained and use equipment and tools according to procedures and/or work instructions
* Support engineering activities such as building prototypes, sub-assemblies, and prepare feasibility test units, samples under the guidance of engineers
* Perform work using drawings, diagrams, written and verbal instructions, layouts or defined plans to perform testing, checkout, and trouble-shooting functions
* Conduct repairs and reworks of PCBAs and cable harnesses/assemblies during engineering tests and prototyping activities
* Procure and source electro-mechanical components and subcomponents under the direction of engineers as required
* Fabricate special test equipment, electronic test boxes, and harnesses
* Independently set up and utilize standard test equipment, including oscilloscopes, power analyzers, power supplies, and digital multimeters
* Perform circuit board electronic modifications, such as component rework, soldering/de-soldering of electronic components per industry standards such as IPC-A-7711 / IPC-A-610 / IPC-A-620
* Able to work in a fast paced environment with ambiguous targets and adapt work plans based on new outcomes

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum 5 years experience as an Engineering Technician working in a prototype/engineering development lab environment
* Prior leadership experience in an engineering lab environment
* Ability to read and understand complex PCBA schematics, cable assembly drawings, and test procedures, without the need to have detailed assembly instructions
* Experience with building and troubleshooting prototype electro-mechanical hardware, such as PCBAs, cables and wiring harnesses, and electro-mechanical assemblies (drones, vehicles, or eq.)
* Familiar and comfortable with standard electrical prototyping processes, such as PCBA rework
* Extensive prototyping experience: Soldering, crimping, assembling cables to IPC Standards
* Able to hand solder PCBAs per J-STD-001 / IPC-A-610 / IPC-A-7711
* Wire harness experience in accordance with IPC-A-620 standards
* Strong knowledge of electrical components & connectors, familiar with basic hand tools and crimping equipment
* Basic electrical understanding and understanding of fundamental electrical engineering concepts
* Familiarity with basic electrical test equipment such as DMMs, oscilloscopes, function generators, etc.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an U.S. security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum 8 years experience as an Engineering Technician in a developmental lab environment
* 5 years of prior leadership experience in an engineering lab environment
* Associates or Bachelors degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Math
* Strong understanding of PCBs, PCBAs, prototyping and assembly techniques
* Experience with task management software such as Trello or JIRA
* Experience with electrical CAD tools such as Altium, Rapid Harness or other EWIS software
* Current IPC certification (CIS / CIT / MIT)
* Willing to work overtime, and weekends, as needed
* Ability to lift a minimum of 25 lbs unassisted

US Salary Range

$98,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
