---
title: Senior Manager, Manufacturing Operations
status: active
id: '5162549007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5162549007?gh_jid=5162549007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:26:42-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T09:25:20-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Launched Effects Production'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Manufacturing team is responsible for a wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including operating equipment, assembling products, performing quality control checks, and maintaining a safe and efficient work environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Sr. Manager of Manufacturing Operations to join our manufacturing team at Anduril. Here you will work on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible. The Sr. Production Manager will manage a team of highly talented leaders to produce multiple platforms of hardware for strategic military and commercial customers. This is a highly dynamic role that requires both frontline technical and people management skills. The Sr. Manager of Manufacturing Operations is at the forefront of delivering exceptional customer experiences, fostering team culture, and overseeing day-to-day delivery operations. Success in this role demands consistent achievement across customer satisfaction, team management, operations, and financial goals.  
  
The ideal candidate will have new product introduction (NPI) and production scaling experience. The ideal candidate combines technical acumen for effective communication both upwards and downwards, strong time-management skills, and a passion for leading transformative change. The ideal candidate should be energetic, highly organized, and deeply committed to building up American defense capabilities. While individual strength is valued, teamwork is crucial for achieving the highest level of success.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Drive Tier 3 production reporting structures and set safety, quality, cost, and delivery goals across multiple production teams and work centers
* Set monthly and quarterly production targets and maintain accountability for performance across broader manufacturing operations spanning several work centers
* Lead and develop the organizational structure of your leadership team, including succession planning for supervisors and managers
* Define operational direction by establishing goals, policies, and processes, then delegating execution to other leaders on your team
* Shape and adjust manufacturing policies that guide how your team and broader organization operates, with decisions that significantly influence business outcomes across the department
* Tackle complex, often undefined operational challenges that require conceptual thinking and strong understanding of organizational goals, while steering supervisors and managers toward more tactical problem-solving
* Apply sound judgment to select approaches and define success measures that determine how work gets done across multiple production areas
* Lead strategic projects that impact multiple parts of the business and span up to a year in duration, directly affecting monthly to quarterly production plan attainment
* Execute near to long-term business outcomes while driving strategic initiatives that enable production operations and support cross-functional peers
* Set team culture across multiple production leaders and drive both tactical execution and strategic direction for manufacturing operations
* Collaborate frequently with senior leaders and cross-functional teams to align on priorities that span departments and customer needs
* Navigate complex or sensitive conversations with stakeholders, focusing on influencing outcomes while maintaining strong working relationships
* Oversee cross-functional projects that impact all work centers under your responsibility, ensuring alignment with broader organizational objectives
* Be able to perform C-suite level reporting on production performance and strategic vision
* Show up every day with a high level of urgency and extreme ownership to get the job done

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years experience in production oriented fields with at least 3+ years in a Manager or production operations Sr. Manager role in a high volume production environment
* Experience working with ERP and MES systems and implementing new systems
* A full understanding of the product life cycle (NPI to scaled production), LEAN manufacturing principals, and change management (ECOs)
* Can interpret technical documentation (mechanical drawings, work instructions, building plans, equipment specs, electrical schematics, etc.)
* Extremely reliable, organized and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills
* You have a passion for employee development and enjoy the process of training and developing both new leaders and veteran production leadership
* Have proven skills in both process and equipment troubleshooting, allowing you to easily adapt to constantly changing production environments
* Experience supporting process development
* Knowledge of 5S, lean manufacturing or 6-Sigma principles
* Proficient with MS office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project)
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Has led Operations Managers directly and a team size of over 100 individuals
* Regularly performs C-suite level executive reporting
* New product introduction (NPI) experience and ability to operate in all levels of production maturity
* Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (engineering, business, or applied science)
* Lean six sigma green or black belt certified
* Working knowledge of AS9100 standards and OSHA laws
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret Security Clearance
* Experience in a cutting edge manufacturing environment supporting vehicles, aircraft, or complex systems a plus
* Ability to develop cross functional relationships as a well-respected, trusted partner

US Salary Range

$144,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
