---
title: Head of Hardware Test
status: active
id: '5162521007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5162521007?gh_jid=5162521007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:52:19-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T15:37:17-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Platform Operations : Hardware Engineering Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position is designed to lead our entire Test Operations organization. You must bring technical passion and experience in developmental flight testing of unmanned systems at both the system and subsystem levels. You will turn test organizational strategy into reality as Anduril scales. In this role, you will collaborate closely with engineering leadership, program leadership, and cross-functional operations teams, tackling a wide spectrum of challenging problems with your team.  
  
The Test Operations organization at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, covering all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system-level integration and development testing for ground and flight operations, production acceptance flight testing, sub-component qualification testing, and much more. In short, if it involves testing, we support it.  
  
If you are interested in being accountable for an innovative, fast-paced organization—where your strategic decisions and implementation directly make an impact—this is a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Oversee the Test, Evaluation and Operations organization for Anduril under the Hardware Platform organization, including test site operations, test engineering, and test integration activities.
* Provide and promote strong leadership and mentorship for the organization.
* Organize and mentor career paths that span multiple years and support the growth of Anduril employees.
* Lead an organization of Engineers, Test Site Management staff, UAS Operators, and Technicians.
* Ensure that conditions and provisions are in place for the safest test operations.
* Implement Operational Risk Management (ORM) practices to identify and minimize personal risk.
* Organize, execute, and direct Anduril policies, standards, and training to ensure safety-of-flight is conducted with minimized risk and maximized success for our customers.
* This includes, but is not limited to, test plans, Test Review Boards (TRBs), Safety Review Boards (SRBs), and other Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
* Own and administer training standards and qualifications for UAS operators, as well as for piloted chase plane activities and charter flight operations.
* There is an opportunity to expand these standards to include surface and submersible operations.
* Familiarity with ground system controls and telemetry requirements in test and UAS operations.
* Support the sustainment organization with initial training and technical writing content requests.
* Provide test support for proposal activities and engage in external customer conversations and presentations.
* Accountable for managing and operating Anduril test sites across various locations, both CONUS and OCONUS.

+ Identify and prepare new test sites that meet product test needs.

* Connect, communicate, and collaborate with internal customer business lines requiring test support.

+ Work with stakeholder support groups including manufacturing, supply chain, sustainment, and facilities.
+ Ensure traceability exists between subsystem verification testing and end-system test and evaluation.

* Org growth opportunities include extending into subsystem and component test and validation.
* Ensure the organization maintains the training and certifications required to perform their roles (including both Anduril internal requirements and external requirements, such as FAA regulations).
* Advise internal and external leadership on the organization’s flight capabilities and other capabilities within the Anduril test ecosystem.
* Own the execution of ATPs requiring flight operations—from small drones to Group 5 UAS level operations.
* Frequent travel across multiple test sites and locations is expected.
* Maintain and promote a high degree of professionalism, including punctuality and accountability.
* Be accountable for executing an annual operating plan within budget and schedule for the items listed above.
* Shape and drive continued strategy related to these responsibilities.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Must have had direct accountability for leading an organization of at least 25 people.
* Strong matrix and programmatic cross-functional leadership experience will be considered.
* Previous accountability and direct experience managing, participating in, and owning a flight organization and its associated sites.
* Experience with airfields, bases, runways, airspace, frequency management, munitions (airborne and ground operations), ground and flight test scheduling, and overall asset management and utilization.
* A technical undergraduate degree or equivalent technical experience and training.
* Familiarity with verification and validation events as they relate to a product development process.
* Experience in test, subsystem testing, and qualifications tracing to end-system tests.
* Must be flexible and creative enough to push aggressive test operation schedules while maintaining appropriate rigor and safety standards.
* Must be willing and capable of over-communicating with internal customers and other stakeholders.
* Driven and biased towards action; must drive the team to meet and communicate timelines on behalf of business lines, treating business line needs as if their professional success depends on it.
* Ability to drive and enable an efficient test program and ground/flight operation schedule.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance as a U.S. Citizen.
* Experience and familiarity with aircraft maintenance standards
* Ability to travel up to 50% routinely, and higher during deadline surge scenarios.
* Able to work extended hours on test sites in various locations.
* Comprehension of FAA compliance and guidelines from other relevant aviation authorities.
* Experience in planning and executing UAS missions.
* Knowledge of risk management and safety protocols within UAS operations.
* Aviation safety training.
* Familiarity in working with one or more of the following system groups:

+ Group 1-5 Unmanned Aerial Systems, including rotary wing, fixed wing, turbine jet, VTOL, and missile body aircraft.

* Air sense and situational awareness; Demonstrated technical and operational understanding of flight operations, Flying systems, and sensors.
* Ability to solve problems in unstructured situations at the interface of hardware, software, and operations to achieve strategic and mission success.
* Experience working with cross-functional engineering teams and external customers, with a demonstrated ability to reconcile differing opinions and achieve consensus on objectives.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Test pilot school and/or test squadron or organization background (e.g., Operator, Pilot, NFO, WSO, Navigator, Flight Test Engineer).
* Military aviation training at some level as an operator of an aviation system (or civilian equivalent).

US Salary Range

$254,000—$336,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
