---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '5163327007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5163327007?gh_jid=5163327007
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:27:22-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T10:30:37-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Rocket Motor Systems Engineering : Electrical Design'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

*The Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team is on a mission to build next generation solid rocket motors for a safer, more connected world. To achieve our vision of becoming a large-volume provider of tactical rocket motors, we will develop differentiated products and services that maximize our customers’ capabilities, and we will establish and maintain a reputation of Quality and Reliability.*  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
As the Sr. Electrical Engineer, you will specify, design, develop and install devices used to collect data on solid rocket motor burn performance. Additionally, you will design custom electronic solutions—including PCBs, firmware, and FPGA code—needed to manufacture and test solid rocket motors, which will include working with integrated safety-critical designs. This position also requires the ability to configure data collection systems and develop software applications used to collect the data. It is expected that you may oversee technicians during the instrumentation installation and during rocket motor testing/development. The right person for this role has direct, hands-on experience with the design, development, and installation of sensors used to collect a variety of metrics related to testing of solid rocket motors. If you are a hands-on leader, have an entrepreneurial spirit, and enjoy being the point person for collecting valuable performance data, then this role is for you. You will also design other electronics solution include PCB, firmware and FPGA code needed to manufacturer and test solid rocket motors which will include working with integrated safety designs used to initiate the motor.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Analyzes current equipment; identifies areas of inefficiency and needs for improvement; designs and develops instrumentation to meet those needs.
* Collaborates with other engineers to develop accurate, efficient equipment and instrumentation in accordance with safety and usability standards and client expectations.
* Designs and tests prototypes of equipment including
* Design and execution of PCBA and electrical system components with hands on testing and rework as necessary
* Creates basic schematics and simulated models to test designs; modifies designs to meet specifications and budget requirements.
* Oversees the implementation of new measuring devices and control systems, ensuring devices are correctly installed and properly tested.
* Acts as project engineer for design, prototype fabrication, and manufacturing development.
* Develops need cable drawings to interface to various low voltage interfaces
* Drafts and presents formal technical documents, reports, and testing results to manager for approval.
* Provides training related to devices to employees and/or customers.
* Performs other duties as assigned.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* A minimum of 5 years’ experience with the design, development, and installation of sensors employed to collect data on system performance.
* NI Labview or NI DAQmx experience or familiar with other COTS data acquisition systems
* Thorough understanding of signal conditioning for data acquisition, i.e. analog circuit design
* Intimate knowledge of the analog to digital conversion process, i.e. digital circuit design
* Understand Computer controlled data acquisition and able to develop computer applications for data collection.
* Able to select the correct sensors and design the placement of them to acquire the needed solid rocket motor performance metrics.
* Thorough understanding of applied math and physics.
* Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
* Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite and proficient with computer-aided design software.
* Ability to write and understand Python
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Advanced degree in engineering
* Experience with circuit simulation tools (spice)
* Experience using EDA tools such as Altium/Or CAD
* Familiar with real-time computer architectures and their OS’s
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret Security Clearance

US Salary Range

$113,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
