---
title: Software Engineer - Mobile, Android
status: active
id: '5163532007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5163532007?gh_jid=5163532007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T09:42:42-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Tactical Recon & Strike : Precision Engagement Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for Android Engineers to join our team. As an Android Engineer at Anduril you will be architecting and building out user interface applications from backend to frontend, deploying them to users, and making sure they're meeting users' requirements. You will be working alongside a team of engineers with diverse backgrounds as well as engaging with internal and external stakeholders. Your decisions will have a large impact on the company today and into the future. We believe that simple systems are easier to understand, maintain, and scale. You will be making trade-offs as you work to ensure that our systems are prepared to scale — being able to effectively communicate these trade-offs with your teammates is key.  
  
**What You’ll Do**

* Design, build, test, and deploy real-time, map-based user interfaces for displaying and interacting with sensor data and controlling the Ghost, Altius, and Bolt aircraft from an Android application through the Android Tactical Assault Kit’s (ATAK) plugin ecosystem to enable tactical control for end users.
* Define and implement APIs for network communications, real-time telemetry, vehicle configuration, sensor/payload control with full motion video streaming, manual controls, and autonomous tasking.
* Help define foundational software architectures, visual designs, and user experience/interaction workflows for multiple UAS, working directly with chief engineers, product designers, program managers, flight test engineers, and end-user customers to demonstrate capability and iterate on feedback.
* Work directly with Android frontend technologies like Jetpack Compose, high-performance backend technologies like Java/Kotlin/C++/Rust/Golang, and software product lifecycle technologies likes CMake/Cargo/gradle/NixOS/CircleCI/Docker.
* Work directly with the Android Tactical Assault Kit (ATAK) SDK and the TAK Product Centers’ developer community (see [tak.gov](http://TAK.gov) for more information).
* Work alongside engineers using multiple other full stack technologies like TypeScript/React, C++/Qt, and C#/.NET.
* Test and evaluate your software at multiple levels of rigor using simulations, benchtop hardware, and live flight assets.

**Required Qualifications**

* Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or another related technical degree.
* Experience developing software for user interface applications, especially high-traffic, data-intensive, or map-based systems
* Proficiency with modern Android programming languages including Jetpack Compose, XML, Java, and Kotlin.
* Proficiency with modern backend/middleware programming languages such as C++, Rust, or Golang.
* Familiarity with client/server networking technologies and relationships such as TCP/UDP/Multicast, HTTP (REST), or protobuf/gRPC.
* Proven ability to empathize with users, to break down user needs into software features, and to balance the ideal user experience with practical engineering constraints.
* Willingness to provide on call support to various clients
* Ability to travel up to 30% of the time, potentially including some international travel
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience working with the DoD where safety is paramount, regulations must be balanced, and operational environments are tightly controlled.
* Experience with robotic systems where hardware, physical actuators, datalink networks, sensors and effectors are employed to translate software concepts to physical interactions with the world.
* Experience in a startup or small company working environment where deadlines are tight, requirements are open-ended, and the teams are often fewer than 10 people.
* Experience with 3D geospatial analysis and mapping software such as ArcGIS, Cesium, MapBox, or TAK.
* Experience developing user interface software that does not require Internet access or has local/offline functionality.
* Exposure to build system and software lifecycle technologies such as CMake, Cargo, gradle, NixOS, CircleCI, Gitlab-CI, Docker, Python, Bash, and other developer operations tools.
* Exposure to technologies related to Ghost, Altius, or Bolt such as flight mechanics, UAV control, mesh networking, full motion video processing, and intelligence/surveillance/reconnaissance sensors.
* Exposure to aviation such as a hobbyist RC piloting, holding a Private Pilot License or Part 107 Remote Pilot License, or similar.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
