---
title: Buyer
status: active
id: '5163565007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5163565007?gh_jid=5163565007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T13:24:07-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T11:54:18-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Reconnaissance & Strike - Production'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Buyer to join our rapidly growing team in Quonset, RI. In this role, you will be responsible for managing supplier relationships, negotiating prices, and ensuring parts are delivered on time. This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of a growing and dynamic team working closely with engineering and manufacturing teams to support the development and sourcing of cutting-edge defense technologies. You will work with the broader Supply Chain team to support strategic sourcing initiatives and planning.  
  
The right person for this role is someone who can excel in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment where small teams share a broad variety of duties, has strong people and communication skills, is eager to identify opportunities, find solutions, execute plans, evaluate results critically and expediently, is committed to learning from mistakes and driven to improve and enhance performance of oneself, others, and the company.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Support cross-functional projects to achieve cost, quality, and delivery targets
* Support engineering and manufacturing to determine best sources
* Identify and execute cost reduction projects
* Work with supply base to ensure compliance of complex commercial terms and agreements
* Generate and analyze data to identify trends and support decision-making
* Support strategic sourcing initiatives and make/buy decisions
* Analyze supplier data and identify areas of opportunity for supply chain optimization
* Place purchase orders and resolve downstream issues with receiving, finance, and accounting
* Generate and analyze data to identify trends and support decision-making
* Support strategic sourcing initiatives and make/buy decisions
* Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives for cost savings and quality
* Understand the product BOM to a level that enables quick decision-making as well as effective questioning and discussion of potential sales opportunities
* Own and manage production work orders

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in supply chain, engineering, business, or related field
* 3+ years of purchasing experience, including technical procurement
* Experience with Excel and Oracle or a similar Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
* Excellent documentation, communication, and relationship management skills with ability to drive achievement of objectives
* Excellent problem-solving, organizational, analytical and critical thinking skills including high discretion/judgment in decision making
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Expertise of commercial and FAR/DFAR procurement rules, regulations and laws
* Knowledge of supply chain planning best practices and data processes that generate business value
* Ability to read technical drawings and blueprints

US Salary Range

$90,000—$119,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
