---
title: Senior Environmental Test Manager
status: active
id: '5163418007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5163418007?gh_jid=5163418007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T11:35:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Dev Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a **Senior Environmental Test Manager** to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, Ca. This critical leadership role involves managing personnel, projects, and equipment to conduct rigorous environmental testing of aerospace, military, and space hardware. You will play a vital role in ensuring compliance with industry standards, leading complex testing campaigns, and upholding the highest standards of safety, reliability, and technical excellence. You will be responsible for defining strategic direction, ensuring operational efficiency, and fostering a culture of innovation and continuous improvement within the team.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

+ Lead and manage environmental lab projects, including quoting, planning, execution, data review, test failure analysis, and final reporting.
+ Develop and implement thorough qualification testing strategies for aerospace, military, and space hardware, ensuring compliance with program requirements.
+ Serve as subject matter expert in dynamic and environmental testing.
+ Oversee and provide expert insight into the operation and troubleshooting of advanced data acquisition and control systems, wiring, and instrumentation.
+ Direct the operation and maintenance of a wide range of environmental testing equipment, including shaker tables, thermal chambers, altitude chambers, and thermal vacuum chambers.
+ Lead, mentor, and manage a high-performing team of both hourly and salaried employees, fostering a collaborative and results-driven work environment.
+ Conduct performance evaluations, set clear objectives, and implement strategies for continuous improvement in team productivity and technical capability.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

+ 12+ years of experience in environmental testing, with a significant portion (7+ years) in a management or leadership role.
+ Extensive practical experience and subject matter expertise in environmental test standards (MIL-STD-810, RTCA DO-160, SMC-S-016)
+ Proven ability to operate, manage, and troubleshoot environmental testing equipment, including shaker tables, thermal chambers, altitude chambers, and thermal vacuum chambers.
+ Expertise in various data acquisition systems and sensors (NI cDAQs, Accelerometers, thermocouples)
+ BS, MS or PhD in an engineering discipline
+ Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities
+ Must be able to perform physical efforts including standing for extended periods and lifting and carrying material or equipment up to 25 lbs unassisted

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* + Knowledge of hazardous or pressurized systems (cryogenics, hydraulics, jet fuels, and energy storage systems)
  + Familiarity with instrumentation and control components (load cells, pressure transducers, strain gauges, RTDs, and others)
  + Proficiency in at least one coding language (Python, Matlab, etc)
  + Experience with 3D modeling software and PLM (Siemens NX, Teamcenter, etc)
  + Experience with machining, sheet metal, and 3D printing
  + Strong analytical, interpersonal, and troubleshooting skills combined with creative problem-solving techniques.
  + Experience developing novel solutions to complex testing issues

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
