---
title: Contracts Analyst
status: active
id: '5164917007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5164917007?gh_jid=5164917007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T11:11:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T18:28:06-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Legal : Legal'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is the world’s fastest-growing defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense and security sectors. Our technology helps the United States and its allies solve their hardest national security challenges by enabling operators to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We have assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States, our allies, and commercial customers. If you are passionate about solving problems that have a real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

The Contracts Analyst is a critical member of the Contracts and Legal team, responsible for the administration of contracts throughout the contract lifecycle, including supporting agreement and proposal development, contract execution, and contract closeout. Contract Analysts will serve as a liaison between the Legal Department and other functional departments within the organization relative to contract requirements, compliance, and risks.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* **Contract Review and Analysis**: Examine routine contract terms and conditions to ensure compliance with company policies, legal requirements, and regulatory standards. Identify and assess potential risks, discrepancies, or ambiguities in contract language, proposing alternative clauses or escalating issues to senior management as needed
* **Agreements Review**: Redlines routine agreements, including non-disclosure agreements, teaming agreements, bailment agreements, and other documents from external parties.
* **Contract Lifecycle Managemen**t: Manages contract execution, including tracking periods of performance, contract line item data, and contract compliance requirements through Anduril’s Contracts Management System (CMS). Maintains accurate contract records within Anduril’s CMS and Contracts Landing Pages for compliance and audit purposes.
* **Contract Closeout**. Initiates and completes closeout procedures for various contract types, including but not limited to, verifying that deliverables have been accepted and final payment has been made, contract files are complete to ensure compliance, and modifications are complete to de-obligate excess fund.
* **Payment and Invoicing Issues**. Investigate and resolve billing efforts, inaccuracies, or disputes with vendors or clients in a timely manner.
* **Contracts Data Calls**. Respond to internal and external requests to collect and summarize contract requirements.
* **Stakeholder Collaboration**: Works closely with internal stakeholders, including, but not limited to, Legal leadership, Finance, Growth, Quality, and Procurement, to gather requirements and ensure contract terms align with business objectives.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Education: Bachelor’s Degree in business administration, government, or a related field.
* Experience: 2-4 years of experience in a contract administration, paralegal, or procurement role.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
* Strong command of Microsoft Office Suite, particularly Word (for redlining) and Excel (for tracking)
* A foundational understanding of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS)

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Proficiency in Contract Lifecycle Management (CLM) platforms (e.g., Ivalua, Delltek Costpoint, etc.)
* Certifications from the National Contract Management Association (NCMA), such as the CCCM or CFCM
* Experience in the aerospace, defense, or technology sectors
* Familiarity with regulations such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), and Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act

US Salary Range

$86,000—$112,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
