---
title: 'Systems Engineer, TRS '
status: active
id: '5164077007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5164077007?gh_jid=5164077007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T16:47:57-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) is a division with two missions: 1) build highly capable autonomous drones, and 2) build solid rocket motors at scale. We transform products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt, and Altius from early concepts into fully operational capabilities by partnering closely with specialist engineering, operations, and production teams. Through our Anduril Rocket Motor Systems (RMS) team, we design and manufacture solid rocket motors using advanced materials, proprietary formulations, and high-volume production methods—delivering safe, reliable propulsion systems that support a wide range of mission requirements. TRS hires software engineers & hardware engineers, who are excited to build across a diverse and powerful portfolio—from autonomous aerial systems to high-performance solid rocket motors. Our teams contribute to highly capable autonomous robotics systems and propulsion products that operate reliably in the most demanding mission environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Systems Engineer at Anduril, you will be a pivotal force in the Tactical Recon & Strike division, working on cutting-edge products like Altius, Anvil, Bolt, and Ghost. This role demands a proactive problem-solver with a strong background in electrical engineering, systems engineering principles and safety-critical development. You will drive the technical direction, ensure robust product design, and guide cross-functional teams to deliver critical capabilities that empower our mission. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and are passionate about building revolutionary defense technology from the ground up, we encourage you to apply.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Drive systems thinking, processes, and capabilities for core Anduril Products including Altius, Anvil, Bolt and Ghost.
* Partner with product leads to scope, staff, and deliver capabilities to achieve company milestones working directly with the Business Lines to understand product requirements and deliverables.
* Partner with functional engineering teams to drive architectural design for safety, reliability, usability, modularity, upgradability, maintainability, and diagnosability into systems, subsystems, and interfaces.
* Drive system & subsystem requirements with functional engineering teams, defining risk reduction and verification & validation strategies for system of systems as well as subsystem assemblies.
* Execute and manage System Hazard Analyses (SHAs) and subsystem Failure Modes and Effects Analyses (FME(C)As) to drive safety and reliability centric requirements
* Coordinate and execute test events involving various levels of system integration from in-lab software simulations to flight test.
* Interpret & apply key industry & defense standard requirements for safety and interoperability, e.g. STANAG, MIL-STD-882, MIL-STD-464, MIL-STD-331, MIL-STD-1901A, JOTPs, etc.
* Demonstrate strong ownership, acting as a trusted technical partner to functional engineers and leaders across the organization.
* Ensure requirements are tied tightly to the organization’s capability roadmap, fostering efficient development and rapid iteration.
* Identify and drive to resolution key cross-team dependencies and inefficiencies.
* Autonomously lead and execute complex technical initiatives based on high-level goals from internal engineering, program office, and third-party partners, successfully delivering outcomes across multiple programs simultaneously.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Degree in Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or a related field
* 5+ years experience in defense or safety-critical industry, particularly with safety-critical development standards, reliability and safety fault/hazard analysis, and requirements-driven verification and validation strategies
* Demonstrated proficiency in the application of engineering standards into engineering processes
* Proven ability to be a self-starter and to own task & risks from identification through closure
* Experience writing verifiable system-level, subsystem level, and software/hardware/component-level requirements
* Experience conducting safety & reliability analyses such as PHAs, SHAs, FME(C)As, or FTAs
* Experience and proficiency with systems and Python
* Familiarity with modern software development practices and designs, unit testing, integration test, and release processes
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, debuggers (JTAG, SWD, etc), current-probes, and automation of tests
* Comfortable working with ambiguity, evolving priorities, and challenging problems
* Excellent communication and presentation skills
* Must be willing to travel for test field events up to 25%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active Secret U.S. security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience developing electromechanical system models to inform the design, operation, and troubleshooting of complex subsystems
* Hands-on manufacturing and/or flight testing experience
* Experience in design engineering
* Experience in software engineering
* Understanding of aerodynamics, avionics, and flight systems

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
