---
title: Executive Assistant
status: active
id: '5164529007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5164529007?gh_jid=5164529007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T08:19:51-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T08:19:51-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Corporate Operations : Administration : Administration'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are seeking an **Executive** **Assistant** (EA) to join our growing London office. As an EA at Anduril you will be responsible for keeping the train on the tracks, you will find joy in order and you are ruthlessly organised. Your role is both internal and external and will require a high degree of attention to detail. You will interface with both internal Anduril leaders and employees and serve a critical point of contact for customers, vendors, and external executives. Your ability to keep things running and deconflict requests makes you an integral part of the team's success.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Provide direct administrative support for the UK Managing Director & the EU Managing Director.
* Organize and prepare materials for meetings and presentations.
* Respond to internal and external meeting requests.
* Arrange travel, accommodations, itineraries, and all correspondence related to arrangements as needed.
* Experience handling executives monthly expense reports.
* Act as point of contact for external guests.
* Help plan Anduril UK events, meetings, and employee team building activities or special projects.

**REQUIRED SKILLS**

* A minimum of 4+ years administrative experience supporting senior level executives in a corporate environment preferred
* Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Effectively and professionally interface with high level executives, clients, employees and business associates both internal and external
* Strong organizational and time management skills. Proven experience in multi-tasking and working with multiple people and priorities, while delivering on high quality results and follow through.
* Demonstrates curiosity and a desire to understand the company goals.
* Proven ability to handle confidential and sensitive information in a professional manner.
* Excellent attention to detail and accuracy.
* Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills.
* Proficient in scheduling meetings in multiple time zones.
* Experience planning and booking international travel.
* Handling exec's monthly expense reports.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
