---
title: Mission Operations Engineer, EW
status: active
id: '5164224007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5164224007?gh_jid=5164224007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T11:08:47-04:00'
date: '2026-06-17T11:08:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : EW Programs'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking an experienced Mission Operations Lead with prior training and experience in a relevant engineering field, to plan, organize, direct, and lead internal and external program activities. The Mission Operations Lead will lead day-to-day execution of EW business line initiatives and tasks – working with the Operations Lead to manage Field Events, product deployments, demonstrations, as well as with the customer, and the Deployment team to satisfy the technical objectives while meeting all of the contractual requirements.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Serve in a customer-facing capacity, working directly with the Department of War to develop and deploy Anduril integrated hardware-software products to meet customer and operational needs. Support the delivery of contract deliverables to include the developing and implementing of measures of performance and effectiveness, writing technical reports, and logistics plans.
* Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple functional teams and cross-functional initiatives. Instill an efficient project management mindset and workflow across the teams.
* Own the deployment of Anduril’s EW capabilities at test and demonstration events. Work across our Test & Evaluation, Logistics, Growth, and Engineering teams to ensure that we are able to rapidly deliver real capability to users.
* Work cross-functionally and across business lines to plan, execute, and supervise EW field events such as internal and customer facing test events, demonstrations, and customer deliveries.
* Provide input to product and engineering teams to drive the development of product features and configurations that enhance or greatly improve the employment of Anduril EW products.
* Support end-users in understanding and using our capabilities through the development of training content, integration into unit training schedules, and delivery of training.
* Develop and contribute to a streamlined user feedback and engagement system, which include issue tracking, training sessions, refreshers, and focused preparation for large scale exercises and events.
* Remove obstacles to drive clarity and progress, identify gaps in communication or schedule, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities, and drive results proactively.
* Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work; become a trusted partner to Anduril’s engineers.
* Coordinate and execute frequent test events involving various levels of software and hardware, from full-software and hardware-in-the-loop simulations at Anduril HQ to flight test events and demonstrations at test sites.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 6+ years experience as a Program Manager, Project Lead, Cross-Functional Team Leader.
* Experience in leading the planning and execution of events.
* Experience translating and decomposing technical concepts into operational requirements and performance specifications.
* Experience working in a rapidly iterating test environment with high levels of integration with software and hardware development teams.
* Experience in project management and product deployment roles.
* Operational experience with the development, employment, or integration of EW systems into operational plans.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Willing to travel up to 50%.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience and familiarity with software-defined radios
* Experience with Counter UAS systems
* Client management experience
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Prior military or government acquisition and/or government contracting experience
* Experience with tools like JIRA and Confluence
* Professional certifications such as PMP

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
