---
title: Engineering Technician, Vacuum & Cryogenic Systems
status: active
id: '5164794007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5164794007?gh_jid=5164794007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T11:39:06-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T11:39:06-04:00'
location: Hudson, New Hampshire, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production'
offices:
- ' Hudson, NH'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM:**

Anduril AIRS provides high-performance cooled infrared imaging solutions, encompassing IDCAs, modules, and cameras. We achieve this through state-of-the-art technologies, advanced designs, and vertically integrated manufacturing processes. Our core strength lies in delivering customized, mission-critical imaging capabilities to system integrators and instrumentation manufacturers facing unique, challenging, and complex thermal imaging needs.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

As a Process Technician, you will be responsible for the meticulous operation and maintenance of our specialized vacuum and cryogenic systems, ensuring the quality and efficiency of our IDCA production.

* **Execute Vacuum & Cryogenic Processing:** Meticulously load dewars onto vacuum pumps, perform precise LN2 boil-off procedures, track pump cycle progress, and conduct daily gas collection and evaluation.
* **Monitor & Troubleshoot Systems:** Utilize Residual Gas Analyzer (RGA) instrumentation to monitor pump cycles, proactively screening for irregularities and performing effective debugging to ensure process integrity.
* **Maintain Equipment & Cleanroom:** Conduct regular maintenance on vacuum pump systems, perform dewar leak checks, and ensure the cleanliness, organization, and proper stocking of materials, including LN2, within the lab and cleanroom environments.
* **Document Processes & Data:** Accurately create and maintain IDCA documentation, including travelers and detailed data entry, adhering strictly to established procedures.

#### **Qualifications:**

* Associate's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience, with 5-10 years of hands-on experience in a similar manufacturing or process environment.
* Demonstrated expertise in operating and troubleshooting high vacuum systems, leak checkers, and Residual Gas Analyzers (RGAs).
* Excellent fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination for precision work, proficiency in using hand tools and various mechanical/electrical measurement equipment, and the ability to read mechanical assembly drawings and rudimentary schematics.
* Strong adherence to established procedures, keen attention to detail, and proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel). Experience in the infrared technical area is a significant plus.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Hourly Range

$30—$37 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
