---
title: Energetics Storage and Logistics Manager
status: active
id: '5164954007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5164954007?gh_jid=5164954007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T17:29:20-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T16:51:13-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : EH&S : EH&S'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril Rocket Motor Systems is looking for an Energetics Storage and Logistics Manager responsible for overseeing the safe and efficient storage, handling, and transportation of energetic materials. This role ensures compliance with all applicable regulations and standards, manages inventory, coordinates logistics operations, and leads a team to maintain operational excellence.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Oversee storage of energetic materials, ensuring safety and compliance.
* Implement inventory control and maintain accurate records.
* Coordinate transportation logistics, complying with DOT, ATF, and other regulations.
* Assist in transporting energetic and inert material on site
* Develop efficient logistics plans and liaise with transportation providers.
* Ensure regulatory compliance with OSHA, ATF, DOT, etc.
* Prepare documentation for audits and inspections.
* Lead and manage a team, providing training and conducting performance reviews.
* Foster a culture of safety and continuous improvement.
* Conduct risk assessments and implement mitigation strategies.
* Develop and maintain emergency response plans.
* Investigate incidents and implement corrective actions.
* Evaluate and improve storage and logistics processes.
* Utilize data and analytics for decision-making.
* Collaborate with other departments to support business objectives.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Logistics, Supply Chain Management, Engineering, or a related field.
* Minimum of 5 years of experience in logistics, supply chain management, or related roles, with at least 2 years in a managerial position.
* Proven experience handling and managing hazardous and energetic materials.
* Must be able to pass an ATF background check
* Active driver’s license
* In-depth knowledge of relevant regulations (OSHA, ATF, DOT, etc.).
* Strong leadership and team management skills.
* Proficiency in logistics and inventory management software

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Certification in hazardous materials handling.

US Salary Range

$99,000—$131,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
