---
title: Senior Program Manager
status: active
id: '5165579007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5165579007?gh_jid=5165579007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T23:46:38-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T23:46:38-04:00'
location: Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Program & Product Management'
offices:
- Melbourne, Australia
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### Who we are:

Anduril's Maritime Division is responsible for planning and executing Anduril's product and revenue roadmap for maritime missions. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, and operations, the Maritime team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril maritime capabilities in a challenging operational environment worldwide. As a leader in the Maritime Division, you must be a technical leader with the expertise to evaluate, qualify, manage, and advocate for an increasing number of sophisticated parallel pursuits. This role is crucial in ensuring that each initiative aligns with the company's strategic direction and receives the appropriate resourcing, balancing innovation with practical execution to drive the business line's success.

### About the role:

We are looking for someone to lead the technical development of maritime products from concept to delivery. You will work closely with Anduril’s Strategy team and strategic opportunity customers to develop these designs so that requirements are tied to customer inputs and there is traceability to program office technical decisions.  
  
The spectrum of support will be diverse in nature and require you to leverage your technical expertise as well as leadership skills to set objectives, build cross-functional teams, and rapidly drive to completion. The ability to leverage your intuition and prior experience in programmatic level decisions will play a key component in making sure the right design, analysis and test steps are being completed to ensure success. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience executing and successfully completing prior highly optimized multi-disciplinary projects.

### What you'll do:

* Lead, manage, and execute technical programs, from early-stage design through to technology development, system integration, testing, and deployment
* Integrate and immerse yourself in Anduril’s product development processes and build effective relationships with personnel across multiple business lines.
* Partner deeply with engineering leaders to drive successful program execution and team velocity across groups of engineering teams and more broadly across departments.
* Provide meaningful insight into current and future customer needs, develop solutions, provide accurate and timely accounting of resources, and ensure crisp comms at all levels.
* Build trust with Anduril teammates, vendors, partners, and potential customers, and work closely with users, vendors and government stakeholders through effective communication, positive attitude, and meticulous follow-through.
* Forge longstanding customer relationships by working closely with Anduril Growth personnel and help establish beach heads in new areas of interest.
* Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from internal engineering, program office, and third-party corporate partners to own successful delivery of outcomes on multiple programs simultaneously.
* Coordinate and execute frequent test events, from full-software simulations to full hardware-in-the-loop demonstrations at test sites
* Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple functional teams and cross-functional initiatives. Instill an efficient project management mindset and workflow across the teams.
* Identify, resolve, escalate key cross team dependencies.
* Remove obstacles to drive clarity and progress, identify gaps in communication or schedule, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities, and drive results proactively.
* Understand technical implementation at the architectural level and propose technical alternatives when necessary; ask questions that clarify priorities.
* Understand the capabilities and limitations of Anduril systems and 3rd party platforms. In this role, you will work with engineers to connect the evolving product theses with the mission and customer requirements, taking an expansive view and developing data-backed opinions on product direction.

#### Required Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Marine Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Naval Architecture, or proven experience in a relevant field
* Minimum of 10 years experience with technical leadership and project management
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Solid technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, software development lifecycle, challenges and risks; ability to work closely and effectively with engineering teams
* Ability to obtain and maintain a NV2 Australian Security Clearance
* Travel >25% to customer and test sites, some international

#### Preferred Qualifications:

* Previous experience leading, managing, and executing technical programs/products, from ideation and early-stage design to technology development, system integration, testing, and deployment
* Significant customer-facing experience leading high profile and high stakes programs, including strong interpersonal skills and executive gravitas
* Australian Navy experience as a Submarine Officer, Surface Warfare Officer or significant experience with surface and sub-surface weapon, sensor and mission systems
* Demonstrated engineering management capability; proven technical and personnel leadership qualities
* Experience working on mission critical Defence systems
* Experience building and managing cross-functional teams focused around a common vision

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
