---
title: Test Sites Program Manager
status: active
id: '5165944007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5165944007?gh_jid=5165944007
lastmod: '2026-06-16T12:46:28-04:00'
date: '2026-06-16T12:46:28-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About the Role:**  
  
As the Programs Lead, Test Sites & Infrastructure, you will be a critical strategic partner to the Director of Test Sites, playing a pivotal role in shaping and executing the vision for our organization's physical footprint. This dynamic position demands a blend of strategic acumen, operational excellence, and hands-on project leadership to manage the full lifecycle of our test sites and broader real estate portfolio. You will be instrumental in translating ambitious growth plans into actionable infrastructure strategies, ensuring our teams have the cutting-edge facilities they need, exactly when they need them, within a high-growth, highly regulated environment.  
  
**What You'll Do:**

* Act as a strategic partner to the Director, contributing significantly to the definition, prioritization, and execution of the strategic roadmap and annual objectives for test sites and critical operational infrastructure.
* Support leadership in balancing resource allocation, execution risk, and growth plans, with a keen focus on specific program and site objectives, continuously monitoring financial performance to guide towards profitability targets.
* Drive the execution of the full lifecycle of test site and classified infrastructure development, from initial requirements gathering and design to commissioning, ongoing maintenance, and eventual decommissioning.
* Manage short-term and long-term space allocation across various teams, implementing creative solutions to meet rapidly evolving needs.
* Generate and refine accurate cost estimates for various project stages, ensuring projects are delivered on time and within budget.
* Contribute to the development and implementation of creative contracting strategies and commercial terms for infrastructure projects.
* Oversee key relationships with consultants, contractors, and suppliers for all infrastructure initiatives and construction projects.
* Cultivate and manage strong working relationships with key internal stakeholders (e.g., Engineering, IT, Security, Facilities, EHS, Legal, Growth, Deployments, Production) and external partners (contractors, vendors, regulatory authorities).
* Serve as a primary point of contact for test site and infrastructure initiatives, facilitating clear communication and driving alignment across all teams.
* Proactively identify operational bottlenecks and risks within test site operations and our broader infrastructure, developing and implementing data-driven solutions to enhance efficiency, security, and compliance.

**What You'll Bring:**

* 8+ years of progressive experience in operational leadership roles, with a significant portion focused on physical infrastructure development, real estate portfolio management, specialized operational facilities, test site operations, or manufacturing environments within high-growth technology, defense, or similar highly regulated industries.
* In-depth knowledge of construction means and methods, infrastructure design principles, and the ability to read technical documentation like facility drawings.
* Proven experience in designing and/or setting up new production lines or factories, from process mapping through to collaborating with infrastructure design partners and workstation design.
* Expertise in logistics, facilities management, and security compliance within complex operational environments.
* Proven ability to contribute to strategic thinking, translate complex problems into structured frameworks, and drive the execution of data-driven solutions.
* Exceptional project and program management skills for large-scale infrastructure, construction, or strategic initiatives, with a demonstrated track record of delivering projects on time and within budget.
* Solid understanding of financial planning, budgeting, detailed cost estimation, and financial reporting, with the ability to analyze and present complex financial information.
* Excellent written and verbal communication, collaboration, and influencing skills, with the ability to build consensus and drive outcomes across diverse internal and external stakeholders.
* High ownership and low ego, with a results-oriented approach. Highly detail-oriented, data-driven, discerning, and an incredibly fast learner who is tactical and doesn't solely operate at a 30,000-foot level.
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Business, Operations Management, or a related field; Master's degree or MBA preferred.
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret clearance.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
