---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer - Connected Factory '
status: active
id: '5165323007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5165323007?gh_jid=5165323007
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:41:59-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T16:41:59-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Business Systems : Business Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM:**

The Corporate Technology Engineering team is responsible for building and improving the many systems that enables Anduril to accomplish its mission. Anduril’s supply chain, accounting, sales & growth, engineering, modeling & simulation, field maintenance, manufacturing, and many more teams rely on the technology built and maintained by our team. We work across the company to ensure we have the tools and capabilities necessary for mission success.

**ABOUT THE JOB:**

We are seeking a highly skilled and driven Senior Software Engineer to join a fast-paced team dedicated to the continued development and operation Connected Factory services. This role is responsible for architecting, building, and scaling the digital backbone that connects people, robots, and systems across our smart factories. You will collaborate with a talented team of engineers, product managers, and other cross-functional teams to build and enhance these critical systems.   
  
To succeed on this team you will need to be curious, technically adept, an excellent communicator, of a strong product mindset, be able to go from idea to implementation quickly, and take ownership and pride in your craft.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Work in a mini-startup environment to create elegant platform solutions that integrate effectively with edge and cloud systems
* Work with a high-functioning team of developers with an emphasis on finishing business-critical projects
* Write high-quality code that enhances the performance, scalability, and reliability of Connected Factory
* Engage in code reviews, architectural discussions, and continuous improvement initiatives
* Provide technical support for platform users and troubleshoot issues as they arise
* Have an area of deep expertise in a portion of the full stack (i.e. backend, frontend, integration)

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience in a software engineering role building products, ideally in a fast-paced environment
* Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree
* Experience working with large enterprise applications and platforms with high data consistency and availability requirements
* Proficiency with web-based technologies such as Javascript, React, Typescript, and web frameworks such as Remix or NextJS
* Ability to empathize with end-users, to turn needs into features, and to balance user experience with engineering constraints
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Willingness to work with the team on-site on a rotation for shift 2 (~3pm - 11pm)
* Expertise in data infrastructure, API design, IoT protocols, and edge computing architectures
* Experience in hyper growth startup-like environments, with demonstrated success in scaling and maturing software development processes
* Experience with edge computing - systems that bridge IT and OT domains, ensuring reliability, security, and scalability
* Previous experience with supply chain, manufacturing, or related enterprise software is a plus

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
