---
title: Counterintelligence Analyst Lead
status: active
id: '5165154007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5165154007?gh_jid=5165154007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T15:57:28-04:00'
date: '2026-06-15T15:21:21-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Counterintelligence'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Counterintelligence (CI) and Security Investigations Team’s safeguards Anduril’s workforce and supply chain by proactively identifying risk, mitigating threats and delivering actionable investigative insights*.*The team helps ensure our security environment remains vigilant and resilient so that our strategic interests are preserved. We are committed to anticipating and mitigating risks and threats enabling Anduril to innovate and operate confidently in a dynamic global environment.

### ABOUT THE POSITION

Anduril is seeking a professional to support the CI team who is interested in a unique opportunity to help strategize, socialize and implement a CI program which requires significant critical thinking, creativity, complex problem solving and interpersonal skills, as well as the ability to work across a rapidly growing, global, dynamic organization to identify and mitigate threats. The CI Analyst Lead is responsible for analyzing threats from nation state actors and insiders affecting Anduril Industries globally. The role will involve the development and support of analytic efforts and workstreams that integrate across key business processes and stakeholders to proactively identify potential nation state threats against the company's assets, personnel, technologies and supply chain to enable rapid mitigation and informed decision making. The CI Analyst Lead will leverage a variety of internal and external data sets and tools to develop a robust understanding of the threat environment. The CI Analyst Lead must be a self-starter that can operate independently and be responsive to fast paced and dynamic operational and threat environments. The CI Analyst Lead must possess a deep understanding of CI, intelligence analysis, risk management and a demonstrated ability to analyze and communicate complex risks and threats.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Support the development and execution of a CI analysis capability tailored to the defense industry's unique threats and requirements.
* Coordinate with federal agencies, including the Department of Defense (DoD), Intelligence Community (IC), and Federal Law Enforcement, to access relevant threat information and stay current on evolving adversary tactics. techniques and procedures.
* Establish and leverage collaborative partnerships across internal stakeholders to identify data necessary to support robust research and analysis of threats from nation state adversaries and insiders.
* Review and analyze data from various sources to identify anomalous behaviors and other indicators.
* Produce tailored and strategic analytic products to support a variety of customers to include senior leadership.
* Develop and implement analytic methodologies to assess counterintelligence and insider threats.
* Establish and maintain relationships with industry counterparts to share analytic best practices and threat intelligence.
* Provide analytic support to investigations of suspected CI and Insider Threat incidents.
* Support the development of internal standard operating procedures, processes and frameworks for CI analysis as well as produce key metrics to deliver to leadership on a recurring basis.
* Prepare detailed reports and give presentations on threat findings, case studies, risk assessments, and recommended actions for multiple audiences to include senior leadership.
* Routinely represent the team in internal meetings or working groups with product teams, supply chain teams, legal, and other Security elements.
* Continuously evaluate global threat intelligence and trends that have the potential to impact Anduril.
* Support the development CI training and awareness materials and initiatives and present tailored briefings to internal audiences.
* Travel as needed to support analytic reviews at various Anduril site locations or external events.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Security or Intelligence Studies, Political Science, Criminal Justice or a related field.
* 8 years of relevant work experience in CI investigations or analysis, intelligence operations or analysis, assessing complex threats from nation state actors and insider threats.
* Experience leveraging critical thinking skills to creatively solve complex problems and produce analysis and recommendations in a fast paced environment.
* Demonstrated ability leveraging multiple data sets and tools to support complex research and analysis as well as developing risk assessments and risk mitigation recommendations.
* Demonstrated success executing CI awareness messaging to a wide-audience, both written and verbally.
* Experience providing analysis to support CI and/or insider threat investigations.
* Demonstrated understanding of the intelligence threats facing the industry.
* Excellent critical thinking, collaboration and and interpersonal skills.
* Proven ability to effectively analyze and communicate complex risks.
* Possess an active Top Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity with relevant laws, regulations, and standards governing defense industry security.
* Experience conducting analysis of nation state related threats for government and private industry.
* Formal analytic training and/or certifications.
* Experience designing and executing CI/Security training.
* Prior experience partnering with legal, HR, and InfoSec teams to bring about positive outcomes and facilitate robust processes.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
