---
title: Senior Program Manager
status: active
id: '5166751007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5166751007?gh_jid=5166751007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T20:05:43-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T18:26:23-04:00'
location: Bellevue, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Warfighter Systems Engineering : Program Management'
offices:
- Bellevue, WA (BEL-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are seeking an experienced Senior Program Manager to lead efforts across our **Warfighter Systems** business line,which brings cutting-edge technology directly to those on the front lines. Wearable tech, immersive mission command tools, and seamlessly integrated software and hardware create an ecosystem that enhances situational awareness, survivability, and combat effectiveness. From training to battlefield operations, Anduril’s Warfighter Systems organization designs tools that move at the speed of war, ensuring that soldiers are better connected, more lethal, and more resilient.  
  
This role offers an exciting opportunity with the initial focus on 2 critical areas that has high business impact and leadership visibility - (1) financial management of multiple programs within the business line with the goal of ensuring we meet our committed financial targets and (2) schedule management of a complex product development program across multiple disciplines - product, engineering, manufacturing, test, logistics and delivery. Following these initial focus areas, this role allows for the opportunity to expand scope by taking on program management of a critical program with significant impact on our company's growth and strategic positioning in the defense sector.   
  
The ideal candidate will thrive in a fast-paced environment, demonstrate strong leadership skills with the ability to navigate complexities, and have a passion for delivering cutting-edge technology solutions to our military customers.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Responsible for successful program execution, exceeding both internal and external stakeholder expectations and meeting all business financial commitments
* Demonstrate collaborative leadership skills by building trust with your teams, customers, and peers while holding yourself and the cross functional team accountable to execute on business outcomes
* Communicate effectively and with confidence when engaging with customers and Anduril leadership
* Drive program execution to achieve key business and financial objectives
* Create and implement a comprehensive communications plan for internal and external stakeholder management
* Navigate customer change requests while maintaining program velocity
* Ensure decisions support current efforts and position the company for continued on-contract growth
* Oversee the development of media and artifacts to illustrate program velocity
* Manage sub contractors, as required, to performance, schedule and budget

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of experience in program management, preferably in defense or government contracting
* Proven track record of managing large-scale, complex programs across the product development lifecycle
* Strong understanding of contracting processes and large scale program management
* Excellent stakeholder management and communication skills
* Ability to navigate complex contractual landscapes and ensure compliance
* Strong schedule management skills, including using Microsoft Project and other schedule tools
* Understanding of Financial Acumen and experience working with cost control / finance stakeholders for financial management
* Demonstrated ability to actively develop and execute an effective program risk management plan
* Experience in developing and executing communication strategies for high-visibility programs
* Willingness to travel as needed (up to 15%)
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with both hardware and software development lifecycles
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related field; Master's degree preferred
* Strong financial management skills, including budget development and tracking - for Headcount, Non-Headcount, CapEx to establish a baseline, track actuals, and update forecast
* Experience in managing Program Schedules using MS Project against a DCMA 14 point checklist
* PMP certification or equivalent preferred

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
