---
title: Production Test Technician
status: active
id: '5166580007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5166580007?gh_jid=5166580007
lastmod: '2026-06-16T22:26:21-04:00'
date: '2026-06-16T22:11:36-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Manufacturing for Production'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Production Test Technician, you will play a critical role in ensuring our optical systems meet stringent quality standards before shipment to customers. In this position, you’ll be responsible for testing optical equipment, running validation and system-level testing, and troubleshooting complex issues. A successful candidate will have a strong background in both production and R&D environments, with the ability to collaborate effectively across interdisciplinary teams.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Perform testing of optical equipment according to procedures and specifications.
* Run validation and system-level testing to ensure optimal performance.
* Troubleshoot and resolve issues with optical systems during testing, identifying problems in electrical systems and the associated programs.
* Follow detailed test work instructions and document results accurately in the system.
* Utilize MATLAB for data collection, coding, and analysis to support testing activities.
* Maintain test equipment and tools, ensuring they are calibrated and functioning correctly.
* Participate in root cause analysis of product failures, providing input based on testing experiences.
* Work autonomously while closely collaborating with the test engineering team to identify and report opportunities for improving testing processes and efficiencies.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associates degree in Physics, Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience.
* 3+ years of relevant industry experience in production or R&D testing
* Experience with cryogenics and vacuum systems in a testing environment.
* Proficiency in MATLAB for data acquisition, processing, and coding.
* Strong troubleshooting skills for non-conforming hardware and software, with the ability to identify electrical issues and program failures.
* Experience working with interdisciplinary teams in fast-paced settings.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Knowledge of infrared systems or optical systems including performance requirements and verification methodologies.
* Familiarity with test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, thermal chambers, and data acquisition sensors.
* Understanding of computer hardware communication protocols (USB, Ethernet, RS232, etc.).

US Hourly Range

$41.34—$54.80 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
