---
title: Product Manager, Deployed Optical Systems
status: active
id: '5166779007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5166779007?gh_jid=5166779007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T18:15:53-04:00'
date: '2026-06-17T10:17:14-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Product Program Management'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The team is heavily involved in utilizing computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data to give our war fighters and allies an advantage.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Product Manager you will work cross-functionally with technical program management, growth, operations, engineering, and other functional and program teams to drive innovation, scalability, and mission success of highly performant optical systems. You will develop a deep understanding of product operational needs and use that knowledge to develop and deliver cutting-edge systems to Anduril’s customers. You will be the driving force between customers, engineers, and production to ensure successful execution and delivery.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* **Product Strategy & Roadmap Development**
  + Define and execute a long-term product strategy and roadmap aligned with business objectives and customer needs.
  + Conduct business case and ROI analyses to guide investment decisions.
  + Develop product requirements, feature specifications, and pricing models based on market trends, user feedback, and competitive intelligence.
  + Create Product Requirements Document and similar artifacts that outlines the requirements and features of a product, serving as a guide for business and technical teams to build, delivery and market the capability.
  + Identify and integrate emerging technologies that enhance Anduril’s operational capabilities and market position.
* **Engineering & Cross-Functional Execution**
  + Establish clear product goals and key success metrics and measure progress
  + Partner closely with Engineering Leads and Technical Program Managers to ensure product designs meet customer and business requirements while being scalable and manufacturable.
  + Define and track key performance metrics to ensure successful product outcomes.
  + Serve as a product evangelist, effectively communicating strategy and goals to internal and external stakeholders to drive alignment and support.
* **Financial & Cost Management**
  + Work closely with Finance and Business Leadership to set and achieve product financial targets.
  + Lead margin optimization efforts through efforts including design improvements, make vs buy decisions, new technology introductions.
* **Customer & Market Engagement**
  + Partner with business development and field operations teams to gather customer insights, validate product needs, and refine product offerings.
  + Conduct market research and competitive analysis to ensure Anduril remains at the forefront of autonomous surveillance technology.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Engineering, Robotics, Computer Science, Business, or a related technical field.
* 5+ years of experience in Product Management, Program Management, or Systems Engineering with a focus on rugged, highly performant operational sensing systems
* Proven ability to lead end-to-end product development, from strategy and design to execution and commercialization.
* Strong technical understanding of hardware-software systems, including computer vision, AI/ML, autonomy, networking, and embedded systems.
* Experience working with government, defense, or aerospace customers, with familiarity in DoD procurement and acquisition processes.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Background in military operations, surveillance, or force protection.
* Experience with supply chain, manufacturing, and scaling production for high-tech hardware products.
* Experience with optical systems, particularly infrared systems.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
