---
title: Senior Propulsion Engineer
status: active
id: '5166489007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5166489007?gh_jid=5166489007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T17:57:16-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - ME'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Here you will work on core product development for rotorcraft and complex systems, including but not limited to avionics, batteries, mechanisms, structures, sensors and payloads. The role requires high ownership and frequent collaboration with other core disciplines. The ideal candidate would be practical, hands-on and a self starter.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**Anduril is seeking a Propulsion Engineer team to join our Maneuver Dominance team in Costa Mesa, CA. As. Propulsion Engineer, you will take designs from concept through prototype, test, and into production on timelines measured in months. Our team operates at the intersection of high-performance rotating machinery, advanced manufacturing, and rapid flight test, delivering propulsion systems that are redefining what's possible for defense applications.  
  
You will work on engine development in a lean, high-ownership culture where you directly shape the product and operate at a velocity to test and fly new hardware within months, not years.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Critical member of team for selection and integration of aircraft engines, engine components, and fuel systems on unmanned air vehicles
* Design, fabricate, and test prototype components and control systems
* Plan, instrument, and execute tests of aircraft propulsion systems
* Coordinate with engine vendors, develop strategic partnerships, and manage development projects
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed
* Critical member of team supporting CAD design for internal aerodynamic loft, surfaces and structures
* Travel to test sites as needed

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 8+ years of propulsion engineering experience on air vehicles (manned or unmanned)
* Professional experience with Turboshaft/Turboprop and Reciprocating engines
* Knowledge of jet and piston engine fundamentals
* Experience with use of engine cycle decks
* Exposure to testing of engines or powertrain components
* Experience designing mechanical parts and surface loft (CAD)
* Understanding of manufacturing methods (machining, sheet metal, composites, 3D printing, injection molding, etc)
* BS or higher degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, or Electrical Engineering
* Eligible to obtain and be able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in NX/Teamcenter
* Hands-on experience with jet engine testing including test practices, instrumentation, and data processing
* Knowledge and experience working with Engine Management Systems (EMS), OEM or motorsport
* Experience procuring parts and working in a machine shop. Working knowledge of machine safety and shop safety protocols
* Active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
