---
title: NDT Inspector Level III, Maritime
status: active
id: '5167576007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167576007?gh_jid=5167576007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T11:47:16-04:00'
date: '2026-06-19T21:22:28-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Heavy Metal - Production'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-42)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Technology, Maritime Team is seeking an NDT Level III Examiner. The Maritime Manufacturing Technology Team is responsible for rapidly developing and implementing manufacturing technologies and processes for cutting-edge defense hardware. This team is building the factory of the future to deliver next-generation capabilities to our warfighters, and you will be a critical part of ensuring our products are flawless.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the NDT Level III Examiner, you will serve as the responsible NDT Level III for Anduril’s maritime programs. You will develop, implement, and oversee a comprehensive NDT program that is fully compliant with NAVSEA requirements. This role requires a unique blend of deep technical expertise, procedural discipline, and the ability to adapt to a fast-paced R&D and production environment. You will be instrumental in qualifying new processes, training our technical staff, and making final determinations on the acceptability of critical hardware. Your work will be the bedrock of quality for systems designed to operate in the world's most demanding environments.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Author, review, and approve NDT procedures and techniques for various methods (UT, RT, PT, MT, VT) ensuring full compliance with NAVSEA T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 and other relevant customer specifications.
* Act as the primary technical authority for the interpretation of NDT results, codes, standards, and specifications. Provide final disposition on non-conforming indications.
* Train, examine, and certify NDT Level I and II personnel in accordance with SNT-TC-1A and NAVSEA 271
* Develop novel inspection techniques for new materials, complex geometries, and advanced manufacturing processes.
* Select, procure, and qualify NDT equipment for new and expanding manufacturing facilities.
* Interface directly with design engineering, manufacturing engineering, and welding engineering teams to provide NDT expertise and ensure "inspect ability" is designed into our products and processes.
* Oversee and audit external NDT suppliers to ensure their processes and personnel meet Anduril and NAVSEA standards.
* Lead and support internal and external audits of the NDT program.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Verifiable, documented work experience that meets or exceeds the minimum training and work time requirements outlined in NAVSEA T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 for certification as a Level III Examiner. The candidate's experience portfolio must satisfy the specific hour requirements for each NDT method for which they will be responsible.
* Current NDT Level III certification from a recognized body (e.g., ASNT) in a minimum of three (3) of the following methods: Ultrasonic Testing (UT), Radiographic Testing (RT), Liquid Penetrant Testing (PT), Magnetic Particle Testing (MT).
* Demonstrated experience acting in a responsible NDT Level III capacity under a NAVSEA 271 compliant program, including procedure development, equipment selection, and personnel qualification.
* Proven experience developing and administering an NDT personnel qualification and certification program in accordance with both SNT-TC-1A and the superseding requirements of NAVSEA 271.
* Experience performing NDT on critical welded structures, pressure vessels, castings, or forgings for naval or other critical defense applications.
* Must be a U.S. Person (U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident) due to contractual requirements.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Active Secret or Top-Secret security clearance.
* Bachelor of Science degree in an engineering discipline (e.g., Materials Science, Welding Engineering, Mechanical Engineering).
* In-depth knowledge of related fabrication and inspection codes, including NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, ASME B&PV Section V, and AWS D1.2.
* Experience establishing a NAVSEA 271 compliant NDT program from the ground up in a fast-paced manufacturing environment.
* Demonstrated experience developing and qualifying NDT procedures for advanced materials, such as carbon fiber composites and titanium alloys.
* Familiarity with other relevant military standards, such as MIL-STD-2132.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
