---
title: Senior Facilities Manager
status: active
id: '5167520007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167520007?gh_jid=5167520007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T11:44:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-25T11:44:49-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Facilities'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Facilities team is seeking a Senior Facilities Manager to join our team. The Facilities Operations team is responsible for maintaining and optimizing the facility to ensure operational continuity, safety, and efficiency and reports through the Director of Facilities. Duties include running routine safety inspections, partnering with contractors, planning maintenance work, and maintaining records.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Senior Facilities Manager, you will manage the entirety of the campus both interior and exterior. The right person for this role has electrical, mechanical, and plumbing knowledge. If you are someone who exhibits high multitasking, organized, and can communicate effectively (verbal and written) then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Plan and manage the day-to-day facilities operations in our industrial campus consisting of production, manufacturing, engineering, and test support, ensuring that facilities are safe, functional, and well-maintained.
* Provide dynamic leadership for the site Facilities department and develop a world-class team
* Partner with the site leadership team for Production, Engineering, Research and Development, and EHS to support the rapid expansion and growth of the site, including construction of new buildings, roads, and utilities
* Oversee maintenance of fire suppression, HVAC, plumbing, and other general utility repairs that support our spaces.
* Develop scopes of work for mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) projects as the campus evolves and changes.
* Manage capital improvement projects. From pre-construction planning, budgeting, execution, to customer handover, you own it end to end.
* Collaborate with equipment owners on future equipment moves and planning that is inclusive of the production spaces, ensuring the utilities are in place and the workflow is efficient for all.
* Source, negotiate, and manage contracts with maintenance service providers.
* Prepare and manage the facilities budget, tracking expenses and ensuring cost-effective operations.
* Ensure compliance with health and safety regulations, conducting regular inspections and addressing any issues promptly. Collaborate closely with Environmental, Safety & Health to ensure we are compliant.
* Maintain an inventory of supplies and equipment, ensuring timely replenishment and proper storage.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 8+ years of related experience supporting aerospace, defense, automotive or other types of manufacturing facilities.
* Associates degree in Engineering or an Associates of Applied Science in Engineering Technology
* Strong knowledge of engineering concepts, including electrical, hydraulic and mechanical systems. Certified Facility Manager credentials a plus.
* You are knowledgeable and experienced in management of EHS in a facility.
* You have strong organizational and time management skills.
* You’re an independent worker who can work with ambiguity and drive to outcomes with minimal oversight.
* You have a strong attention to detail and an attitude of 100% compliance with all company and regulatory requirements.

US Salary Range

$128,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
