---
title: Senior NC Programmer
status: active
id: '5167744007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167744007?gh_jid=5167744007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T14:05:54-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T12:42:07-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Heavy Metal - Production'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-42)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

# NC Programmer / Machinist

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Manufacturing Technology Team is seeking an expert in NC Programming with significant experience in programming machining projects. The Maritime Manufacturing Technology Team is responsible for rapidly developing and implementing manufacturing materials, technologies and processes for cutting-edge defense hardware, including deployable static and moving surface, undersea and sea to air vehicles and scaling these products in our new manufacturing facilities.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Senior NC Programmer, you will be responsible for developing machining and manufacturing plans that include mounting, tooling and NC programming for complicated machine parts. You will develop programs and machining processes to drive to efficient, rapid, on-time production and start-up of new machining processes for a variety of large, complex parts. The right person for this role has developed machining, tooling and programming plans for technologies across multiple platforms for a variety of product lines, groups, or businesses and integrated with both internal and external customers. If you are someone who wants to develop innovative, adaptive, flexible, creative approaches to design and manufacturing and develop unified solutions for lots of stakeholders then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop, innovate and lead in the tooling, programming and machining solutions for new machining processes and technologies supporting product and factory development.
* Question requirements in product and production design, and manufacturing processes to ensure the most cost- and schedule-effective solutions for our factories that meets the needs of our products.
* Support design, construction, commissioning and start-up of the production systems at new factory sites, specifically in the areas of machining and NC programming, ensuring successful delivery of the factory and products off the line.
* Lead hands-on: set an example and expedite project completion
* Drive collaboration with product design, manufacturing engineering, operations, facilities and construction, environmental safety & health, and finance to deliver creative and effective production system designs, as well as external vendors supporting the design, construction, and commissioning of new facilities

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years of experience as a programmer and machining expert for doing large part machining with hard metals and exotic materials.
* Technology development experience in machining, automation, prototyping, and process development.
* Ability to work hands-on in a manufacturing environment, next to operations and manufacturing engineering to understand and optimize the production system.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Prior work with architecture and infrastructure engineering partners and/or general contractors to build, improve or modify machining systems
* Machining, automation, tooling and programming development for manufacturing processes in complex machining applications.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
