---
title: SeniorTooling Fabricator
status: active
id: '5167698007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167698007?gh_jid=5167698007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T15:19:17-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Heavy Metal - Production'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-42)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE ROLE**

As a Tooling Fabricator at Anduril, you will play a critical role in our advanced manufacturing operations, responsible for the expert fabrication, repair, and modification of essential jigs, fixtures, dies, and tools. Your proficiency across a range of welding techniques and your meticulous attention to detail will directly support the rapid development and production of cutting-edge defense technologies, ensuring the highest standards of quality and precision.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Perform certified and qualified welding and thermal cutting to fabricate, repair, rework, and modify jigs, fixtures, dies, tools, handling equipment, and similar items, especially where dimensions and details are non-critical or not specified on drawings.
* Plan and layout the sequence of work operations to ensure efficient completion of tasks.
* Successfully complete and maintain all-position pipe performance qualification tests as required by local, state, federal regulations, industry codes, and company policies.
* Execute Flux Cored Arc Welding (FCAW), Gas Metal Arc Welding (GMAW), Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW), and Tig Welding (TW) in accordance with specified Welding Procedure Specifications (WPS). Adjust welding parameters to compensate for variations in material thickness, fit-up, equipment anomalies, and assembly conditions.
* Perform brazing, oxy-fuel cutting, plasma arc cutting, carbon arc gouging, flame straightening, and flame bending as needed. When WPS is not required, select appropriate electrodes, gas cups, filler metals, and welding parameters based on weld schedules or provided information.
* Follow drawings, specifications, verbal and written instructions, trade practices, and applicable codes to ensure quality and compliance.
* Operate shop equipment such as saws, disk grinders, drill presses, and other tools to prepare materials before and after welding. Perform measuring, layout, alignment, cleaning, chipping, grinding, and wire brushing as required.
* Safely move, lift, and position materials or welded structures using shop lifting equipment like overhead cranes and electric stackers.
* Fabricate shop aids and holding devices, set up and align work in welding fixtures, and securely block, clamp, or fasten parts as necessary.
* Plan welding and material fit-up sequences to maximize accessibility, ensuring critical weld areas are completed last on assemblies.
* Maintain cleanliness and proper functioning of welding equipment and work areas; request repairs as needed to keep equipment in optimal condition.
* Organize and manage welding supplies, preparing requisition lists for materials and equipment as required.
* Perform additional duties as assigned by team leaders, Tool Maker leads, or supervisors.
* Assist in identifying and documenting best practices, standardizing processes, and supporting continuous improvement initiatives related to structural welding.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 7+ years of professional welding experience.
* 7+ year of experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings, specifications, material processes, schematics, and diagrams.
* 7+ year of experience operating powered hand tools.
* Experience with manual lathes and knee mills.
* Ability to lift, push, and pull up to 35 pounds frequently within an 8-hour shift.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Welding Certification.
* 3+ years of experience with Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW / TIG), primarily with thin-wall aluminum, stainless steel, and titanium.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
