---
title: Director, M&A Accounting
status: active
id: '5167780007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167780007?gh_jid=5167780007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:14:42-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T17:27:10-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Accounting : Accounting'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are looking for an exceptional Director, M&A Accounting to help Anduril support its hyper-growth and scale our global integration efforts. Reporting directly to the Vice President, Controller, you will lead a dedicated team of M&A accountants to centralize previously decentralized M&A-related responsibilities from the broader Anduril Accounting department.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The ideal candidate will be comfortable and experienced moving at an incredibly fast pace while driving operational integration excellence. Come join us as we disrupt an entire industry and help take your career to the next level with a team that is charging towards changing the world of defense.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead, motivate, and mentor a team of M&A accountants focused on centralizing and scaling all M&A-related accounting activities.
* Project manage pre-close Accounting and Tax diligence for target acquisitions.
* Lead Day One post-acquisition readiness preparation, including leveling, compensation reviews, and tailored integration recommendations for the acquired accounting team.
* Travel on Day One post-acquisition to provide acquired accounting teams with comprehensive overviews of Anduril's people, processes, and systems.
* Oversee closing balance sheet preparations and directly manage the comprehensive review of acquired closing balance sheets.
* Directly manage the preparation of final closing statements.
* Project manage the opening balance sheet crosswalk process.
* Directly manage the systematic integration of acquired accounting processes into Anduril’s Oracle Fusion and broader boundary system ecosystem.
* Provide hands-on operational support, including temporarily filling in for departed team members from acquired accounting teams as needed.
* Coordinate and build highly effective working relationships with key cross- functional teams including Corporate Development, Legal, PMI, CorpTech, Tax, Technical Accounting, and General Accounting.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years of progressive experience in accounting leadership roles (Director/Assistant Controller level) or consulting roles (Senior Manager/Director level); a mix of both in-house corporate and consulting experience is highly preferred.
* Highly developed IQ and EQ, with the communication skills necessary to navigate complex personnel integrations and cross-functional partnerships.
* Demonstrated experience supporting M&A accounting, financial due diligence, and business integrations.
* Strong technical background with experience integrating acquired business processes into modern ERP ecosystems (such as Oracle Fusion).
* Proven ability to manage competing priorities and drive organizational change in a high-growth, fast-paced organization.
* Able to get your hands dirty to drive execution while maintaining the ability to manage up against strategic integration priorities.
* Familiarity with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) (or similar equivalent in other jurisdictions) is preferred.
* CPA (active or inactive) and/or MBA is preferred.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
