---
title: Senior Manager, Rapid Integration & Test
status: active
id: '5167877007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167877007?gh_jid=5167877007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T21:14:51-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Rapid Integration & Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril is integral to our mission, ensuring that every product meets the highest standards of performance and reliability. Our team specializes in a broad spectrum of testing activities, including developmental testing using surrogate vehicles. We are at the forefront of testing approaches, particularly in the domain of mission autonomy systems. As our team expands, we are seeking an engineering leader who will not only drive technical execution but also build, mentor, and scale a multi-disciplinary team capable of tackling an increasingly diverse and complex portfolio of autonomous systems projects.  
  
We are seeking a dynamic Test & Integration Engineer and Team Builder who will be instrumental in advancing our Unmanned Autonomous Systems (UAS) to achieve mission-critical objectives. This role entails a blend of technical expertise, talent development, and project management skills to ensure that our UAS prototypes are developed, tested, and integrated seamlessly with our existing systems and software.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Build, scale, and lead a high-performing Rapid Integration and Test team, actively recruiting and onboarding top-tier talent across diverse engineering disciplines (e.g., mechanical, electrical, systems, and software).
* Mentor and develop team members, fostering a culture of continuous learning, technical excellence, and rapid innovation, while helping engineers map and achieve their career growth goals.
* Expand the team’s collective capability to support a broader array of parallel projects by identifying skill gaps and strategically cross-training or hiring to fill them.
* Lead the design, construction, and testing of UAS prototypes, efficiently transforming concepts into functional early-stage products.
* Participate in weekly stand-ups and provide Situation Reports (SITREPS) to leadership to highlight progress, pinpoint issues, and facilitate resource enablement.
* Cut through red tape by avoiding sluggish bureaucratic processes, while still strictly adhering to essential safety and legal regulations.
* Develop and execute a streamlined test plan that focuses on key objectives while maintaining a commitment to safety and minimizing unnecessary procedures.
* Ensure adherence to baseline safety plans, proactively mitigating risks without compromising the team's agility and innovation goals.
* Communicate effectively to bolster teamwork and navigate risks, ensuring that information flows seamlessly within the team and across the organization.
* Act as a key contributor within the T&E team, playing a significant role in shaping the overarching testing strategy, designing the organizational structure of the RIT team, and ensuring the success of the prototype's transition to formal development.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution.
* 5+ years of experience recruiting, building, and managing high-performing technical teams, with a proven track record of scaling team capabilities.
* Demonstrated experience in workload planning, resource allocation, and managing a team that simultaneously supports multiple diverse hardware/software projects.
* In-depth knowledge of Pixhawk autopilot systems and ArduPilot stack, including integration, configuration, customization, and testing of unmanned vehicles.
* Willingness and ability to travel as necessary for project planning, testing, and execution.
* Experience with rapid prototyping, 3D printing, laser cutting, and working with composite materials.
* Comprehensive understanding of the National Airspace System and UAS operating regulations.
* Practical experience in the operation, testing, and development of small UAS or drones.
* Expertise in engineering principles, codes, theories, and a broad application of complex technical concepts.
* Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and apply them effectively, and the capacity to organize and coordinate work effectively.
* Proficiency with computers and strong documentation skills.
* Familiarity with rotary-wing aerodynamics and flight control systems.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities.
* Self-motivated with the capability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment.
* Flexibility to work extended hours as required by project demands.
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Advanced degree in engineering, robotics, computer science, or a related technical or management field.
* Hands-on experience with RC helicopters or UAVs, including piloting, maintenance, and troubleshooting.
* Knowledge of software development practices and programming languages pertinent to autonomy and robotics (e.g., Python, C++, ROS).
* FAA Part 107 certification.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
