---
title: Test Site Technican Specialist
status: active
id: '5167869007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167869007?gh_jid=5167869007
lastmod: '2026-06-23T19:35:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T16:06:34-04:00'
location: Fort Stockton, Texas, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Test Sites : Test Sites'
offices:
- Fort Stockton, TX (ATTS)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Ability to gather requirements from end-users. Communicate and teach complex subjects with clarity and simplicity. Able to build trust cross-functionally, navigate customer hierarchies, and influence teams in a peer-leadership capacity.
* Proficient in resolving complex and ambiguous technical issues involving hardware, software, and network interfaces.
* Self-motivated with a strong propensity for self-directed learning and exploration of new technologies.
* Keep precise records of hardware inventory.
* Support test engineers with operational tasks related to engineering activities.
* Manage and ensure the quality and availability of equipment for deployment and demonstrations.
* Provide assistance with product installation at test sites when necessary.
* Aid the Test Site Lead in site management tasks such as office upkeep, supply management, and equipment maintenance.
* Oversee and sustain relationships with vendors.
* Willingness to travel up to 50% of the time to provide support at various test sites.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Project management experience in technical fields
* Ability to work collaboratively with Test Engineers and other teams
* B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical field
* Familiarity with Linux OS. Comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools.
* Strong mechanical aptitude with tools and electronics.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working with Aerospace/DoD/ DoE test ranges

US Salary Range

$68,000—$90,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
