---
title: Associate Director, Business Development, Saudi Arabia
status: active
id: '5167135007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5167135007?gh_jid=5167135007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T07:29:05-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T16:49:48-04:00'
location: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Global Defense Capture'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril's Middle East team delivers cutting-edge platforms, software-first systems, and integrated effects from across Anduril's portfolio to regional customers, with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) serving as our primary growth anchor. The team adapts and applies Anduril's core hardware and software products to serve the unique national security and defense requirements of Saudi Arabia and the broader GCC. As this team rapidly expands its footprint in Riyadh, this role requires an applicant willing to take on diverse responsibilities. The Business Development (BD) team is responsible for identifying, shaping, capturing, and growing new opportunities and capabilities for the company. BD team members serve as the bridge between Saudi defense stakeholders and the broader Anduril team; they convey local operational requirements to our global enterprise while serving as the Anduril brand ambassador in-Kingdom. They partner extensively with engineering and program management to ensure Anduril products exceed regional mission demands and align with KSA’s defense modernization goals.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

We are looking for an Associate Director, Business Development (BD) based in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to identify, shape, and capture opportunities to grow revenue within the Kingdom and the wider region. You will serve as the critical link between Saudi defense prospects/clients and our global product teams, translating local operational needs into the Product and Engineering pipelines to ensure Anduril’s suite of autonomous systems meets the Kingdom’s security demands. This role requires a high degree of initiative, localized cultural fluency, and a deep understanding of Saudi procurement. You will have direct ownership of shaping, capturing, and executing business development opportunities in alignment with Saudi Vision 2030 defense localization objectives.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Find, pursue and close business within Saudi Arabia.** This will involve extensive travel within the Kingdom, high-level engagement at regional defense exhibitions (such as the World Defense Show), and deep responsibility for navigating KSA budget cycles and ministerial approval processes. Success will be achieved by developing deep relationships within the Ministry of Defense (MoD), Ministry of National Guard (MNG), Ministry of Interior (MoI), and presidency forces. You will monitor local buying cycles, lead specific proposal and capture efforts, and generate highly targeted growth strategies based on KSA’s threat landscape and strategic priorities.
* **Develop capture strategies.** Provide cohesive business plans and execution models that outline acquisition paths, create clear alignment to Saudi investment strategies, and drive towards programs of record. Success will be achieved by engaging key stakeholders—including the General Authority for Military Industries (GAMI) and Saudi Arabian Military Industries (SAMI)—to shape requirements, secure relevant funding, and develop localized industrialization and supplier strategies for competitive captures.
* **Drive product adoption and program transition.** Anduril thrives by developing new technologies for our clients' most pressing operational challenges, particularly in UAS, Counter-UAS, and border security. You will drive the transition of nascent concepts into KSA operations through early-stage pilot programs, field trials, and collaborative R&D. Internally, you are charged with translating Saudi defense challenges back into our engineering organization, ensuring our product suite remains best-in-class for the region’s unique desert and maritime operating environments.
* **Grow existing business.** While the primary role is capturing new business, you will represent all Business Lines across Anduril's portfolio. You will partner with local execution teams, joint venture partners, and product engineers to scale our footprint with existing Saudi clients. This involves not only expanding current contracts but leveraging established relationships to explore new capabilities, sensor integrations, and localized software-defined command and control (C2) solutions.
* **Communicate our value to clients.** BD team members are brand ambassadors who represent Anduril to Saudi decision-makers, local industrial partners, and the regional public. You must project the company's ethos, clearly communicating our software-first approach, speed of innovation, and competitive edge in localized co-production and technology transfer.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of business development, military operational, or strategic sales experience interfacing directly with Saudi government decision-makers (i.e. MoD, MNG, MoI, security forces), with deep expertise in GAMI regulations, localization mandates, and Saudi procurement processes.
* The ideal candidate will be a proven growth leader with prior experience in commercial or defense capture and sales within the Kingdom, demonstrating a track record of building, executing, and winning defense contracts under Saudi Vision 2030 guidelines.Prior acquisition or operational experience in-Kingdom, with a strong understanding of Saudi Arabia’s strategic security priorities and threat environment.
* An aptitude and appetite to thrive within organizations with nascent structure, high-ownership culture, and a "whatever it takes" environment.
* A knack for knocking out deliverables in an ambiguous environment, while maintaining a level-head, strong interpersonal skills, and the cultural gravitas required to navigate senior-level Saudi defense environments.
* Excellent writing and communication skills with experience briefing senior military commanders and executive leadership.
* Bachelor's degree from an accredited university.
* Ability to travel 50%-75% (predominantly within KSA and the Middle East, with occasional travel to US HQs).
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S., Canada, U.K., Australia, or New Zealand security clearance.

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience shaping and leading capture efforts directly involving SAMI (Saudi Arabian Military Industries) or local Saudi defense-industrial partners.
* Prior experience working with Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Direct Commercial Sales (DCS), and Saudi direct commercial procurement, including navigating ITAR, licensing, and technology releasability.
* Demonstrated knowledge of KSA defense modernization programs, with a history of zero-to-one program growth in the Middle East.
* Demonstrated high-energy, high-ownership individual who will drive performance and exhibit strong management skills with a high level of emotional intelligence and cultural awareness. Must be able to work in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial environment, and adapt global technologies to the local market.
* Riyadh-based or willing to permanently relocate to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
* Currently has and is able to maintain an active U.S., Canada, U.K., Australia, or New Zealand security clearance.
* Strong bilingual communication skills; fluency in both written and spoken Arabic and English.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
