---
title: Senior Energy Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '5168587007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5168587007?gh_jid=5168587007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T15:25:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maritime Enabling Technology'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Maritime is seeking a skilled and passionate Energy Systems Engineer to join our Enabling Technology team and make a direct impact on the performance and safety of our cutting-edge maritime products. In this role, you will be a key contributor, applying your technical expertise to design, develop, test, and certify the high-density energy systems that power our platforms.

You will work closely with the Enabling Technology team, platform leads and multi-disciplinary teams, focusing on the technical execution necessary to advance our energy solutions and ensure they meet the rigorous demands of harsh maritime environments. This is an opportunity for an engineer who thrives on solving complex technical challenges and contributing directly to mission-critical systems.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* **Design & Development:**Design, develop, and mature high-density energy storage systems through internal engineering projects, contributing directly to hardware and software solutions.
* **Technical Execution:** Execute against sections of the energy technology roadmap, advancing current energy systems through capability development, validation, and optimization efforts.
* **Certification Support:**Perform and support critical certification efforts for energy systems, including tasks related to UN38.3 and NAVSEA 9310.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:**Collaborate effectively with multi-disciplinary internal teams and external vendors to integrate energy systems into Anduril Maritime products using agile development and CI/CD principles.
* **Requirements & Specifications:**Contribute to the identification of energy demands, develop detailed technical specifications, and ensure our energy systems meet product requirements for endurance and safety.
* **Testing & Validation:**Conduct rigorous testing, analysis, and validation of energy systems, documenting findings to support shipping and use certifications.
* **Technical Communication:**Clearly communicate technical development status, findings, and issues to internal stakeholders, lead engineers, and potentially external partners.
* **Innovation & Research:**Actively evaluate new energy technologies and industry trends, researching and proposing innovative solutions to enhance our product capabilities.
* **Proposal Contributions:** Provide detailed technical inputs for proposals, including engineering execution plans, and contribute to customer deliverables and requests for information.
* **Trade Studies & Analysis:** Perform mission and system-level trade studies and detailed analysis to inform design decisions, balancing risk, cost, and performance objectives.
* **Problem Solving:**Actively participate in Root Cause Corrective Action (RCCA) activities for energy and power systems, ensuring lessons learned are integrated into design improvements and future requirements.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor of Science or higher degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or Systems Engineering.
* At least 6+ years of years of hands-on experience working on power system design and development.
* Hands-on Development Experience: Demonstrated experience in designing, developing, testing, and supporting the delivery of cutting-edge, high-density energy storage systems for complex and harsh environments.
* Battery Safety: Experience contributing to the development and execution of battery safety plans.
* Strong Fundamentals: Deep technical fundamentals in energy storage systems, electronics design, and/or product development.
* High-Reliability Design: Experience designing high-reliability, mission-critical power systems.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance as a U.S. Citizen.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Requirements Execution: Proven ability to translate complex system requirements into executable technical tasks and successfully deliver against those demands.
* Technical Aptitude: Strong ability to execute technical development efforts, self-assess against key performance parameters, and work effectively across multiple engineering disciplines.
* Technical Communication: Excellent technical communication skills, with the ability to articulate critical technical findings and conclusions to various audiences.
* Experience supporting battery certification efforts, including UN38.3 certification as well as NAVSEA 9310.
* Experience with subsea electro-mechanical design.
* Experience contributing to product development in electro-mechanical systems, ideally energy systems.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
