---
title: Mission Software Engineer
status: active
id: '5168518007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5168518007?gh_jid=5168518007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T11:09:56-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T11:09:56-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

# Mission Software Engineer - Maneuver Dominance

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Maneuver Dominance team at Anduril develops operationally relevant, multi-asset autonomy. We are focused on building the next generation of autonomous capabilities by leveraging existing Anduril platforms like Ghost or Altius, bringing 3rd party platforms into Anduril's Lattice ecosystem, and developing breakthrough systems that will shape the future of the battlefield. We build Software services and Autonomy algorithms that solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers.  
  
As a Mission Software Engineeron theManeuver Dominance team, you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. Above all, Engineers within Maneuver Dominance are driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own the feature development and software solutions that are deployed to customers
* Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to more customers.
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality.
* Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring.
* Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps.
* Work closely with Anduril and 3rd party vehicle hardware teams, as well as operational subject matter experts (pilots, UAV operators, etc.) to align on requirements during product development and iterate towards a final design.
* Write and maintain core libraries and services that perform critical functions for collaborative teams of robots - for example, motion deconfliction and contingency management of fast mover air vehicles.
* Travel up to 20% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
* 2+ years of professional industry experience working with C++ or Rust programming languages.
* Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases.
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact.
* A bias for action, extreme ownership, and the drive to see projects through from concept to production.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active UKSV Security Clearance

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong background with focus in Physics, Mathematics, and/or Motion Planning to inform modeling & simulation (M&S) and physical systems.
* Developing and testing multi-agent autonomous systems and deploying in real-world environments.
* Feature and algorithm development with an understanding of behavior trees.
* Developing software/hardware for flight systems and safety critical functionality.
* Experience with distributed communication networks and message standards.
* Knowledge of military systems and operational tactics.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
