---
title: Metal Plate Former/Fabricator
status: active
id: '5169941007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5169941007?gh_jid=5169941007
lastmod: '2026-06-19T19:54:44-04:00'
date: '2026-06-19T19:54:44-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Heavy Metal - Production'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (3100 Harbor)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Maritime Manufacturing Technology Team is responsible for rapidly developing and implementing manufacturing technologies, processes, and materials for cutting-edge defense hardware. The team is developing deployable static and moving surfaces, undersea and sea to air vehicles, and scaling these products in our new manufacturing facilities.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking an experienced Metal Former/Machine Operator to join the team, working in a cutting-edge production environment to advance the state-of-the-possible in maritime manufacturing. You will play a key role in delivering our products to our customers by working hands-on with our engineering team on a multi-disciplinary workflow. This role will include fabricating high-quality parts in a cutting-edge production system as well as building assemblies to support the production floor.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Read and interpret technical drawings and CAD models.
* Program/set-up/operate manual, semi-automated and CNC plate rollers, hydraulic presses, and shears.
* Design/spec out and lead implementation of various work holding and fixture methods.
* Act as SME on the rolling/forming/contouring fabrication of pressure vessels, alloys, or varying materials.
* Troubleshoot issues and make adjustments during the manufacturing process.
* Perform quality control both during and at completion of the manufacturing process.
* Lead the organization, machine maintenance, and cleanliness of the work area.
* Collaborate with the Quality and Engineering teams to identify and implement safety policies and procedures.
* Help build, supervise, and mentor the fabrication team on rolling, forming, contouring, safe handling, etc.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10-15+ years' experience as a metal forming technician.
* Proven experience in setting up and operating plate rolling machines to form cylinders, cones, and other curved shapes of various metal thicknesses (up to 4-6”).
* Extensive experience in operating hydraulic press brakes for forming and bending.
* High level of familiarity with various alloys, metals, etc.
* Knowledgeable in Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Proficient in using precision measuring tools (calipers, micrometers, protractors, tape measures).
* Can own the completion of an assigned manufacturing task from start to finish.
* Ability to flex between R&D fabrication and production tasks.
* Able and willing to jump in on production assembly integration tasks as needed.
* Ability to lift up to 50 lbs unassisted.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience working with exotic materials like Inconel, Monel, Titanium, and HY-80).
* General fabrication experience (cutting, forming, welding).
* Forklift and/or overhead crane certification or ability to obtain.
* Experience with CAD software like Siemens NX (Unigraphics).
* Prior work with architecture and infrastructure engineering partners and/or general contractors to build, improve or modify machining systems.
* Hobbyist fabricator, welder, builder.

US Hourly Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
