---
title: Senior Director, Business Development, Precision Engagement Systems
status: active
id: '5170863007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5170863007?gh_jid=5170863007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T13:31:08-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Washington, District of Columbia,
  United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Tactical Recon & Strike Capture'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Precision Engagement Systems (PES) team is part of the larger Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) division at Anduril responsible for developing, testing, and producing autonomous aerial small drones (Group 1-2) and all equipment to deploy and operate across non-combat and combat threat environments. The team is responsible for advancing products like Bolt (ISR/strike), Anvil (CUAS interceptor), and emerging technologies from concepts to operational systems, constantly iterating to ensure the capability remains relevant and reliable as conditions in various domestic and international environments continue to evolve. PES works in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a highly independent and motivated **Senior Director, Business Development**, Precision Engagement Systems (PES) to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for understanding and continuously assessing the market to rapidly capitalize on opportunities that lead to successful capture, expanding and achieving PES growth objectives. You will serve as the bridge between clients and the broader Anduril enterprise, conveying client perspectives to internal teams while serving as an external brand ambassador, while also working in the technical trenches with software/hardware engineers, roboticists, and mobile developers to shape product features. This will require a strong understanding of operational use cases, customer requirements associated with PES drone technologies, and the ability to translate these needs into technical system attributes. If you are someone who has strong interpersonal skills, a passion for working in a fast-paced environment, and thrives as part of a high-performing, diverse team, then this role is for you.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Build a cohesive Precision Engagements Systems (PES) growth strategy within the relevant DOW Program Executive Offices and DOS Acquisition Authorities - U.S. Army, U.S. Special Operations Command, U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Navy programs and their supported organizations to penetrate, expand, and deliver at scale Anduril’s tactical reconnaissance and strike capabilities. Requires a solid understanding of creating and negotiating the right business deals based on continuous market assessment and competitive analysis.
* Work with the product teams to identify and structure resource planning for Growth, drive favorable Terms and Conditions / Contract types that are aligned and favorable to the PES business line financial forecast
* Lead end-to-end capture of major domestic DOW, DOS, State/Federal, and international opportunities from proposal strategy to product delivery to customer
* Work with cross-functional teams within PES to identify and shape new business opportunities, proactively communicate and resolve program issues, and provide strategic direction to program teams across mission operations, product engineering, and manufacturing
* Lead the strategic expansion effort of Anduril's PES portfolio - group 1 tactical strike/CUAS (Bolt/Anvil) systems - planning, coordinating, and driving capture campaigns across the business line to close deals
* Assist in informing the PES and TRS Division’s strategic growth and long-range planning.
* Identify and pursue new business opportunities within the Department of Defense and other government agencies, both domestically and internationally
* Lead the expansion of Anduril's TRS systems beyond DOW and DOS, targeting other government agencies and allied forces globally
* Develop and coordinate programmatic funding and growth with direct coordination with Anduril Government Relations, Strategy team, and adjacent business lines.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years of relevant business development, sales capture, or growth/acquisition experience in the government and/or private sector
* Proven growth leader with demonstrated experience shaping and capturing complex programs within the DoD and USG
* Demonstrated knowledge in defense acquisitions, with a history of scaling large Program of Record defense program growth from either government or industry experience
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance
* Must be comfortable and effective working in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial, and creative environment
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented with exceptional communication skills
* Ability to travel up to 50%
* Must be located within commutable distance of Anduril's Costa Mesa, California headquarters, with the ability to be on-site as needed

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Possess general knowledge and experience with Group 1-3 drones system employment
* Intimate understanding of requirements generation, acquisition strategy development, programming, planning, and budgeting cycles for the purposes of transitioning prototype capabilities to production
* A technically minded leader who can build, adapt, and implement new and innovative approaches to market
* Ability to identify, establish and use important customer relationships with program stakeholders within defense and intelligence community to drive capability adoption
* Demonstrated high-energy individual who will drive performance and exhibit strong interpersonal skills with a high level of emotional intelligence

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
