---
title: Resident Supplier Quality Engineer
status: active
id: '5170632007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5170632007?gh_jid=5170632007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T22:45:10-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T13:38:54-04:00'
location: Hamilton, Washington, United States; Stockton, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality : Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a **Resident Supply Quality Engineer**, you will be the Anduril representative working onsite at our supplier to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable composite assemblies and mechanical sub-assemblies. This role focuses on being the liason between Anduril and the supplier, by collaborating and driving engagement with our design and manufacturing teams to meet our quality requirements the first time. Everything comes down to clarity and action with our suppliers and partnering with them for world class results across the supply chain. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, supply management, supplier development, sub-system performance criteria, metrology, and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes with suppliers, work hands-on with engineering, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you. Location is in Northwestern WASHINGTON or Northern CALIFORNIA.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Partner with our design teams to support the design development process, provide design for manufacturability feedback, and help generate product data (drawings details, BOM information, and part requirements) for composite assemblies that lead to supplier quality success.
* Manage and execute source inspections at receipt, in-process, and as finall
* Use your knowledge and expertise of composites, additive manufacturing, fabrication, special processes, mechanical sub-assembly, and inspection/measurement to support the internal Anduril design process and ideation. Provide leadership to manage technical risks, proof of concepts, prototyping, and scaling designs for production.
* Implement and execute/oversee source inspection at incoming, in-process, and final acceptance at the supplier on behalf of Anduril, by assessing their adherence to the manufacturing process, drawing, and product specifications.
* Drive the supplier quality development processes throughout the product development stages with the product engineering team through design reviews, supplier process development, testing, and qualification for components and sub-assemblies for precision mechanical parts. Review supplier processes and capabilities to ensure alignment to mechanical & sub-assembly requirements can be achieved.
* Partner with development engineering, product quality engineering, sourcing engineering, category management and program management to deliver predictable supply to the development programs, production programs, and manage exceptions/containments/deviations for supplier technical performance, particularly in the development phases.
* Drive supplier quality readiness by analyzing key and critical characteristics for drawings and supplier specification, develop measurement systems, and supplier qualification activities (PPAP, FAIR, Audit, inspection development, etc.).
* Partner with Global Strategic Sourcing and Product Sourcing Engineering to drive overall supplier performance for cost, quality, delivery and fulfillment of strategic goals.
* Own the elimination of supplier risk to improve quality & reliability across the product lifecycle. Utilize audits, readiness reviews, and training & documentation to ensure compliance.
* Support Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities, while owning containments derived from purchased goods.
* Review supplier effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team. Drive supplier corrective action and response (SCAR) process.
* Audit the Quality Management System at our suppliers, as it pertains to supplier quality and performance. Define and improve required documentation and activities as needed to ensure Anduril’s compliance to flow-down requirements from customers.
* Prepare, support, and lead supplier onsite audits and reviews for contract deliverables for quality management and compliance.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Materials Science, or similar technical field.
* Experience with producing composite assemblies and manufacturing of mechanical sub-assemblies
* Experience in scaling supplier capabilities and quality from prototype and proof of concept parts to low rate production to high rate production.
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements. AS9100 Lead / Internal Auditor Certification or equivalent is a plus.
* Experience performing First Article Inspection to AS9102 Industry Standard and ensuring suppliers have control plans and inspection processes that are capable of meeting product requirements.
* Experience with driving supplier performance and evaluation. Experience with Statement of Work (SOW), quality clauses, intellectual property (IP), and government regulations such as ITAR, etc..
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance
* Must be able to travel up to 80% of the time to suppliers, sourcing partners, and manufacturing locations.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* Experience in creating material and process specifications composites, mechanical parts and sub-assemblies.
* Experience performing source inspection at mechanical manufacturing suppliers, aerospace and defense suppliers is a plus. Experience flowing down Source Control requirements to Suppliers
* Working knowledge of the proper application of non-destructive inspection techniques including x-ray and pressure proof testing throughout a process development life cycle.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), quality improvement techniques, and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Process Failure Modes Effects and Analysis (PFMEA) experience and developing source inspection plans and qualifying the inspection process capabilities.
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements
* Experience with Teamcenter, NX, Oracle/Netsuite, Jira, and Foundry

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
