---
title: Data Analyst, Air Dominance & Strike
status: active
id: '5170039007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5170039007?gh_jid=5170039007
lastmod: '2026-06-21T23:31:43-04:00'
date: '2026-06-21T23:31:43-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Seattle, Washington, United States;
  Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Mission Autonomy Engineering : MFX Factory'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Air Dominance & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial and multi-domain robotic systems. The team is responsible for taking products like Fury (unmanned fighter jet) and Barracuda (air-breathing cruise missile) from concept to product. The team also develops Lattice for Mission Autonomy, Anduril’s premier software platform that enables masses of Fury, Barracuda, and other first and third party robots to collaborate across various missions. We work in close coordination with specialist teams like Perception, Motion Planning, Hardware, and Test Engineering to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers and roboticists excited about creating a powerful autonomy software stack that includes computer vision, motion planning, SLAM, controls, estimation, and secure communications.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Data Scientist at Anduril, you will dive into unique, complex challenges that come with the territory of high-stakes, advanced technology in the defense sector. Your expertise will drive innovation in autonomous systems, shaping the future of defense and intelligence with solutions that are deployed at unparalleled speed. If you're eager to leverage your data science skills in an environment that encourages bold ideas and offers the resources to turn them into reality, Anduril provides the perfect platform to propel your career and make a tangible difference in a world entering a new era of strategic competition. Join us and be part of the transformation that's setting new standards for military capabilities and security.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* A background in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, or a related technical field with a strong quantitative foundation.
* 3+ years of demonstrated expertise in Python for building data transformations, pipelines, and analysis tooling
* Familiarity with Unix/Linux environments, including proficiency with the command line interface and the ability to efficiently manage and navigate distributed computing systems.
* A proven track record of effectively working with large and complex datasets, as well as the capacity to quickly understand and work within established codebases and complex system architectures.
* A strong commitment to applying data science to solve real-world problems, with the ability to translate technical findings into actionable recommendations that have a tangible impact.
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to engage effectively with multidisciplinary teams, including engineers, product managers, and non-technical stakeholders.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience working with Digital twin simulation, robotics or multi-agent autonomous systems
* Experience with cloud computing platforms (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure) and familiarity with containerization (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) is highly beneficial.
* Knowledge of best practices in data governance, ethics, and privacy, as well as experience with data security and compliance requirements relevant to sensitive and classified information.
* Leadership experience, with the ability to mentor junior data scientists and lead project teams in the execution of complex data science initiatives.
* Experience working with terabyte-scale data, robotics data formats (e.g. MCAP, HDF5), and dataframes (e.g. Pandas, PySpark).

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
