---
title: Senior Antenna Engineer
status: active
id: '5170896007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5170896007?gh_jid=5170896007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T15:52:51-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T15:52:51-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Engineering Services : RF & Comms'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Our Radio Frequency & Communications Engineering team in Costa Mesa is a small group of skilled professionals dedicated to pushing the boundaries of RF and antenna technology. With a strong focus on innovation and excellence, we collaborate closely to design and optimize cutting-edge RF solutions that meet the demands of internal customers, external clients, and the industry.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We are seeking a Senior Antenna Engineer to join our team in Costa Mesa, CA, focused on antenna simulation, design, fabrication, and test. In this role, you will design, simulate, fabricate, tune, optimize, and test antennas, while collaborating with cross-functional teams to meet project specifications and demanding deadlines. This position requires you have proven industry experience in the use of antenna design and simulation tools, as well as extensive experience in antenna fabrication, application, and testing. We are looking for someone that is mission focused, looking for a challenge, can take specific direction, and pays special attention to detail. If you have a passion for antennas and antenna technology, this may be the position for you. Your contributions will be essential in optimizing RF products that support the warfighter.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Meet with product teams to gather antenna requirements and applications
* Perform antenna trade studies, including investigation, simulation, and comparisons of various designs to create a proposed path forward
* Simulate proposed antenna designs to evaluate performance - Model PCB RF transitions, including matching networks, feed structures, connectors, and cables
* Determine best materials and processes needed to fabricate antenna designs
* Work with cross-functional teams to fabricate antenna prototypes
* Test antenna protypes, on the bench, in the chamber, and in the field
* Provide simulation, layout, co-site, and test support in the lab and the field

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* 6+ years of Antenna simulation, fabrication, and test experience
* Experience with RF hardware design and RF component design.
* Experience with all stages of RF hardware testing from in-lab to in-field.
* Experience with test setup automation and relevant data analysis.
* Experience with Anechoic Chamber and Open Air testing
* Knowledge of Schematic Capture, PCB Design, and experience with RF simulation tools
* Some travel required
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Defense, national security, or aerospace domain familiarity through industry or education.
* DoD Field Testing experience with RF based systems and Antenna equipment

US Salary Range

$129,000—$160,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
