---
title: 'Senior CFD Analyst '
status: active
id: '5171236007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5171236007?gh_jid=5171236007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T05:56:40-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T05:56:40-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - ME'
offices:
- London, UK (Charterhouse St)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is seeking a Senior Computational Fluid Dynamics Analyst to join the Maneuver Dominance team in our London office. The Maneuver Dominance (MD) Team at Anduril develops autonomous aerial robotic systems designed to operate in large coordinated teams in concert with ground maneuver forces. We are chartered to add to Anduril’s list of successful aerial drone platforms like Ghost, Altius, or Roadrunner.   
  
Here you will work on core product development for unmanned rotorcraft and complex systems, including but not limited to analysis and development of a novel payload carriage and release system, analysis and testing of the system. The ideal candidate would be practical, hands-on and a self starter with high growth potential.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Own and drive the aerodynamic analysis of the payload carriage and release system for a novel aircraft type.
* Use first principles as a basis for every decision and discern the right level of analysis to apply. Apply and execute progressively more complex analysis methods (hand calculations, spreadsheet, MATLAB and ANSYS/STAR-CCM+ models) as appropriate to the situation.
* Develop appropriate computational models and simulations to predict aircraft performance, flight dynamics, rotor dynamics, aerodynamic loads and payload safe separation as needed to meet design schedules.
* Work in collaboration with Mechanical Design, Stress Engineers, Actuation Engineers and Airframe Architects to create and refine design solutions based on best practice.
* Participate in technical efforts to define requirements, propose solutions, and establish a methodology for evaluating and verifying system design from an aerodynamic perspective. This will involve close collaboration with partner organizations, in both the UK and US.
* Support the design, instrumentation, execution and data processing of tests to validate models and predictions.
* Actively contribute to the enhancement of team tools, templates, processes, and standards.
* Cultivate a positive, dedicated, educational, and enjoyable collaborative work environment.
* Travel to test sites and vendors to support development test activities as needed.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BEng, BSc, MEng, MSc or higher in mechanical or aerospace engineering, or equivalent work experience.
* 10+ years in a technical engineering role in a professional aerospace setting, with demonstrated track record of successful stakeholder management, consensus building and successful project delivery.
* Strong proficiency in CFD software (ANSYS or STAR-CCM+ preferred) solution sequences for linear and non-linear analyses.
* Experience in NX/Teamcenter and proficiency in CAD software.
* Proficiency in Matlab or Python (or equivalent) for developing analytical models, data acquisition, and automation.
* Strong technical knowledge in core CFD principles and the ability to apply them to real-world engineering problems; using the Navier-Stokes equations, discretization, mesh generation, URANS, RANS, LES and DES, setting boundary and initial conditions, using solvers to achieve solution convergence and numerical stability and verifying and validating your model predictions.
* Hands-on experience developing CFD modelling and analysis tooling which is flexible, expandable and reliable.
* An excellent communicator, experienced in report writing and the development and delivery of presentations across a range of settings.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.K. security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with development and analysis of payload carriage and release systems.
* Experience in developing tooling for safe separation analysis.
* Experience in rotorcraft CFD analysis.
* Demonstrated passion for aviation, aerospace, and/or unmanned systems.
* Outstanding leadership and interpersonal skills.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
