---
title: Product Sourcing Engineer
status: active
id: '5171863007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5171863007?gh_jid=5171863007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T19:17:59-04:00'
date: '2026-06-25T15:50:18-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Launched Effects Supply Chain : LE Procurement'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces*.*

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Sourcing Engineer drives the strategic supply network development and cost management of Anduril’s product hardware, across their lifecycles, by collaborating with suppliers and cross-functionally, including folks in engineering, quality, and manufacturing.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO:

+ Conduct supplier selection for a specific product, leveraging our approved supplier list
+ Partner with strategic suppliers to accelerate product development via activities such as:
+ Concept scoping to quickly solidify requirements
+ Feature trade-off / trade tables
+ Should cost / Clean sheet models
+ Joint design development, via clear statements of work
+ Simulation of mechanical & electronics designs
+ Drive the development and consolidation of a manufacturing BOM, working with Quality & Manufacturing, to ramp production internally and with our suppliers with high flexibility
+ Accountable for all NPI component procurement, on-time and correctly, to scale
+ Manage the CAPEX throughout NPI
+ Conduct value-stream mapping to optimize supply network lead time and flexibility
+ Complete the BOM risk assessment, include alternate component sourcing, etc.
+ Ensure completion of all component qualifications, ahead of production
+ Reduce complexity: commonality optimization & component/supplier rationalization
+ Lead all cost engineering activities to converge the bottoms-up cost curve to product cost, maximizing the total cost of ownership (TCO) across the product lifecycle
+ Manage ad-hoc cost issues e.g., tariffs / import export cost, and cost inflation

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* + 5+ years of experience, ideally has background within:
    - Design & development of electronics and/or mechanical devices
  + Advanced sourcing activities, including stints as commodity/sourcing managers
  + Supplier development (technology, process, supply chain, etc.)
  + Early supplier engagement, ahead of product/engineering requirement realization
  + Domain expertise must include value/procurement engineering or TCO-related work at the component & product level.
  + Familiarity with developing high-tech products in a high-mix, low-volume environment
  + Some exposure working in a start-up environment
  + Bachelor’s degree in engineering (BSME, BSEE) or other related technical degree preferred. Advanced technical degree or MBA strongly preferred
  + U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
