---
title: Electronics Test Technician
status: active
id: '5171132007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5171132007?gh_jid=5171132007
lastmod: '2026-06-23T00:23:47-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T00:23:47-04:00'
location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Alexandria, Australia
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging demands of subsea exploration. Anduril has brought to market a unique, long-range maritime vehicle leveraging a flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on existing contracts while simultaneously developing future capability across its product range. We are looking for an Electrical Test Technician to join our growing team in Sydney. In this role, you will work on cutting-edge technology advancing subsea robotics and play a key role in delivering our AUVs to our customers.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Perform testing from prototype and production level electronics per test procedure with high level attention to detail.
* Assist development and test engineers with system checkout, documentation, and release of new products.
* Support Root Cause Analysis and resolutions found during equipment build and testing. (8D, PPS,7S)
* Documentation of product testing results and providing necessary reports as requested.
* Support develop and implement test fixtures; setup and use existing test equipment, monitor, and report the results.
* Provide input to automated test stations and support deployment to manufacturing sites or contract manufacturers.
* Occasional travel to supplier or other Anduril sites as needed.

**QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum of 5 years professional experience in manufacturing environments such as maritime, aerospace, automotive, medical device, or related fields.
* Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, data acquisition and measurement sensors.
* Must be able to read and interpret test procedures, assembly instructions and engineering schematics/drawings.
* Basic knowledge in electrical circuits and circuit analysis.
* Strong attention to detail, with care and consideration when handling test equipment or hardware
* Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications.
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain an Australian NV2 Security Clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* + Experience drafting test plans
  + Proficiency on working with CLI application
  + Experience with high voltage products such as batteries, motors, and power converters.
  + Experience in programming languages such as Python, C, C++ etc.
  + Experience with various communications protocols (CAN, RS232/422/485)

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
