---
title: Senior Systems Engineer, Space Imaging
status: active
id: '5171740007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5171740007?gh_jid=5171740007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T13:48:22-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T13:48:22-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering'
offices:
- Lexington, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Space Imaging team is seeking a Systems Engineer to join our team. The Imaging Space team is responsible for system architecture definition, trade analyses, and modeling/validating system performance for spaceborne EO/IR systems.

In this role, you will be responsible for defining active EO/IR system architectures. You will perform radiometric performance modeling as well as laboratory, ground, and flight testing. To predict real-world performance, you will also model atmospheric and environmental effects for land, sea, and air targets. You will leverage your analyses to inform system-level architectural trades. As needed, you will also lead small teams of engineers from concept ideation through system definition and development.  
  
You should have a track record of successfully working on fast-paced, highly technical, interdisciplinary teams. Proficiency in analytical toolchains or languages (e.g., MATLAB, Python) is required. Experience with industry standard EO/IR modeling software packages (e.g. MODTRAN, SPIRITS, AFSIM) is a plus. Prior experience working with space sensors and systems is highly desirable.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Define system architectures via detailed trade studies and analyses.
* Adapt or derive physics-based models of sensor system performance and derive requirements based on those models.
* Take ownership over the development of prototype sensor systems in a lab environment.
* Support both laboratory-based and field-based experiments and demonstrations.
* Engage technically with the hardware, software, and mission teams to define, integrate, and deliver high performance systems to our customers.
* Validate models against laboratory and real-world data.
* Coordinate and communicate with both external & internal stakeholders with varying degrees of technical background.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Model development and validation in one or more domains relevant to remote sensing
* Ability to decompose complex systems into functional parts, with clearly defined interfaces and requirements for each.
* Experience in system design and development from initial concept through test and delivery to customer.
* Strong laboratory skills (rapid prototyping, design of experiments) and familiarity with opto-electrical test and measurement equipment.
* Willingness to travel to test sites, as needed.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Knowledge of current and next-generation advanced sensing systems and platforms
* Active and passive sensing domain experience (e.g., LiDAR, EO/IR, Radar)
* Experience with laser systems, including opto-mechanical scanning and beam steering techniques.
* Knowledge of electro-mechanical control systems, including their performance requirements and verification methodologies.
* Experience with LiDAR/Radar signal processing techniques, and knowledge of their implementation on real-time embedded platforms (FPGA, MCU, etc.).
* Experience with signature and/or scenario modeling/software packages (MODTRAN, SPIRITS, AFSIM).
* Space domain experience (architecting sensors for operation in space environments)

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
