---
title: Environmental Test Technician
status: active
id: '5171204007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5171204007?gh_jid=5171204007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T10:07:41-04:00'
date: '2026-06-25T10:07:41-04:00'
location: Lexington, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Environmental Test Engineering'
offices:
- Waltham, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Imaging team develops state-of-the-art imaging systems across both hardware and software, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The team is heavily involved in utilizing computer vision, perception, electro-optical, infrared, and sensor data to give our war fighters and allies an advantage.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a hands-on Test Technician to join our R&D Test and Analysis Group in Lexington, MA. In this role, you will play a critical part in pushing our next-generation products to their limits, ensuring they can withstand extreme air, land, sea, and space environments. Working closely with R&D engineers, you will build test fixtures, set up instrumentation, run chambers and shakers, execute environmental and reliability testing, and help transition cutting-edge prototypes into reliable, manufacturable products. A successful candidate will have a strong background in both production and R&D environments, with the ability to collaborate effectively across interdisciplinary teams.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO:**

* Prepare, set up, and execute a variety of dynamic and climatic tests on items ranging from small integrated electronics to larger imaging payloads
* Operate, program and maintain climatic chambers and electrodynamic shakers
* Perform testing of optical systems, sub systems, including prototype hardware according to procedures and engineering direction
* Install and route instrumentation such as thermocouples, accelerometers, strain gages, pressure transducers, and other sensors
* Run data acquisition (DAQ) and test-control software to capture and monitor test data
* Maintain test equipment and tools, ensuring they are calibrated and functioning correctly.
* Travel to test sites as needed to support DVT & Qualification Efforts. This includes local and out of state travel which could be a week or two at a time to support critical test events

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Associates degree in Physics, Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience of 5+ years of hands-on professional experience working in environmental test labs
* Hands-on expertise operating and programming electrodynamic shakers and climatic chambers
* Proficiency with data acquisition (DAQ) systems and test control software; familiarity with VR software or similar dynamic testing platforms
* Solid understanding of various test apparatus operation: shakers, chambers, power supplies, DMM, etc.
* Strong fundamental knowledge of accelerometers and thermocouples, including how to mount and route them to ensure gathered data is reliable
* Disciplined documentation habits - captures test conditions, setup, and anomalies in detail and in real time, keeping results traceable
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, demanding, flexible team environment, working both independently and under engineering direction
* Must be capable of lifting at least 50 lbs for short periods of time
* Must be comfortable with hands on work and working in noisy environments including outdoors and inclement weather
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in both production and R&D test environments
* Advanced knowledge of climatic chambers and electrodynamic shakers, including setup, maintenance, and troubleshooting
* Knowledge of infrared systems or optical systems including performance requirements and verification methodologies.
* Capability to solder, repair, or make cabling from scratch and from engineering drawings
* Able to critically evaluate test data, distinguish true anomalies from setup artifacts, and escalate questionable results to an engineer

US Hourly Range

$47.60—$62.50 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
