---
title: Senior Product Quality Engineer, Ghost
status: active
id: '5172306007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5172306007?gh_jid=5172306007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T18:01:48-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Engineering : Quality'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a **Senior Product Quality Engineer**, you will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable products. You will be recognized as the lead point of contact for product quality leadership. This role focuses on our [Ghost](https://www.anduril.com/hardware/ghost-autonomous-suas/) product and auxiliary accessory products with career growth to any of our products in the development stages. An ideal candidate for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, test/system performance criteria, metrology, and continuous improvement for drones and/or aerial vehicles. If you are someone who loves to build world-class quality processes, work hands-on, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead, execute, and ensure deliverables for Product Development Process within New Product Introduction phases collaborating and coordinating with Systems, Electrical, Mechanical, Software, and Test engineering team counterparts.
* Drive product development/improvement and production for Ghost by supporting drawings & work instruction reviews, process development, inspection, acceptance test performance management, end-of-line metrics, verification, validation, and qualification of processes and parts, sub-assemblies, along with the vehicle, itself.
* Drive clarity & resolution for quality ambiguities associated with product maturity, process stability, and field performance that impact the product achieving it’s quality & reliability goals for volume production.  Design, develop, and lead the quality plan for the product.
* Provide product ownership surrounding Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) in determining appropriate disposition to rework or repair customer-owned hardware, and perform troubleshooting and/or root cause analysis by partnering with Reliability Engineering and other cross-functional teams.
* Champion the transition from new product introduction (NPI) to a sustainable & predictable, high rate manufacturing process and supply chain.
* Own the elimination of product risk to improve reliability & quality across the product lifecycle. Engage in quality issue management from concept stages through development & manufacturing to field use.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product roadmap for changes and customer acceptance testing.
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA), Material Review Board (MRB) activities, and inspection process performance. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities. Establish metrics for measuring quality and the factors that predict quality performance.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System for the product. Define and improve required quality documentation and processes.
* Support investigations, initiatives, and projects as needed, at the team or organization level.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar STEM fields.
* 8+ years of experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in Drones, Artificial Intelligence, aeronautics/defense systems or similar hardware.
* Hands-on experience in system architecture, mechanical or electrical design, design review of precision mechanical, PCBA, harnessing, avionics, systems integration, composites, propulsion systems, and/or lethality systems.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization.
* Experience leading the transition from engineering/design qualification to manufacturing/production and verification and validation for product quality coverage.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes.
* Working knowledge of Design of Experiments (DOE) and Statistical Process Control (SPC) methodologies.
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. S/TS security clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree in a technical field
* 10+ years of experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, or Quality in Drones, Artificial Intelligence, aeronautics/defense systems or similar hardware.
* System level ownership experience in Autonomous Drones and helicopters.
* Experience developing PCBA and FW/SW integration.
* Experience in executing MRO operations for/with Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) under U.S. military contract.
* Experience integrating Electronic Warfare (EW) and/or explosive munitions & launcher subsystems into vehicles.
* 7+ years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards and general workmanship standards.
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for aerial vehicles.
* Experience with Teamcenter, NetSuite, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, Foundry, ERP/MES, and Altium (or other PCBA and harness design software)

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
