---
title: 'Production Program Manager, Intelligence Systems '
status: active
id: '5172934007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5172934007?gh_jid=5172934007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T12:58:21-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T12:56:43-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are seeking a Production Program Manager to serve as a builder-operator within the AIS division. You will work on projects that define the way we operate in a high-volume security intensive manufacturing environment. This cross functional work will involve engineering, supply chain, operations, finance and executive leadership teams to ensure the successful manufacturing ramp of our production programs. Your role is critical in driving efficiency improvement, schedule attainment, risk assessment and mitigation, as well as ensuring projects are delivered on both schedule and budget.  
  
The ideal candidate has a quality mindset, capable of dissecting complex operational problems, using data to drive decisions, and implementing robust processes that enable scalability and efficiency. You will be the critical to our effort to hit full-scale production while ensuring our systems are not only designed for performance but also for manufacturability, reliability, and cost-effectiveness.  
  
Success in this position hinges on your ability to:

1. **Execute with Precision:** Dive deep into ambiguous and complex operational challenges, diagnose root causes, and drive solutions to completion.
2. **Optimize and Mature:** Lead the transition to production readiness, focusing on process optimization, operational excellence, continuous improvement, design for manufacturability (DFM), and supply chain stability.
3. **Process Development:** Partner and build agile production management processes to achieve specific, time-sensitive outcomes.

*Please note: There will likely be up 50% travel required for this role.*

***This role will be based temporarily at Santa Ana, CA for a 3 month training period before transitioning to Ashville, OH.***

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* **Strategic Problem Solving:** Act as an internal strike team leader to identify, analyze, and resolve the most complex operational, manufacturing, and business process issues that impede product maturity and scalability.
* **Process Optimization** – Drive continuous improvement initiatives aligned with our COGs objectives to enhance production efficiency, scalability, and cost effectiveness
* **Budget & Cost Control**– Monitor project budgets, track progress and ensure we are continually focused on solving the largest problems to improve the bottom line
* **Data-Driven Operations** – Develop and implement reporting systems that clearly and transparently communicate progress to internal teams and executive leadership on KPIs, OKRs and project status, risks, and mitigations
* **New Product Information (NPI)**– Be production’s point of contact for all changes to existing product as well as new products in our pipeline
* **Cross-Functional Initiative Management:** Lead high-priority, cross-functional projects to align production efforts with business objectives that span engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, quality, and finance. You will support defining project scope, building the plan, and ensuring outcomes are achieved.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Operations Management, Business or related technical field
* 5+ years of experience in operations program management, business operations, engineering/technical roles, preferably in a complex hardware industry
* Strong understanding of the manufacturing environment and the supporting processes that enable production
* Experience launching new products with condensed timelines
* Experience with project management methodologies (Agile, Lean, Six Sigma, etc.) and tools (Jira, Confluence, Gantt Chartsetc.)
* Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and organizational skills
* Strong communication and leadership abilities to influence and align cross functional teams
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with evolving priorities
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* You’re technical—you are data-driven, understand systems, and know how to communicate with engineering and product teams.
* You’re a builder—you’d rather design and implement a better solution than patch around a broken one.
* You’re a team player - you approach both people and problems with a a sense of humility while clearly understanding your impact.
* You’re self-driven and proactive—your bias is for action rather than delay.
* You’re comfortable in ambiguity—you get energy from untangling complex, messy problems.
* You’re clear—you communicate effectively, including in both technical and non-technical contexts.

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
