---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '5172988007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5172988007?gh_jid=5172988007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T13:34:40-04:00'
location: Broomfield, Colorado, United States; Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-13)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems, deployed to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and its allies. The Radar team is seeking an experienced Senior Electrical Engineer to transform ambitious concepts into manufacturable reality for the next generation of US radars. The Radar team is responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from the ideation stage through initial production.  In this role, you will work closely with an interdisciplinary technical team to design high-speed mixed-signal architectures and circuits, manage signal integrity in complex PCBs, and mature prototypes into products.

### ABOUT THE JOB

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Design combinations of high-speed digital, precision analog, RF, and high-power architectures
* Design embedded electronics from concept to functional prototype, including hardware selection, schematic & PCB design, board bring-up, and system level integration
* Troubleshoot issues that span the electrical and software boundaries, with solid skills using both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and basic software debugging tools
* Work with modern SoCs and networking hardware to build Anduril platforms
* Work closely with firmware/software engineers for processor/peripheral selection, board bring up, and troubleshooting.
* Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products
* Work in a fast-paced environment, having to juggle multiple concurrent projects and customers.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering
* 8+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting complex hardware, embedded systems, and products
* Demonstrated experience with multi-gigabit SERDES, DDR memory busses, Ethernet MAC and PHY interfaces, FPGAs, and common communication busses like SPI and I2C
* Experience with microprocessor and microcontroller selection, configuration, and interfacing
* Experience with component, schematic capture, high speed board design, and guiding PCB layout.
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, debuggers, current-probes, sprectrum/network analyzers, and automation of tests
* Familiarity with product development processes and tools
* Knowledge of embedded software development, including use of timers, interrupts, hardware peripherals such as SPI controllers and ADCs
* Experience with signal integrity and power integrity rules and simulation
* Exceptional organization and communication skills (both written and oral)
* Proficient with Altium Designer or equivalent electronic design tools
* Familiar with common programming languages like Python for test automation.
* Must be eligible to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret Security Clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiar with RF design and layout
* Past experience with placement and routing of PCBs
* Experience with JESD204 and PCIe
* Familiarity with military standards (MIL-STD-461/704/1275)
* Experience with high speed ADC/DAC's and software defined radios

*We request transcripts as part of the early application process to understand your academic background and how your coursework supports the skills deemed critical for the role. Transcripts help us assess your technical and analytical abilities, complementing our interview process in which we also evaluate practical experience and cultural fit. If you choose not to share your transcripts, you will need to provide detailed information regarding your academic performance in relevant courses, including projects and coursework specifics, to ensure we evaluate your academic accomplishments properly. If you do provide academic transcripts, feel free to redact non-technical information (e.g., student ID, dates, non-technical coursework, etc.). Unofficial transcripts obtained online acceptable for this assessment.*

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
