---
title: Electro-Mechanical Engineer, Radar
status: active
id: '5172928007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5172928007?gh_jid=5172928007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T21:30:52-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T12:42:21-04:00'
location: Broomfield, Colorado, United States; Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-13)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems to tackle significant security challenges for America and its allies. The team is seeking a Radar Electro-Mechanical Engineer to help develop and implement RF sensing technologies. They are responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from ideation through initial production. In this role, you will work closely with interdisciplinary technical teams to understand radar design objectives and end-user needs, using this knowledge to design, plan, and execute to ensure optimal radar performance.

## **WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Own mechanical and thermal aspects of hardware design from initial requirements through transition to full production.
* Work on mechanical designs that involve the tight integration of complex thermal solutions, RF hardware, PCBAs, and cabling.
* Prototype rapidly in order to find issues quickly and develop a final product on compressed timelines.
* Support critical customer-facing hardware demonstrations and use these interactions to better understand the customers’ requirements.
* Travel to test sites as needed.

## **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience in an immersive technical project (collegiate project teams or professional settings)
* 2+ years of mechanical design experience in a professional setting
* CAD skills (any platform) and ability to make high quality engineering drawings that meet common industry standards
* Demonstrated hands-on fabrication skills and ability to root-cause and adapt quickly to manufacturing issues
* High competence with, and fluid use of, engineering first principles
* Experience with integration of PCBAs and other electronics into a mechanical system
* BSME, MS, or PhD in a related engineering field
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active a Secret clearance

## **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience with NX/Teamcenter
* Experience with designing passive and active thermal management into mechanical designs
* Experience with designing hardware with EMI constraints
* Experience with designing parts for various manufacturing methods such as CNC machining, sheet metal, injection molding, and 3D printing
* Experience working closely with electrical engineers, software engineers, manufacturing engineers

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
