---
title: Quality Manager, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5173482007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5173482007?gh_jid=5173482007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T11:40:26-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T19:49:42-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Intelligence Systems team is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing national security requirements.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As the Quality Manager you will lead a team of product quality engineers who will work inside & outside the organization to define, develop, and execute processes that deliver high quality & reliable products. Your leadership will impact how Anduril designs, develops, and release to production for a portfolio of products that supportIntelligence Systems. You will build partnerships with heads of production, program management, deployments, sourcing and multiple engineering teams. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, sub-system performance criteria and metrology, and leadership experience to contribute to Anduril's mission.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead & manage a team of product quality engineers to champion failure mode elimination in the development phase, driving part and system level quality readiness for production scaling, and supporting customer / deployment quality issues.
* Drive product development to achieve quality experience for Sentry products and variants by supporting product making engineering activities like detailed design reviews, process development, verification, validation, and qualification of processes and parts, sub-assembly, and system deployments.
* Drive clarity & resolution for development ambiguities associated with product maturity, process stability, and field performance that impact the product meeting it’s quality & reliability goals for production.
* Drive ongoing quality performance in a sustainable & predictable manner for a low rate, high complexity manufacturing process and supply chains.
* Own the elimination of product risk to improve reliability across the product lifecycle. Engage in quality activities from concept through development and manufacturing to field use.
* Ensure the execution of product and process requirements. Define and improve such requirements.
* Lead Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) and Material Review Board (MRB) activities. Review the effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across the product team.
* Lead product health data analysis and improvement activities. Establish metrics for measuring quality and the factors that predict quality performance. Drive performance when out of goal/out of specification conditions occur.
* Review contract language for customer requirements and build a quality program that exceeds customer expectations.
* Support the continuous improvement of the Quality Management System. Define and improve required documentation and activities.
* Develop strategies and resource plans with heads of production, program management, deployments, sourcing and chief engineers & architects to meet customer & product requirements.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelors degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineer
* Experiences leading a team of quality resources to address production execution and quality issues that impact delivery or product quality at our customer..
* Working knowledge of design review and quality management of PCBA, harnessing, mechanical structures, systems integration, power/battery systems, radar, vision system/optical image capture, networking/communication protocol, and remote management systems.
* Experience driving product quality and performance requirements to test and measurement system development and optimization. Leading the transition from engineering qualification to manufacturing variance testing for product quality coverage.
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), Inspection & measurement systems, Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) elements such as Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA), and Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing (GD&T).
* Working knowledge of mechanical and/or electrical manufacturing processes.
* Ability to read and drive clarity for technical drawings, requirements, Quality Clauses, and SOWs used to describe quality requirements
* Working knowledge of Manufacturing Execution systems, Configuration Management and Document Control
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to completion.
* Analytical skills and experiences for data mining, data quality, metrics generation, issue management systems, and statistical analysis tools (MatLab, JMP, MiniTab, etc)
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Experience recruiting, hiring, and developing a team of engineers and specialists.
* 7+ years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers.
* Working knowledge of AS9100/ ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements.
* Experience with IPC standards, mastery of ESD and FOD prevention and mitigation,
* Experience with government contracts and mil standard requirements
* Experience with Teamcenter, Oracle, Warehouse management, Non-Conformance management systems, and Jira-base work stream tools

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
