---
title: Infrastructure Deployment Administrator
status: active
id: '5173215007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5173215007?gh_jid=5173215007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T15:06:36-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T15:06:36-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Infrastructure Engineering : Network Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-13)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We are looking for a highly motivated, multi-disciplined Infrastructure Deployment Administrator to join the Infrastructure Engineering team, with a primary responsibility to execute infrastructure rollouts at new sites. The ideal candidate will leverage their extensive expertise in network infrastructure and systems integration to elevate team operations, maximizing overall efficiency and effectiveness. They will collaborate with internal stakeholders, including IT Infrastructure, Security, and Facilities personnel, as well as external stakeholders, such as Construction Project Management and Contractors, to ensure the successful deployment of network and server equipment required to operationalize new site builds. This role involves handling hardware receipt, asset-tagging, inventory management, staging, pre-configuration, coordinating shipments, and installations.

### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Prepare and configure network and system hardware and software.
* Create, test, and ensure compatibility of deployment scripts and configurations.
* Coordinate logistics and prepare documentation for equipment shipping.
* Install, configure, and integrate network and system equipment on-site.
* Conduct testing to verify system operation & performance and meet site redundancy requirements.
* Troubleshoot issues, document validation procedures, and ensure a seamless transition to operational status.
* Monitor system performance, provide training, and maintain deployment records.
* Work with the Deployment-Planning & Design Team, Facilities, Construction Project Management, and Contractors to optimize infrastructure rollouts.
* Collaborate with local IT personnel to validate deployments before handover.
* Develop required documentation to support the maintenance and sustainability of the site.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 3-5 years' experience implementing, administering, and supporting IP networks.
* Strong grasp of core networking principles, including routing protocols like BGP and OSPF, and switching technologies such as VRFs, VLANs, VXLAN, STP, and EtherChannel.
* Extensive experience with configuring and troubleshooting Cisco devices running IOS XE and NXOS as well as Arista switches running EOS.
* Extensive experience with Palo Alto firewalls, stateless ACLs, network taps, and port spans.
* Strong technical knowledge of current network hardware, protocols, and RFCs, including routers, switches (layer 2/3), firewalls, DHCP, DNS, OSPF, BGP, VRFs, VLANs.
* Proven expertise in one or more of the following: Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Windows Server (2022, 2025), VMware (vSphere), Azure or AWS cloud services.
* Hands-on experience with virtualization technologies such as VMware ESXi, Linux KVM, Hyper-V, and containerization platforms like Docker.
* Familiarity with pull requests and merging code to handle deployment scripts and configuration updates.
* Self-starter with the ability to work independently and prioritize tasks.
* Passion for technology and teamwork-focused attitude with an ability to learn new technologies quickly.
* Strong communication skills including active listening, clear documentation, cross-functional collaboration, and the ability to balance technical feasibility with business objectives.
* Layer 1-4 troubleshooting experience.
* Working knowledge of network automation tools and processes.
* Experience with ticketing systems and managing a ticket queue.
* Strong documentation and communication skills - both written and verbal.
* Ability to travel up to 40% for remote deployments.
* Support weekly On-call rotation.
* Ability to lift 40 lbs.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Any of the following certificates: CCNA, CCNP, PCNSA, ACMP, MCSA, RHCSA.
* Experience with fast-paced, high-velocity environments.
* Experience with Cisco, Aruba, Arista, Palo Alto.
* Experience with PaloAlto Network Solutions: Panorama, NGFW appliances.
* Experience with AWS, Azure, GCP.
* Experience with Python, Nornir, Jinja, Ansible, Terraform.
* Experience in a Zero trust/beyond corp environment is a plus.
* Startup experience is a plus.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
