---
title: Regional Manager
status: active
id: '5174599007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5174599007?gh_jid=5174599007
lastmod: '2026-06-29T15:58:24-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T15:58:24-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Air Defense Engineering : Mission Operations'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We build robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems (CUAS) team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of UAS threats. Working across product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success, the CUAS team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril CUAS Family of Systems (FoS) in challenging operational environments worldwide.

### ABOUT THE JOB

In your role as a Mission Operations Regional Manager on the CUAS team, you are responsible for delivering and sustaining a CUAS capability that meets our customers’ mission requirements and exceeds their expectations. You fulfill this responsibility through rigorous operational execution, detail orientation, proactive communication, deep mission understanding, and hard-won product expertise. You feel ownership over the health and performance of all assets and technologies deployed to your customers and users, and ensure that the system delivers when they need it most. You represent Anduril to our customers, building their confidence and trust through your professionalism and commitment to excellence. You also represent our customers back to Anduril, communicating user feedback and lessons learned to continuously improve our product and our team in response to evolving mission needs. Above all, you set the standard for what good looks like for your customer, and you rally your Anduril teammates to meet that standard every single day.

### Qualities

* **Mission execution**: Do whatever it takes to achieve mission success for Anduril and our customers. Meticulous, resourceful, and detailed-oriented, you will manage every step of the deployment process, from site survey to testing, pack-out, installation, training, and sustainment. No job is too small. You consistently demonstrate extraordinary judgement, grit, and composure in high pressure situations. You anticipate every contingency, build lightweight processes, soberly assess and mitigate risk, and deliberately learn from your experiences to continuously improve.
* **Relationship management**: Build trust with customers, users, and Anduril teammates through effective communication, positive attitude, and follow-through. With careful listening and observation, you internalize our customers’ priorities and requirements. You develop plans that build their confidence in, and understanding of, our capability. With empathy and responsiveness, you quickly build rapport with users and provide high-quality training and support. Internally, you develop relationships across the organization to operate effectively. Whether in writing or in speech, you communicate honestly and directly. You are committed to giving and receiving feedback well. Your partners always know what you expect from them, and know exactly what to expect from you.
* **Mission expertise**: Develop a deep knowledge of your customer’s mission requirements, including the nature of the threats they face, regulatory challenges, resource constraints, rules of engagement, and more. You will become a CUAS subject matter expert and the voice of the customer, capable of effectively communicating requirements and CONOPS to Anduril engineers so they can continue to enhance our CUAS capability to meet evolving mission needs. You are deeply motivated to shape the future of air defense.
* **Product expertise**: Develop a thorough understanding of the capabilities and limitations of Anduril’s CUAS Family of Systems. You are innately curious about the technology underpinning our capability, and are not satisfied with a superficial understanding of how and why it works. You are constantly educating yourself about the strengths and weaknesses of different sensor modalities, the challenges of sensor fusion, power and networking requirements, and more. You will become an opinionated power user who can reliably forecast how our capability will perform against a broad range of threat profiles, environmental conditions, and mission constraints.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Project planning and execution: plan and execute complex hardware movements, site installations
* Site sustainment operations: Tier 1 troubleshooting and user engagements, issue resolution and escalation, reporting, working with data
* Communicate plans and timelines to the customer and to internal counterparties
* Drive cross-functional/integrated program team: lead an integrated team to deliver capability, create focus, drive execution
* Manage customer and stakeholder expectation and relationships
* Support large DoD Program of requirements and submit accurate and timely information on deadline

### Skills

* Project management
* Cross-functional leadership
* Problem-solving
* Risk identification and mitigation

### Required qualifications

* Advanced degree or 4+ years experience in a technical field
* Deep interest in national security issues and defense technologies, with a commitment to lifelong learning
* Proven customer-facing program management and/or systems engineering experience, preferably in the defense, national security, or aerospace domain
* Proven experience leading a team of peers to field hardware or software products to real operating environments
* Can travel up to 50% of the year
* Applicant must have experience demonstrating an ability to lead tech enabled teams while building a culture of influence through relationships.
* The applicant brings innovative solutions for strategic impact to issues challenging the organization and customer alike.
* Applicant is highly effective with coordinating cross-functional teams and subject matter experts of engineers, operations, logistics, etc. to rally in the accomplishment of a unified goal.
* The ideal candidate innovates and drives improvements across disciplines with a proven ability to design, develop, implement, and evaluate processes relating to project management and customer relationship building.
* Applicant is adept at listening, consolidating, interpreting, then communicating subjective material into the objective for the benefit of the team.
* Is a creative problem solver that is energetic and relentlessly curious.

US Salary Range

$133,000—$176,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
