---
title: Electrical Engineer Lab Technician
status: active
id: '5174050007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5174050007?gh_jid=5174050007
lastmod: '2026-06-25T13:13:39-04:00'
date: '2026-06-25T13:06:30-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : EMC Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE ROLE**  

We are seeking an experienced **EE/EMI Lab Technician** to join our **Air Dominance & Strike Electrical Engineering**team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for supporting EMI/EMC Engineers in their designing, building, testing, and validating electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) and electromagnetic interference (EMI) solutions for electronic products. This role involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements.    

  

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**  

* Build aerospace test harnesses to IPC standards per engineering drawings with a focus on EMI/EMC considerations.

* Rework, repair, and modify complex and high density PCBAs to IPC standards per engineering drawings.

* Update existing test systems to improve automation, consistency, and coverage per engineering instructions.

* Maintenance and calibration of electrical and/or mechanical test equipment.

* Create assembly instructions and bill of materials for harness and PCBA build/modification requests.

* Data Processing - After test completion, verify, review and document all pertinent data.

* Perform Testing - Monitor tests per specifications, interact with customers if needed, troubleshoot, and document all pertinent data for MIL-STD-461, 464, and other standard tests.

* Lab Maintenance / Post-Test Breakdown - Physically remove test items. Maintain lab by cleaning all equipment, keeping calibrated instruments current, & organizing supplies

* Travel to test sites and external laboratories as required.

  

 **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**  

* 4+ years of electronics lab and testing experience in an R&D environment

* Experience with electrical compliance testing such as EMI/EMC testing per MIL-STD-461G, MIL-STD-464D, DOD-160

* Familiarity with IPC Quality Standards, IPC-610, IPC-620, J-STD and other assembly and inspection standards

* Familiarity with reading electrical system and component schematics

* Familiarity with product development life cycle, reliability, and compliance testing

* Advanced understanding of DMM, O-scope, power supplies; understanding of RF measurement techniques and the use of various RF measurement instruments (specifically Spectrum Analyzers, EMI Receivers, Network Analyzers, EMI receivers, Power Meters); working knowledge of basic safety practices

* Able to use all standard EMI equipment; able to accurately capture necessary data; able to use TILE (Total Integrated Laboratory Environment) test software

* Strong root cause analysis skills

* Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills

* Able to pivot quickly between tasks and prioritize simultaneous tasks in a fast-paced environment

* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

  

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**  

* 5+ years electronics testing experience

* IPC-610, IPC-620, IPC7711/7721 and J-STD Certified. (CIS or CIT)

* Associate degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Technologies, or related fields

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or related field

* Experience with High Voltage and High Power Testing such as propulsion inverters and batteries

* Experience with equipment calibration and metrology

US Hourly Range

$47—$62 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
