---
title: Coordinator, External Events
status: active
id: '5174323007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5174323007?gh_jid=5174323007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T17:25:52-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T17:25:52-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Management : COO Office : Events'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## 

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril is seeking a Coordinator to join the External Events team. The Events team takes lead on all major events at Anduril. These events can range from summer outings and holiday parties to VIP visits, employee engagement events, media happy hours and everything in between. This position will be based in Costa Mesa and will be focused on executing VIP & Essential visits in Southern California. There will be additional cities/areas that this position will be responsible for as well as the company continues to grow.

### ABOUT THE JOB

VIP and Essential events are an integral part of the work we do here at Anduril. They represent an opportunity for us to showcase our latest products, cutting-edge technology, and where it all happens. VIP and Essential events are any events/visits where Anduril is hosting a very important external party. Hosting a successful VIP or Essential visit can be the determining factor which separates us from others in the industry. Our approach to planning VIP and Essential events always revolves around the attendee experience. From the moment they leave their house through attending the event, our goal is to make their experience immersive, easy flowing, and memorable. We do this by ensuring that the Anduril brand is at the heart of the experience by leveraging visuals, technology, and operational excellence.   
  
This role requires someone who can operate with precision in secure and fast environments, manage complex logistics around sensitive programs, and create exceptional experiences that reflect the caliber of innovation happening at Anduril.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Coordinate end-to-end logistics for all VIP and Essential visits in the West Coast offices.
* Oversee daily in-office execution of VIP and Essential visits including checking on catering set-ups, AV, room readiness, check-in flow and parking logistics.
* Ensure all SOPS around VIP & Essential event planning are kept up to date.
* Provide event planning support for external events. External events may include marketing, media, customer-facing, and investor events (happy hours, conferences, VIP visits).
* Ensure all vendor quotes are accurate and keep accurate budgets when planning all events.
* Work closely with various departments (Kitchen Operations, Executive Assistants, Internal Operations, IT, Design, Communication, Physical Security and Legal) to ensure all events are well executed.
* Travel onsite (as needed) to locations for load-in, day-of coordination, and load-out.
* Ensure appropriate Anduril branding is utilized in all mediums (menus, invitations, Zoom screens, directional signage, etc.).
* Help create/improve streamlined event processes and procedures.
* Be a resource for all Anduril employees when it comes to events or hosting visitors to our offices.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* This is an in-office position with the primary location based in Costa Mesa, CA.
* Travel is expected to support events. Estimated 10%-20% travel needed.
* 3+ years experience in event planning or other related fields.
* Strong project management and creative problem solving skills.
* Deadline and detail-oriented.
* Ability to work well in teams and autonomously.
* Ability to visualize event space flow, guest experience, presenter experience, food presentation, appropriate sound levels, etc.
* Strong ability to shift priorities quickly when needed.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel), and communication platforms like Slack preferred but not required.

## 

US Salary Range

$77,000—$102,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
