---
title: Senior Insider Threat Analyst
status: active
id: '5174889007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5174889007?gh_jid=5174889007
lastmod: '2026-06-29T16:33:03-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T12:47:47-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Intelligence Systems Engineering'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril’s Insider Threat team is looking for a senior cybersecurity analyst to protect Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) from internal security threats. This analyst will be a critical part of analyzing anomalous activities, running investigations, and working across the business line. This role will be a key stakeholder within the Anduril Information Security team implementing forward-leaning, innovative insider threat & counterintelligence detections and mitigations.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Support Anduril Intelligence Systems as our front line responder by identifying, triaging, investigating, and remediating Insider Threat related security detections and anomalies.
* Own Insider Threat investigations from end to end.
* Lead evaluating and implementing controls to reduce Anduril's attack surface from an insider threat.
* Produce dashboards and metrics to support and streamline incident response and investigations.
* Perform threat hunting and identify anomalies within the environment to uncover insider threat activity.
* Communicate technical security concerns and issues to a non-technical audience.
* Deeply embed yourself within the AIS business line and form relationships with key stakeholders.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Action-oriented analyst with the ability to work autonomously and take ownership of complex projects.
* Knowledge of modern adversary tradecraft and mitigating controls.
* Proven experience in insider threat investigations, digital forensics, and incident response.
* Ability to analyze large datasets across various systems (SIEM, data lake, etc.).
* Experience with Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) tools, Data Loss Prevention (DLP), and other telemetry sources.
* Excellent analytical skills, capable of interpreting complex data and deriving actionable insights.
* Capable of handling highly sensitive investigations with utmost discretion.
* Currently possesses and can maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in one or more general purpose languages (Python, Go, etc) and familiarity with one or more infrastructure as code languages (e.g., Terraform, AWS CDK) in a production capacity.
* Experience building controls around export controlled information, CUI, and other sensitive data.
* Understanding of counterintelligence concepts and their application in security operations, particularly for identifying and addressing insider threats.
* Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Information Security, Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Engineering and 5+ years of security analyst experience; or 7+ years of security analyst experience without a degree.

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you!

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
