---
title: Senior Embedded Engineer
status: active
id: '5175392007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5175392007?gh_jid=5175392007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T11:21:10-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T14:25:48-04:00'
location: Hudson, New Hampshire, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Firmware Engineering'
offices:
- ' Hudson, NH'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Advanced Infrared Solutions (AIRS), formerly American Infrared Solutions, was acquired by Anduril Industries in 2025 and now operates as part of the Imaging Business Line. For more than 10 years, AIRS has designed and built world-class, high-performance cooled infrared cameras and subsystems, including critical components such as Integrated Dewar Cooler Assemblies (IDCAs). From its site in Hudson, NH, AIRS is expanding to supply these critical components both internally, to Anduril's Imaging products, and externally, to serve as a merchant supplier to the broader defense, space, and commercial industrial base. Growing the external merchant supplier business alongside internal production is a core strategic priority for the Business Line.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

The AIRS team is seeking a Senior Embedded Engineer to design a new product lines. In this role, you will work closely with an interdisciplinary technical team to define, complete the design and analysis, build prototypes leading to ground and flight testing, and mature the prototypes into products.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Lead FPGA architecture, standards, development and review processes
* FPGA Development: Designing, architecting, simulating, and integrating VHDL designs into FPGAs or Systems on Chip (SoC) for optimized performance, resource utilization, and power efficiency.
* Hardware/Software Integration: Collaborating with multidisciplinary teams (electrical engineers, software engineers, systems engineers) to ensure seamless integration of the firmware with the overall system, including processor bring-up and board support packages.
* Testing and Validation: Developing robust test benches in VHDL/Verilog and utilizing lab tools such as oscilloscopes and logic analyzers for rigorous testing and validation of designs against functional specifications and performance requirements.
* Optimization: Optimizing the algorithms for hardware acceleration, including MIPS optimization and efficient use of on-chip bus protocols like AXI or AXI-Stream.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Education: A Bachelor's in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field is typically required.
* Experience: 10+ years of experience developing HDL firmware for FPGA devices
* Hardware Description Languages: Expertise in VHDL and/or Verilog/SystemVerilog is essential for RTL (Register Transfer Level) design.
* FPGA Tools: Experience with industry-standard FPGA design tools such as Xilinx Vivado or Intel Quartus.
* Debugging Skills: Strong hardware/software debugging skills using standard lab equipment.
* Version Control: Proficiency with version control systems (e.g., Git) for collaborative development.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Demonstrated experience designing with multi-gigabit SERDES, DDR memory busses, Ethernet MAC and PHY interfaces, FPGAs, and common communication busses like SPI and I2C
* Embedded software development experience with the use of timers, interrupts, hardware peripherals such as SPI controllers and ADCs
* Knowledge of embedded Linux development, including device trees, hardware drivers, bootloaders, and basic Unix/Linux tools
* Familiar with common programming languages like Python and MATLAB
* Familiarity with infrared image sensor technology

US Salary Range

$165,000—$218,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
