---
title: Electrical Technician Specialist, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5175506007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5175506007?gh_jid=5175506007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T15:30:35-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T15:30:35-04:00'
location: Santa Ana, California, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations : Production Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Manufacturing Production team is responsible for a wide range of activities that are crucial to the manufacturing process including operating equipment, assembling products, performing quality control checks, and maintaining a safe and efficient work environment.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Electrical Technician Specialist to join our rapidly growing team in Santa Ana, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for assembly and integration of mechanical and/or electrical components. If you are someone who is a highly motivated team player who is willing to support a fast paced team environment and detail oriented self starter with minimal oversight then this role is for you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Conduct rework and repair of PCB/PCBA/PWAs and cable harnesses/assemblies
* Inspect and test reworks/repairs of PCB/PCBA/PWAs and cable harnesses
* Conduct product/acceptance tests on components and assemblies
* Read and understand cable assembly drawings, schematics, and test procedures
* Use measuring devices such as oscilloscopes, ohmmeters, voltmeters, and clamp meters, and ensure consistency and safety of the system
* Fabricate and assemble high quality, high reliability cables, wire harnesses, and electro-mechanical assemblies

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years of experience working on repair and rework of PCB/PCBA/PWAs and cable harnesses/assemblies
* Deep understanding of PCBs, PCBAs, manufacturing workflow and assembly techniques
* Soldering, crimping, assembling cables and connectors, basic hand tools and simple tools (drill press, bandsaw, etc)
* Ability to understand written test procedures, test report, documentation of test results
* Familiarity with common termination systems and interconnect solutions from Molex, Amphenol, TE, Hirose, etc
* Basic electrical understanding (able to calculate voltage drop, size wire based on amperage, Ohm's Law, etc)
* Understanding of fundamental electrical concepts such as Ohm's Law, voltage drop, allowable ampacity
* Familiarity with basic test equipment (DMM, Oscilloscopes, function generators)
* Experience working on high-power electronics and HV cables
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Associate level degree in electronics/electrical assembly or equivalent
* Building, repairing and troubleshooting cables and wiring harnesses
* Hand solder per J-STD and/or NASA-STD 8739.4
* Wire harness experience in accordance with NASA-STD-8739.3 and 8739.4 and/or IPC-A-620 standards
* Knowledge of ISO 9001 / AS9100 Quality Management Systems
* Aviation or Defense fabrication/manufacturing experience
* Willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed

#### **ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Willing to work assigned shift hours, overtime and weekends as needed. Estimated shift times: 1st shift: 7 AM - 3:30 PM; 2nd shift: 3 PM - 11:30 PM
* Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this position
* Able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted

#### US Hourly Range

Specialist/Level 1: $32 - $43/hour   
Specialist/Level 2: $37 - $49/hour  
Specialist/Level 3: $41 - $54/hour  
  
Your job level will be tailored to your individual qualifications, including your job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
