---
title: Modeling and Simulation Engineer, Space
status: active
id: '5175793007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5175793007?gh_jid=5175793007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T19:25:00-04:00'
location: El Segundo, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Modeling and Simulation Engineer, you will design mission trajectories, build models to help craft mission solutions, and develop simulations to solve key mission needs. Our team is responsible for helping government customers make informed acquisition decisions in the Space domain. As such, general space knowledge, space domain awareness (optics, radar, space-based), satellite payload, orbital dynamics, or prior physics-level MS&A experience are preferred.   
  
You will model architectures, develop and deploy algorithms, evaluate performance, and help shape future system concepts for the U.S. Department of Defense customers.  
  
This role is directly tied to ongoing, funded programs within Anduril’s Space Business Line.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Develop model-driven analysis (and often the models themselves)
* Perform operational and mission effectiveness analysis of existing and emerging systems and capabilities in representative environments
* Perform trade studies via simulation and recommend alternative architectures
* Provide rigorous analytical products which will be used to guide DoD decision making

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance
* Space Mission MS&A experience - for example, working knowledge of constellation design, space trajectory design, and physics-level modeling across a wide variety of space missions
* Spacecraft & Payload MS&A experience— ability to perform physics-based, trade-space analyses for spacecraft propulsion, power, thermal management, and payloads such as RADAR, SATCOM, and/or EOIR
* Outstanding communication skills to include visual presentation of complex data
* Proficiency with physics-math scripting (e.g., Matlab (preferred), Python)
* Strong engineering background, preferably in Astrodynamics, Aerospace Engineering, Dynamics and Controls Engineering, or other related engineering field

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in STEM and 5+ years in a relevant Science/Engineering field
* Experience with version control tools (e.g. GitHub, Gitlab, etc.)
* Experience conducting software-based trade studies
* Proficiency with STK and advanced modules (e.g. Astrogator)
* Experience working in SAP security environments
* Experience with genetic algorithms, machine learning, AI, and reinforcement learning algorithms

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
