---
title: Legal Operations Coordinator/ Paralegal
status: active
id: '5176316007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5176316007?gh_jid=5176316007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T15:15:40-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T11:58:58-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Legal Operations team is responsible for optimizing the efficiency and effectiveness of the Legal Department at Anduril and works cross-functionally to streamline workflows, automate routine tasks, implement best practices and support regulatory compliance efforts. With the overarching aim of supporting the Company’s overall strategic goals, the Legal Operations team acts as a bridge between legal, the Company’s business units, and outside counsel.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Legal Operations Coordinator/ Paralegal (non-lawyer position) to join our rapidly growing team in Orange County, California or Washington DC. In this role, you will be responsible for providing extensive paralegal, operational, and administrative support in a fast-paced environment to our multi-disciplinary team. You will assist with contracts negotiation, knowledge management, document retention and management, process implementation and optimization, and special projects. This will require skills in legal research, drafting and editing, document management, project management and regulatory compliance. If you are someone who is scrappy, adaptable, loves to learn, and detail-oriented then this role is for you. **Focus Areas Include:**Supply Chain, Immigration & Employment, Generalist Functions

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Triage and provide frontline support for requests from the Company to the legal department
* Prepare and maintain records and documentation, such as contracts, agreements, engagement letters, etc.
* Review, process and approve outside counsel invoices for accuracy, compliance with billing guidelines, and budget alignment
* Draft, review and redline standard contracts, e.g., NDAs, SaaS licenses, vendor contracts, engagement letters, etc.
* Be a partner to the lawyers on the team with respect to billing and invoicing, data requests, research, organizational filing and general project support
* Coordinate electronic signatures and manage our Contract Lifecycle Management (CLM) tool and contract records
* Support legal tech execution, such as maintaining our CLM, invoicing, matter management, or AI tools
* Support departmental stakeholders with recurring legal requests
* Work cross-functionally with Employment, Supply Chain, Compliance and other departments
* Facilitate and assist in various projects, large and small
* Assist in the development of lightweight workflows to keep the company organized and efficient
* Work cross-functionally with Employment, Supply Chain, Compliance and other departments
* Facilitate and assist in various projects, large and small
* Assist in the development of lightweight workflows to keep the company organized and efficient

**Employment & Immigration Focus:**

* Coordinate immigration matters with outside counsel, including visa applications, work authorization documentation, and status track domestically and internationally
* Support our conflicts of interest and contractor/1099 workflows

**Supply Chain Focus:**

* Support the drafting, review, and processing of high-volume transactional agreements including purchase orders (POs), statements of work (SOWs), master service agreements (MSAs), and supplier/vendor contracts
* Assist with the development and maintenance of standard contract terms and approved clause libraries
* Maintain and organize contract templates, playbooks, and self-service tools for the supply chain team

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* At least 2 years of relevant experience
* Bachelor's degree and/or paralegal certificate
* Strong written and verbal communications skills and excellent attention to detail and accuracy
* Experience with or willingness to learn productivity tools (e.g. AirTable, Slack, DocuSign, Jira)
* Familiarity with or willingness to learn contract or matter management systems.
* The ability to build strong relationships within the team and cross-functionally, including Employment, Supply Chain, Compliance, and more
* Experience in supporting small and large-scale projects
* Solutions oriented, with interest in developing and streamlining processes and creating efficiencies
* Self-starter who is able to identify areas where they can assist;
* Willing to wear multiple hats with shifting priorities and work on projects of all types, big and small
* Excellent analytical and critical thinking skills
* A positive, team player attitude, good judgment, and eagerness to help others

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Interested in national security and changing the landscape of defense contracting
* Experience with startup, defense, and/or in-house at a high-growth company strongly preferred
* Familiar with notarizations
* At least 1 year experience at a nationally recognized law firm or in house strongly preferred

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
