---
title: Rapid Integration & Test Engineer
status: active
id: '5176707007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5176707007?gh_jid=5176707007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T15:20:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Rapid Integration & Test'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril is integral to our mission, ensuring that every product meets the highest standards of performance and reliability. Our team specializes in a broad spectrum of testing activities, including developmental testing using surrogate vehicles, and is at the forefront of testing approaches—particularly in the domain of mission autonomy systems.  
  
As our team expands, we are seeking a Rapid Integration Engineer to focus on the challenges of rapid prototyping and contribute to the iterative advancement of Anduril’s broad range of autonomous systems.  
  
We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated rapid integration and test engineer to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible for integrating hardware and software systems onto unmanned vehicles, and working closely with cross-functional teams to rapidly prototype and iterate on hardware and software solutions.

### Key Responsibilities

* **Systems Integration:**

+ Lead the design, construction, and testing of UAS prototypes, efficiently transforming concepts into functional early-stage products.
+ Integrate hardware components onto unmanned vehicles, including sensors, actuators, and control systems.
+ Integrate electronic components and ensure seamless communication between hardware and software systems.

* **Collaboration:**

+ Work with mechanical, software, and systems engineers to prototype and test new hardware and software solutions.

* **Testing & Evaluation:**

+ Conduct feasibility studies, simulations, and performance evaluations to optimize hardware designs.
+ Develop and execute test plans to validate hardware functionality and reliability.
+ Identify and troubleshoot hardware issues, implementing effective solutions.

* **Innovation & Documentation:**

+ Stay current with industry trends and emerging technologies to drive innovation.
+ Document design processes, test results, and maintain detailed engineering records.

### Required Qualifications

* Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution.
* 3+ years of in-depth knowledge of open source autopilot systems and ArduPilot stack, including integration, configuration, customization, and testing of unmanned vehicles.
* Willingness and ability to travel as necessary for project planning, testing, and execution.
* Experience with rapid prototyping, 3D printing, laser cutting, and working with composite materials.
* Demonstrated application of fundamentals of aerodynamics, flight performance, structures, electrical, and GNC
* Comprehensive understanding of the National Airspace System and UAS operating regulations.
* Practical experience in the operation, testing, and development of small UAS or drones.
* Expertise in engineering principles, codes, theories, and a broad application of complex technical concepts.
* Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and apply them effectively, and the capacity to organize and coordinate work effectively.
* Proficiency with computers and strong documentation skills.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities.
* Self-motivated with the capability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment.
* Flexibility to work extended hours as required by project demands.
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.

### Preferred Qualifications

* Advanced degree in engineering, robotics, computer science, or a related technical or management field.
* Hands-on experience with remote control aircraft or UAVs, including piloting, maintenance, and troubleshooting.
* Knowledge of software development practices and programming languages pertinent to autonomy and robotics (e.g., Python, C++, ROS).
* FAA Part 107 certification.

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
