---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Sensor Integration
status: active
id: '5176061007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5176061007?gh_jid=5176061007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T12:27:41-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T11:55:56-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Counter Intrusion Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**About The Team**

* The Counter Intrusion MSE team develops systems that provide force protection capabilities, monitoring the perimeter of secure areas, land or sea, for approaching people, vehicles, and vessels. We live in a world where security officers are increasingly overwhelmed by sensor data feeds. Our products leverage advanced sensor fusion and autonomy to seamlessly render activity in the environment to Lattice's common operating picture. This relieves operators of our system from a ton of burden and allows our customers to get more done with fewer personnel. Increasingly Counter Intrusion MSEs are working on projects to bring customers' existing legacy security systems into the Lattice ecosystem. Key to this effort is building scalable software solutions so that we can service many customers without requiring bespoke software for each one. The Counter Intrusion team is responsible for the development, testing, deployment, and sustainment of our family of systems. We work closely with other teams from product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success.

**About The Job**

* We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in Irvine, CA. In this role, you will be responsible for solving a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more. You will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. This will require making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs. If you are someone who is driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset - then this role is for you.

**What You’ll Do**

* Own the software solutions that are deployed to customers
* Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to more customers
* Write fast and functional code to perform sensor integration that is reliable and robust
* Integrate sensor nodes into the larger Anduril software stack
* Drive the vertical integration, and optimization of sensor system for a continually evolving product and application space; coordinating short to medium-term efforts across multiple hardware and software teams
* Support existing product deployments in the field; identifying, diagnosing, and addressing P0 hardware and software issues
* Partner with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints
* Travel up to 15% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world

**Required Qualifications**

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics.
* Strong proficiency in writing software for sensor integration (C++ and Rust)
* 3+ years of experience integrating, designing, developing on, or optimizing remote sensing systems. (Radar, Lidar, EO, IR, etc)
* Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
* A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
