---
title: Proposals Senior Analyst, International
status: active
id: '5177202007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5177202007?gh_jid=5177202007
lastmod: '2026-07-01T15:33:19-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T14:00:54-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs : Proposals : Proposals'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Proposals & Capture Team is responsible for championing the development and delivery of major proposals, partnering with stakeholders across Anduril’s business lines and functional teams, including growth/business development, legal, finance, engineering, program management and executive teams to win new business.

### ABOUT THE ROLE

As a new Sr. Analyst supporting the International Proposal and Capture team, you will join the team that sits at the heart of Anduril’s growth engine. You will support the development and delivery of major proposals, partnering with stakeholders across Anduril’s business lines and functional teams, including growth/business development, legal, finance, engineering, program management and executive teams to win new business. You will provide essential project management and content generation skills, expertly navigating the dynamic environment of a hyper-growth company and managing competing priorities with overlapping schedules. You will learn to craft compelling material to inform our customers’ market research and acquisition strategies, write technical narratives on cutting edge capabilities, build and implement pricing strategies, and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to close deals. You will progressively move into managing larger and more complex deals and supporting the internal process of bringing them from initial inception to contract close.

### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* First and foremost you are a writer and will spend the majority of your day constructing the narratives and documents that drive Anduril’s business
* Support Managers and Sr. Managers as they partner with myriad business and technical stakeholders to pursue long-term opportunities and execute Anduril’s capture, pricing, and outreach strategy through proposals, white papers, and other documents
* Coordinate and support crafting responses to International Government and customer requests for white papers, general product or company information, quotes, and proposals
* Support process improvement projects and other cross functional initiatives
* Support the development and curation of a content library of prose, briefs, and graphics for use across the business
* Coordinate with technical counterparts on Anduril’s engineering team to accurately represent the company’s technology to potential customers
* Be responsible for setting up and maintaining the deal/proposal infrastructure (Salesforce, Sharepoint, Slack, etc.) and coordinating data sharing and reviews (kickoffs, color reviews, etc.) and approvals across the team
* Conduct Data Collection in support of proposal efforts (e.g., past performance information, resumes, graphics)
* Coordinate support with broader Anduril organizations such as the Legal Operations Team when collecting/consolidating corporate data

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 2 - 3 years experience in international business, government, government contracting, or defense contracting space is a must.
* Experience does not need to relate directly to proposals (e.g., finance, engineering, project management, contracting, etc.) but should be related to contracting with the US Government &/or International Governments, or international enterprises
* Ability to clearly articulate information, and listen to and understand business needs and build relationships across the global organization
* Excellent writing and critical analysis skills
* Ability to synthesize large amounts of information into a coherent and convincing narrative
* Strong project management skills with the ability to juggle many competing equities and drive a project to completion
* Comfort engaging with a range of disciplines including, but not limited to, design, engineering, program management, supply chain, global trade, and finance
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
