---
title: Environmental Health & Safety, Associate Manager
status: active
id: '5177572007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5177572007?gh_jid=5177572007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T13:37:45-04:00'
date: '2026-07-22T13:37:45-04:00'
location: West Lafayette, Indiana, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : EH&S : EH&S'
offices:
- West Lafayette, IN
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an **Environmental Health and Safety Associate Manager** to join our rapidly growing team in **West Lafayette, IN**. In this role, you will be solely responsible for the development and implementation of a business line’s Chemical Hygiene Plan (CHP) across two sites. Will be part of a broader team conducting Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) programs to comply with federal, state, and local regulations. This is a regional role which includes oversight of CHP activities in McHenry, MS area as well. Individual will work in manufacturing and R&D laboratory environments focusing on EHS programs relevant to propellant research and solid rocket motor manufacturing. May be limited quality assigned duties.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Act as the Chemical Hygiene Officer (CHO) to develop, implement and maintain the organization’s Chemical Hygiene Plan (CHP).
* Conduct routine laboratory inspections and safety audits to identify hazards and recommend corrective actions.
* Perform chemical hazard and risk assessments for laboratory procedures and new research activities.
* Maintain chemical inventories and oversee chemical labeling, storage, compatibility and segregations practices.
* Serve as the primary resource for chemical safety questions and emergency response planning.
* Assist with emergency preparedness, spill response planning and chemical exposure evaluations.
* Maintain documentation required for inspections, compliance reporting and training records.
* Assist accident/incidents investigations, analyze root causes, and implement preventative actions.
* Serve as EHS interface and liaison with employees, managers, customers, auditors and regulators.
* Identify workplace safety hazards and conditions for job-related tasks by performing and documenting safety inspections.
* Heavy collaboration with other departments to help guide, teach and influence safe behaviors in the workplace.
* Responsible for hazardous waste management, including proper handling, labeling, and storage.
* Recognize requirements and ensure compliance to safety programs and standards including: hazard communication, fall protection, respiratory protection, lockout/tag-out (LOTO), machine guarding, power & hand-held tools, electrical, emergency response, and chemical management

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* I4+ years of experience implementing and overseeing environmental, health and safety programs
* Thorough knowledge of chemical hygiene principles and laboratory safety practices
* Experience in 29 CFR 1910 General Industry
* Experience in 40 CFR Parts 260-279 Hazardous Waste Management
* Strong written and verbal communication skills, effective at engaging with leadership,  
  regulators, front-line staff, and third-party partners
* Capability to manage multiple activities/projects and deadlines
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled sites

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Environmental Health and Safety, or related scientific field
* Experience conducting laboratory risk assessments
* Experience working around energetic material
* High energy individual who craves the opportunity to build a system vs just manage one
* Natural tendency towards challenging the status quo to find new and novel ways to improve EHS management systems
* A person who leans into challenges instead of saying ‘no’ and walking away
* Willingness to travel up to 40%

US Salary Range

$97,000—$129,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
