---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager - Ground Systems
status: active
id: '5177316007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5177316007?gh_jid=5177316007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T14:53:40-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : Connected Warfare
  Mechanical Design'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Edge Compute and Communications is the team at Anduril dedicated to the modernization of the command and control systems of U.S. and Allied forces. New technologies and new adversaries demand a new approach to battlefield intelligence, and you will be the driving force behind the integration of cutting-edge edge compute and communications technologies that make that approach a reality. If you possess a pioneering spirit and a record of excellence in bringing novel designs to production, join us at Anduril. Your work will not only create new products but also change the balance of defense capabilities on a global scale. Apply now and become a vital part of our mission to secure a safer tomorrow.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

You will serve as the primary contact and touchpoint between engineering, business, and production functions. Our business is rapidly growing, and we are exponentially expanding our production volumes, while simultaneously transitioning multiple prototype products into production. You will oversee this evolution and ensure the successful ramp of our new products into production.  
  
This high level of growth and change requires a senior, experienced leader to coordinate across multiple engineering and production teams. You will have to dive deep into the details and get excited about things like serial effectivity of parts, inventory controls, procurement bill of material management, and harness development release standards. You will be responsible for finding the gaps and risks before anyone else does and identifying and implementing the right solutions. You will partner with design, sustainment, supply chain, manufacturing, and quality teams to orchestrate and guide the drawing releases, part procurement, and capacity planning needed to make that growth a reality.  
  
You will:

* Serve as a key interface between business, engineering, and production functions.
* Oversee the introduction of multiple new products to production.
* Spearhead the ramping of engineering and production resources to expand production by an order of magnitude in one year.
* Coordinate engineering teams to respond to production needs and requirements, including drawing releases and part modifications.
* Triage production and engineering resources against emergent customer opportunities to deliver on new and existing business commitments.
* Work with engineering and production teams to shape key processes for releasing and managing products in production.

### QUALIFICATIONS:

* Demonstrated experience overseeing the transition of multiple complex hardware products from prototype to production.
* Past work as a key partner with, and leader of, hardware engineering teams.
* Proven ability to work with production teams, including manufacturing engineering, production, quality, sourcing, and planning.
* Successful track record operating in scaling environments with high degrees of change and ambiguity.
* Deep knowledge of production processes and controls, including inventory tracking, BOM management, sourcing strategies, and quality management tools.
* Passion for and interest in working with the details of engineering and production processes.
* Business acumen and ability to use financial metrics to guide critical business decisions independently.
* 10+ years working in hardware design and production.
* Degree in engineering or similar technical or quantitative field.

US Salary Range

$132,000—$198,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
