---
title: Staff Propulsion Engineer, Air Vehicles (Air Breathing Engine Integration)
status: active
id: '5177545007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5177545007?gh_jid=5177545007
lastmod: '2026-06-30T17:14:16-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T17:14:16-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Hardware : Propulsion'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Air Dominance & Strike Propulsion Integration team is responsible for designing and integrating advanced hardware for **Group 5 air vehicles** and across **missile platforms**. Air Dominance & Strike Propulsion Engineers own the full development lifecycle, from concept generation, to integration and flight test, ensuring high-performance, resilient, and scalable mechanical systems that meet the demands of complex, contested environments.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Serve as a lead or key contributor in the selection, architecting, and integration of aircraft engines, engine components, and engine controls on unmanned air vehicles (UAVs).
* Design, fabricate, and test prototype components and control systems.
* Plan, instrument, and execute tests of aircraft propulsion systems.
* Coordinate with engine vendors, develop strategic partnerships, and manage development projects.
* Lead or support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed.
* Critical member of team supporting CAD design for inlet / exhaust shaping, surfaces and structures.
* Travel to test sites as needed.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree or higher in Mechanical, Aerospace, or Electrical Engineering.
* 12+ years of propulsion engineering experience on air vehicles (manned or unmanned).
* Professional experience with jet engines in the 250-20,000 lbf thrust class.
* Experience leading the integration of propulsion systems into air vehicles; acting as the technical authority for major subsystems.
* Experience utilizing, customizing, or tailoring thermodynamic engine cycle decks to perform installed engine performance predictions.
* Experience defining comprehensive propulsion test programs and troubleshooting anomalies.
* Experience designing mechanical parts and surface loft (CAD) with the ability to perform design reviews and provide detailed technical feedback to other engineers.
* Understanding of manufacturing methods (machining, sheet metal, composites, 3D printing, injection molding, etc.).
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in NX / Teamcenter, Python, MATLAB, IADs.
* Hands-on experience with jet engine testing including test practices, instrumentation, and data processing.
* Previous work experience at a jet engine OEM or supplier, with a deep understanding of engine performance trade-offs.
* Knowledge and experience working with FADEC, Engine Management Systems (EMS), or equivalent aircraft engine control systems.
* Experience procuring parts and working in a machine shop. Working knowledge of machine safety and shop safety protocols.
* Active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
