---
title: Senior Director, Business Development, Air Defense
status: active
id: '5178152007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5178152007?gh_jid=5178152007
lastmod: '2026-07-10T12:29:48-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T12:29:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Sales and Marketing : Business Development : Air Defense Capture'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

We build robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of UAS threats. Working across product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems (FoS) in challenging operational environments worldwide.

### ABOUT THE JOB

#### As our team continues to quickly grow, we are looking for motivated candidates that are inspired to work within an extremely energetic, driven, and innovative team that is passionate about delivering relevant capabilities to the DOD and our partners and allies. We work in a highly dynamic environment where problem solving, collaboration and relentlessness are a way of life. **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Build and execute a cohesive, data-driven strategy to shape, capture, and close strategic growth opportunities in new or existing markets that allow Anduril to penetrate, expand, and deliver best-in-class capabilities to the U.S. and partner nation forces.
* Grow existing business and generate and capture new business aimed at large programs of record or similar transitioned programs at scale.
* Develop a deep understanding of the existing and prospective client base, know the current or planned programmatic and technical roadmaps, and understand the competitive landscape.
* Develop and maintain effective working relationships with critical U.S. Army air and missile defense program office stakeholders to identify new business opportunities, proactively communicate and resolve program issues, and provide strategic direction across Anduril’s growth, delivery, engineering, and manufacturing teams.
* Collaborate closely with Business Line Operations and Engineering leads to develop and execute coordinated campaigns to capture new business opportunities. Inform product development through ongoing engagement with clients and translation of client challenges into material solutions.
* Work hand-in-hand with multiple Anduril Business Lines (BL), Government Relations team, Strategic Growth team, Communications team, and Corporate Development team to develop and execute plans for programmatic shaping, contracting strategy, funding strategy, and partnership strategy leading to capture of future U.S. Army air defense opportunities. Including supporting the BLs for relevant foreign military sales and international work.
* Communicate Anduril’s value to customers, partners, competitors, and the interested public. Project the company’s ethos, conveying insights that illustrate our approach to building next-generation defense technology and our competitive edges in doing so.
* Foster a culture of trust, open communications, customer focus, innovation, and continuous improvement.
* Deliver on financial performance commitments and strategic market growth initiatives.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Minimum of 10 years of relevant operations, acquisition, program management, business development, and/or capture experience in the government and/or private sector engaged in joint military operations, special operations, fires, air defense, and/or related areas.
* High ownership and initiative. Comfortable with ambiguity and capable of succeeding in a fast-paced, dynamic, and creative environment. A good teammate who works well with others.
* Extensive knowledge of and experience working with Program Acquisition Executive Offices, Service and/or Joint Programs of Record, requirement owners, operating forces, industry partners, and/or other stakeholders to develop and field new warfighting capabilities.
* Demonstrated success leading acquisition, management, development, and/or capture of defense programs of record.
* Experience in the technical, programmatic, and operational challenges of developing, deploying, and sustaining complex technologies, software, and integrated weapons systems.
* Ability to identify, establish, and leverage key relationships with senior level officials and program stakeholders within the DoW and broader U.S. government.
* Understanding of and experience navigating the Defense Acquisition Process.
* Demonstrated performance leading cross-functional teams and managing organizational resources.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills with experience presenting to senior executives and customers.
* Must be willing to travel up to 50%.
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
