---
title: Executive Assistant
status: active
id: '5178492007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5178492007?gh_jid=5178492007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T00:58:09-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T00:58:09-04:00'
location: Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Operations : Administration : Administration'
offices:
- Seattle, WA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As an Executive Assistant at Anduril you will be responsible for keeping the train on the tracks. Your role is both internal and external and will require a high degree of attention to detail. You will interface with both internal Anduril leaders and employees and serve a critical point of contact for customers, vendors, and external executives. Your ability to keep things running and deconflict requests makes you an important part of the team's success.  
  
This is an Executive Assistant position where your mastery of calendar management becomes the linchpin of the daily operations! If you are an Executive Assistant that thrives in the satisfaction of making it all work and is master at time Tetris, then you will be a perfect fit for this role.   
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Calendar Management:

+ Provide comprehensive calendar support to 2-3 VP/GM level executives
+ Manage complex schedules and serve as a collaborative partner with the broader Anduril organization
+ Coordinate and manage internal and external meetings VPs/GMs are involved in
+ Plan executive domestic and international travel.

* Comms:

+ Serve as the primary point of contact for internal and external communications on behalf of the VPs in relation to meetings they are involved in
+ Possess the ability of reading between the lines of information received, and outputting comms to close the information gaps between key stakeholders
+ Navigate confidential communications with discretion and professionalism, while fully grasping the company’s polices and the executive’s perspectives and values

* Relationship Management:

+ Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with essential stakeholders across the organization
+ Grace under pressure, sound judgment, and flexibility in balancing competing priorities
+ Participate in administrative team, providing backup to other assistants
+ This role will may include some domestic travel

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* A minimum of 2 + years administrative experience supporting senior level executives in a corporate environment
* Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Approachable style and ability to effectively and professionally interface with high level executives, clients, employees and business associates both internal and external
* Strong organizational and time management skills. Proven experience in multi-tasking and working with multiple people and priorities, while delivering on high quality results and follow through
* Demonstrates curiosity and a desire to understand the company goals
* Experience supporting multiple executives
* Experience with domestic and international travel coordination.
* Proficient in scheduling meetings in multiple time zones
* Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven ability to handle confidential and sensitive information in a professional manner
* Problem solving and very strong analytical skill capabilities
* Experience in a fast-paced, high-tech company
* Excellent attention to detail and accuracy
* Experience with end-to-end project management
* Strong organizational and time management skills
* Success in this role is looking outside the box, ability to fill the gap between comms, flexibility
* Department of Defense contractor experience OR Tech Start-Up Experience preferred

US Hourly Range

$41.34—$54.80 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
