---
title: Senior Embedded Engineer, EW
status: active
id: '5178469007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5178469007?gh_jid=5178469007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T20:40:29-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T16:18:47-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : Electronic Warfare'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Electronic Warfare (EW) team is seeking experienced generalist embedded software engineers to build out the software ecosystem supporting a next-generation electronic warfare platform. As an Embedded software engineer, you’ll develop high-performance implementations of numerical algorithms, collaborate with digital systems engineers to enable maximum-performance interfaces between next-gen RF hardware and software, work with DSP and RFML engineers to rapidly deploy bleeding-edge capabilities to our customers, and collaborate with the wider software organization to deliver seamless integration of electronic warfare products with the Anduril Lattice system-of-systems suite. You will apply state-of-the-art software construction techniques to ensure the timely delivery of correct mission-critical code.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Work with digital systems engineers and systems programmers to develop high-performance hardware/software interfaces.
* Develop and maintain infrastructure and tools that enable DSP and RFML engineers to rapidly deploy algorithms and models to our assets.
* Develop high-performance implementations of numerical algorithms for generating, manipulating, and visualizing RF data.
* Develop correct, high-reliability software for controlling our electronic warfare assets, seamlessly integrated with the Anduril Lattice ecosystem.
* Utilize infrastructure providing deterministic builds and configuration management for deployment, guaranteeing software traceability and minimizing the maintenance burden of our products.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 7+ years professional experience in software engineering
* Experience (professional or in the setting of an open source community) working with typed functional programming languages (**Haskell** or Rust)
* Experience with software-defined digital radio systems
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with MATLAB, especially C code generation.
* Experience with Linux kernel module development
* Experience with FPGA development (Verilog, VHDL, etc.), especially Xilinx devices and tools.
* Experience with graphics programming (OpenGL, DirectX, Vulkan, etc.)
* Experience with Nix/NixOS

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
