---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Maritime
status: active
id: '5178254007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5178254007?gh_jid=5178254007
lastmod: '2026-07-09T10:20:08-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T10:20:08-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Mechanical Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

At Anduril, we are developing fully autonomous unmanned underwater vehicles that provide unmatched endurance, precision, and mission flexibility to our customers. These vehicles, such as Dive-XL and Copperhead, require Mechanical Engineers with broad experience to develop and analyze technical solutions in a fast-paced environment to enable programmatic success. The next **Mechanical Engineer** on our Maritime team must be able to rapidly design, develop, integrate, test, deliver, and evolve mechanical solutions for Anduril’s next generation undersea systems.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Support the full product lifecycle of designing, prototyping, manufacturing, integrating, testing, and delivering integrated electromechanical systems
* Navigate a dynamic solutions trade space that incorporates external constraints, evolving requirements, timeline considerations, and quality in a multi-stakeholder environment
* Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary integrated product team, providing a new perspective to teammates of various backgrounds and experiences
* Critically assess mechanical solutions for their value to the end user, cost and ease to manufacture, time to deliver, reliability, reusability across various product lines, and iterability
* Interact with end-users to deeply understand their needs and incorporate feedback into your technical solutions
* Travel to co-locate with end users, visit vendors, or support integration and test activities at test sites

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, Mechatronics, a relevant field, or equivalent experience
* 4-8 years of professional experience working as a Mechanical or Mechatronics Engineer on multiple different technologies
* Capacity to work holistically on complex robotic systems across design, implementation, operation and sustainment
* Capacity to act as the technical contributor for a complex subsystem, including stakeholder engagement, requirements definition, roadmap management, team co-ordination, design, implementation, sustainment and evolution
* Capacity learn and grow individually, building team cohesion and capacity
* Ability to travel up to 20%
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with the design, implementation and support of robotic and/or autonomous systems
* Experience working within the defense, maritime and/or aerospace domains
* Experience with Siemens NX, Nastran, and FEMAP
* Experience designing mechanisms, kinematic linkages, and actuator-driven assemblies.
* Demonstrated experience rapidly translating spoken designs and concepts into CAD prototypes
* Experience with machining, sheet metal, injection molding, composites and/or additive manufacturing
* Experience within the product delivery lifecycle including manufacturing, system acceptance, deployment, and sustainment
* Experience with designing or performing finite element analysis of complex structural assemblies, including aluminum and composite structures

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
