---
title: CNC Operator, 2nd Shift
status: active
id: '5179736007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5179736007?gh_jid=5179736007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:52:19-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T20:29:02-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a CNC Operator to execute high-precision machining operations and drive manufacturing excellence on our production floor in Morrisville,NC. This role will be on the Production team and partner across the engineering organization, quality organization, and assembly teams to build next-generation hardware.

This role will be dynamic and full of new engagement, challenges, and opportunities to bring the core elements of success for an aerospace machining program—complex machine setups, tight-tolerance machining of advanced materials, rigorous tool control and FOD prevention, in-process inspection, and machine maintenance. The role will also support the development and adoption of new advanced manufacturing processes. As Anduril grows, our machining capabilities and the scope of this role will grow too. If you are someone who has passion for the quality of their work, is hands-on with advanced CNC equipment, and wants to be accountable for hardware that matters, then this role is for you.  
  
**Please note the working hours for this role with be Monday - Friday from 3:00PM to 11:30PM.**

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Operating of CNC mills, lathes, multi-axis routers
* Interpreting CAD design models.
* Implement various work holding and fixture methods, including vacuum fixtures.
* Ability to troubleshoot issues and adjust during the manufacturing process.
* Perform measurement / GD&T inspections during the manufacturing process.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Full-time on site in Anduril’s Morrisville, NC facility
* 5+ years experience as a CNC operator
* 5+ years experience with fixture setups
* Clear understanding of G and M codes.
* High level of familiarity with multi-axis and 3D machining.
* Experience with CNC Lathes
* Experience with 3/4 axis vertical Mills.
* High level of tooling and fixture experience
* Ability to take ownership of entire manufacturing process from start to finish
* Ability to adapt between R&D and short production.
* Ability to multi-task.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 1+ year experience with Mastercam or similar CAM software
* Experience with Fanuc, Fagor, HAAS or Siemens control
* Familiarity with machining composites
* High level of GD&T knowledge.
* 3D printing experience

US Hourly Range

$29.01—$40.01 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
