---
title: Integration and Test Engineer, Maritime
status: active
id: '5179794007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5179794007?gh_jid=5179794007
lastmod: '2026-07-09T10:41:16-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T23:07:33-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Field Test Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Integration & Test Engineer to join our maritime team. You will work on a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. In this role you will be responsible for supporting the integration of various subsystems, leading the testing effort, and ensuring overall system performance meets the required specifications and standards. Join our dynamic team and help us build the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) that will redefine underwater operations.

### WHAT YOU'LL DO:

* Drive the development, review, and execution of comprehensive test plans for development, integration, acceptance testing
* Author and/or review detailed operational test reports to document the step-by-step execution of internal and customer facing efforts to test and evaluate the AUV platforms and new capabilities
* Participate in design reviews, requirements analysis, and system verification planning to ensure compliance with project goals and industry standard
* Build, support and maintain a test and evaluation program that may be subject to Government test & evaluation standards
* Support day-to-day test operations for our products platforms, or subassemblies, including conducting pre-mission testing, launch and recovery, vehicle tasking, and data analysis both internal and customer facing
* Support the integration process of various subsystems, including sensors, navigation, propulsion, communication systems, autonomy software, and power systems, into a complete and fully functional AUV
* Support hands-on troubleshooting, repair, operation, and maintenance of AUVs in the field
* Support pre-mission and post-mission logistics required to successfully execute test operations
* Work within a dynamic team of multidisciplinary engineers and specialists throughout the life of product design, integration, and test efforts
* Responsible for setting up, collecting and refining operational metrics
* Support local sea testing and operations, including multi-day offshore operations
* Support demonstration test events, including multi-week travel periods

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* A genuine interest and 5+ years experience in systems engineering, integration, and test
* Experience generating TRRs, Test Plans, Test Procedures, and Test Reports
* Familiarity with concepts of mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, and software development
* Experience in field test and operationally focused environments
* Knowledge of electronics troubleshooting and ability to use basic test equipment
* Experience with Linux and command line interfaces as well as software debugging
* Proficient in reading and understanding engineering drawings and specifications
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills (effective for broad audiences) - Able to present engineering findings to broad audiences.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a Top Secret Security Clearance
* Ability to travel 10% of your time, with potential over 25% during key test campaigns/surges

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

* Hands-on experience with software validation testing of embedded or autonomous systems, including test planning, procedure authoring, SITL/HITL execution, defect triage, and closeout against requirements
* Hands-on experience troubleshooting electrical systems, including fabricating cable harnesses and PCB-level assemblies
* Experience troubleshooting analog and digital circuits using oscilloscopes, DMMs, and logic analyzers to isolate faults down to the component level
* Experience operating and testing complex systems in a maritime environment
* Experience integrating subsea sensors, underwater navigation, and communication system
* Demonstrated experience with subsea operational procedures and equipment
* Experience data analysis tools: Python, MATLAB, R, SQL, PromQL
* Experience managing a test and evaluation program
* Experience in maritime offshore operations

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
