---
title: Senior Technical Sourcer, Hardware (Contract)
status: active
id: '5179170007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5179170007?gh_jid=5179170007
lastmod: '2026-07-02T12:00:51-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T12:00:51-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- 'People : Talent Acquisition : Recruiting'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (HQ)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
At Anduril, our recruiting team is the driving force behind building a world-class organization. We are passionate, innovative, and deeply committed to finding exceptional talent that fuels our mission. By collaborating with leaders across engineering, operations, and technology, we shape and execute hiring strategies that are as dynamic and forward-thinking as the company itself. Our team thrives in a fast-paced environment, setting the standard for excellence, creativity, and strategic talent acquisition—ensuring that every new hire contributes to Anduril's continued success.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We are seeking a Technical Recruiter to own and drive the full-cycle hiring strategy for our hardware teams within the Air Dominance and Strike division. Based in Costa Mesa, CA office you will operate independently as a subject matter expert, ensuring we recruit top-tier software talent and shape our long-term talent strategy.  
  
***This role will be hybrid onsite in Costa Mesa, CA. This role is open to contract only with eligibility to convert.***  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Operate Autonomously: Serve as a trusted talent advisor for complex hiring projects across the division.
* Develop and optimize recruiting strategies using prospecting techniques, tools, and automation to continuously improve candidate management and data extraction processes.
* Collaborate closely with the talent acquisition team, hiring managers, and senior leadership to shape recruitment strategy, guide process improvements, and drive high-impact, complex hiring projects.
* Advise on workforce planning through regular strategic updates and business reviews
* Act as a subject matter expert using tools like Greenhouse, LinkedIn Recruiter, Gem, and email to engage passive candidates and conduct initial interviews, ensuring high interview-to-offer ratios by anticipating hiring manager preferences.
* Build talent maps and leverage market intelligence to adapt hiring strategies in response to competitor movements and emerging trends
* Represent Anduril's brand internally and externally, using internal resources to effectively sell our value proposition.
* Influence and elevate recruitment best practices, ensuring a consistent and exceptional candidate experience while continually driving process efficiency and quality across high-stakes projects.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or a related field or equivalent professional experience.
* 7+ years of experience in talent acquisition, preferably in executive search and divisional hiring.
* Proven ability to convey complex information in simple terms and drive a data-driven narrative.
* Demonstrated leadership in ambiguous, fast-paced environments with a focus on strategic stakeholder alignment.
* Strong cross-functional collaboration skills and a track record of influencing organizational best practices.
* Deep knowledge of recruitment technology and a passion for innovating processes to achieve creative and effective TA goals.
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a DoD Security Clearance.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience in startups, tech, and relevant software domains (Autonomous Vehicles, Aerospace, Robotics, etc.)
* Ability to work independently with little supervision
* Flexible and solution-oriented in troubleshooting routine obstacles.
* Direct, succinct, and timely sharing of information, with strong active listening skills.
* True Ownership: Accountability for outcomes, with a commitment to improving all aspects of the business.
* Continuous Learner: Low ego, high curiosity; embraces candid feedback and uses setbacks as opportunities to iterate and excel.

US Hourly Range

$60—$75 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
