---
title: 'Senior Structural Analyst, Space '
status: active
id: '5179763007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5179763007?gh_jid=5179763007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T13:34:35-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T13:34:35-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering : Structural, Thermal Analysis'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested war-fighting domain.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Support new space hardware programs from concept through launch as a dedicated structural analyst.
* Quantify and document load cases and environments.
* Perform stress analysis to determine the strength, life, and safety margins using first order methods and more advanced analytical methods.
* Use first principles as a basis for every decision. Discern the right level of analysis to apply.
* Execute hand calculations, spreadsheet, and MATLAB/Python first-order models to inform path forward before jumping into detailed analysis.
* Develop appropriate computational models and simulations to predict dynamic environments, stress distribution, deformation, fracture, and fatigue life as needed to meet design schedules.
* Collaborate with other hardware engineering disciplines and guide design decisions based on analysis results.
* Prepare technical reports and present findings to internal teams, management, and external customers.
* Support the design, instrumentation selection, execution, and data processing of tests to validate models and predictions, including static, dynamic, shock, and fatigue tests. Lead trade studies and mass optimization efforts to improve designs. Correlate model to the test data.
* Stay current with advancements in stress analysis techniques, materials technology, and industry standards.
* Ensure compliance with internal and external customer requirements, regulations, and safety standards throughout the design and analysis process.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS or higher degree in engineering or applied physics with a focus in structures.
* Deep understanding of statics, dynamics, mechanics of materials, and materials properties.
* Experience with CAD tools (NX, Solidworks, etc.)
* Proficiency in MATLAB or Python for developing analytical models, data acquisition, and automation.
* Highly motivated, self-starting, and able to perform duties autonomously without supervision.
* Very organized and willing to establish scope and requirements for ill-defined problems.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* MS or higher degree in engineering or applied physics with a focus in structures.
* 7 + years of experience in a structures, dynamics, or loads related role with high ownership and accountability for hardware outcomes.
* Experienced using FEA software (ANSYS, Abaqus, NASTRAN) with a focus in NASTRAN solution sequences for linear and non-linear static, dynamic, and buckling analyses.
* Structural testing experience (static, dynamic, shock) including sensor selection, data acquisition, and data post-processing.
* Knowledge of industry standards for materials (e.g. MMPDS) and analysis and test methodologies (e.g. GSFC-STD-7000, NASA-HDBK-7002, NASA-STD-5020).
* Be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
