---
title: Stock Plan Administrator
status: active
id: '5180711007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180711007?gh_jid=5180711007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:51:02-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T18:20:16-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- 'Corporate Operations : Corporate Operations : Compensation'
offices:
- Remote
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Stock Administration team is a vital part of Anduril’s compensation structure and is the “hub” for everything equity related - bridging multiple internal teams (Legal, Finance, People, Tax) while ensuring the company stays compliant and employees understand & value their ownership stake.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Stock Plan Administrator to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA (remote/hybrid work will be considered for the right candidate). In this role, you will be responsible for managing the day-to-day administration of Anduril’s stock plan operations. You will ensure compliance with relevant tax and securities regulations, support internal stakeholders, and help prepare the company for future liquidity events such as Tender Offers and IPO. If you are someone who is detail oriented, a clear communicator, and able to collaborate cross-functionally both with internal and external stakeholders, then this role is for you.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage end-to-end administration of the company's stock option plans using Shareworks
* Maintain accurate and up-to-date equity records, including grants, exercises, cancellations, and transfers
* Assist in developing educational materials and presentations to help employees understand their equity
* Ensure compliance with internal policies, securities laws, IRS regulations (e.g., 409A), and tax reporting requirements (e.g., Form 3921, 83(b) elections)
* Support quarterly and year-end audits and financial reporting (ASC 718 and IFRS) related to equity
* Work closely with legal, finance, people, and executives to support compensation planning, fundraising events, and employee communications
* Evaluate and enhance tools, platforms, and workflows related to stock administration

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3-4+ years of relevant experience administering equity compensation plans
* Proficiency with equity administration platforms (e.g., Carta, Shareworks)
* Strong knowledge of ISO, NSO, RSU, 409A, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and related tax and legal frameworks
* Strong communication skills and ability to work with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience supporting a company through a secondary sale, tender offer, or IPO process
* Certified Equity Professional (or working towards) highly preferred
* Experience with RSU vesting/settlements and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Purchases
* Familiarity with international equity grants and compliance considerations

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
