---
title: Product Designer, ArsenalOS
status: active
id: '5180728007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180728007?gh_jid=5180728007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:51:02-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T16:57:48-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : ArsenalOS : Software Product & Design'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

ProductionOS, a team within [ArsenalOS](https://www.rebuildthearsenal.com/), is responsible for building software that accelerates the production and delivery of customer-ready hardware. Forge is our flagship product - it is an ever-evolving, home-grown software platform that facilitates the receipt, manufacturing, deployment and maintenance of Anduril hardware across the globe. Forge is a growing, vital piece of Anduril’s broader mission to deliver high-quality hardware with equally high throughput. We are looking for a looking for a Product Designer to elevate the immersion, efficiency, and consistency across the Forge user experiences that will enable Anduril’s mission.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**  
  
As a Product Designer for Forge, you’ll be responsible for designing end-to-end user experiences for the growing number of Forge applications. More tactically, you will:

* Contribute to roadmap shaping and decision-making for product and design strategy.
* Own all aspects of design execution from discovery, ideation, prototyping, testing, and implementation.
* Use storytelling to align and bring stakeholders along in your design process.
* Play an influential role in shaping the end-to-end experiences for critical manufacturing and onsite workflows.
* Balance short-term tactical bets while making meaningful progress towards long-term design system pursuits.
* Collaborate with the central Product Design team identifying opportunities to collaborate on shared best practices and learnings.
* Create scalable components for mobile, tablet, and desktop, considering the unique physical environments of manufacturing floors and high-rate production settings.
* Develop and mature the design system, focusing on creating reusable components that enhance consistency and efficiency across all platforms.
* Evangelize design decisions and create design tenets that evolve into strategic design work.
* Engage in on-site research, embracing the Gemba philosophy by visiting shop floors and work stations to gain firsthand understanding of user needs and environments.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 6+ years of software design experience.
* High attention to detail and mastery of visual & interaction design craft.
* Online portfolio demonstrating multimodal experiences.
* Ability to clearly articulate the why, process, and impact of your work.
* Must be able to travel up to 25% of the time.
* No prior defense experience necessary.
* Strong skills in visual design, interaction design with micro-interactions and animations.
* Proficiency in creating scalable components for various devices and environments.
* Experience in developing and implementing design systems.
* Comfort with on-site research and understanding of manufacturing and production environments.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Familiarity with the hardware-related industries, such as supply chain, manufacturing, or logistics.
* Advanced knowledge of visual design principles, including layout, color theory, typography, and Gestalt principles.
* Experience with design tools such as Figma, Sketch, or Adobe Creative Suite.
* Understanding of accessibility standards and their application in design.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
