---
title: Electrical Systems Engineer, C2 Integration
status: active
id: '5180570007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180570007?gh_jid=5180570007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T16:31:44-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T14:51:07-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Connected Warfare : Edge Compute & Communications Engineering : Architecture'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
At Anduril we are developing unmanned aerial systems capable of terminal guidance, long range intelligence collection, precision navigation, and unsupervised autonomy. Anvil, Altius, Ghost, and other developmental UAS platforms are built to operate in remote environments with limited user input, driving requirements for reliability and autonomy. We have developed an autonomy stack that receives user intent, responds to detections processed at the edge, and coordinates flight patterns for groups of assets. We are looking for systems engineers with experience in this field to help design and manage the next generation of Anduril’s flight vehicles. In order to be successful at Anduril, a systems engineer needs to be familiar with simulation and rapid prototyping development to drive complex electro-mechanical and aero-performance design trades, in addition to supporting the engineering product development, production, and sustainment through the entire product lifecycle.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Lead development for an end to end solution by collaborating with cross-functional teams to define requirements and system architecture.
* Design, develop, and maintain system components that meet functional and performance requirements in complex system environments
* Conduct thorough testing and debugging to ensure the reliability, scalability, and resilience of software applications, especially within a distributed systems context
* Work closely with hardware engineers and product managers to ensure seamless integration of software and hardware components
* Collaborate with the team to define and document software engineering processes and practices, ensuring adherence to quality standards and regulatory requirements

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 6+ years of post-grad industry experience, including but not limited to electrical engineering, aerospace engineering, or systems engineering
* A passion for systems design development, integration, and test
* Hands-on prototyping, troubleshooting, and build experience
* Experience developing automated test scrips and frameworks using a common language (eg. Python, MATLAB, etc)
* Extremely organized and detail-oriented
* Excellent verbal & written communication skills
* A sincere commitment to a positive, inclusive, and collaborative culture
* Must hold a U.S. Secret security clearance, or higher
* Ability to travel up to 25% as needed for test planning and execution
* \*Willing to spend the first six months on this job in Irvine, CA for hands on training in our HQ before returning to OH permanently.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Hands on experience with complex robotic systems
* Familiarity with IP-Based networks
* Experience with mission systems, including communications systems and components
* Familiarity with aviation airworthiness considerations

US Salary Range

$150,000—$180,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
