---
title: Manager, Subcontracts
status: active
id: '5180989007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180989007?gh_jid=5180989007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T02:26:10-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T02:26:10-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Supply Chain : Procurement'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Supply Chain team has a valuable impact for Anduril's business and mission, responsible for supporting and scaling our production and business growth. The Manager, Subcontracts drives the major subcontractor developments for Anduril's current and future programs by collaborating with engineering, quality, manufacturing, legal, and suppliers to ensure complex negotiations and proposals are navigated to success. This will require a breadth of understanding of both supply chain and government acquisition practices, especially FAR/DFARs compliance, the ability to work across teams seamlessly, and having extreme ownership. This unique role will have the Subcontracts Administrator working across every division at Anduril and the underlying business lines giving a look at all aspects of Anduril’s offerings.  
  
Anduril fosters a diverse, collaborative, culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership and professional growth. We are a fast-growing company shaping the future of defense technology and you will have impactful ownership of critical projects that have high visibility and influence on the Procurement team's trajectory.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead and manage a team of supply chain professionals, providing guidance, training, and support. Hire world class talent to continue the rapid expansion of the existing team.
* Source for subcontracts, manage proposal evaluation, negotiation, award, execution, administration and closeout phases
* Work cross functionally with program management, technical, legal, proposal teams, contract managers, and procurement teams to lead subcontracts from end-to-end
* Work cross functionally with program management, technical, legal, and procurement teams to develop a Supplier Statement of Work (SOW)
* Manage SOW content and Subcontract Data Requirements Lists (SDRL)s to be consistent with the negotiated subcontract technical scope
* Monitor the performance of the subcontractor, perform product acceptance, support source selection for managing suppliers, and review of subcontractor documents/deliverables
* Lead subcontract proposal and award process. Review subcontractor’s proposal and negotiate price, terms, deliverables, and dates while generating required FAR/DFARs documentation.
* Conduct subcontract technical reviews
* Perform cost and schedule variance investigations
* Monitor and manage key subcontractor processes
* Identify proposed changes in subcontract technical scope to the subcontractor
* Lead, streamline and grow Anduril’s subcontracting process
* Ensure subcontract compliance with Government requirements

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor degree in law, accounting and finance, or related compliance field
* 5+ years of experience in multi-discipline programs managing high complexity, full-life cycle subcontracts
* 1+ year experience in a leadership position
* Experience with FAR/DFAR, CAS, and ITAR compliance
* Ability to travel up to 30%
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Costa Mesa, CA
* Ability to to be eligible for a U.S. secret clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* MBA or Master’s degree in supply chain, engineering, or related technical field
* Active U.S TS clearance
* Previous experience in defense, aerospace, automotive, high tech, or another related industry
* Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization
* Proven leadership in driving and influencing large teams toward common goals
* Strong team player who can adapt to different roles to support team progress, including individual contributor tasks while managing a small team
* Strong understanding of government contracts and cost accounting standards
* Strong understanding of Earned Value Management (EVM) principles
* Experience evaluating subcontractor performance and deliverables
* Advanced sourcing activities, including stints as commodity/sourcing managers
* Experience developing high-tech products in a high-mix/complexity, low-volume environment
* Self-starter with a bias toward action and problem solving
* Exposure working in a fast-pace, start-up environment

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
