---
title: Manufacturing Engineer, Fury
status: active
id: '5180868007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180868007?gh_jid=5180868007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T11:32:40-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T09:55:52-04:00'
location: Morrisville, North Carolina, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Aerostructures Production : Aerostructures Production'
offices:
- Morrisville, NC
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Manufacturing team is seeking a Manufacturing Engineer to join our team to support Anduril Composites branch in North Carolina. This Manufacturing Team is responsible for manufacturing prototypes as well executing in a production environment. This role encompasses everything in a production manufacturing value-chain, including, but not limited to, MBOM Management, Work Instruction creation, Design for Manufacturability work, work cell optimization, tool design & selection, process creation & optimization, vendor sourcing & interaction, quality planning, and work documentation associated with the composite and metallic structures.  
  
The right person for this role can demonstrate experience in composite and metallic structural assembly in a fast paced environment in a LRIP and FRP environment. This person will also demonstrate the ability to work across multiple functions (Manufacturing Operations, Design, Quality, Leadership, Supply Chain, etc) to achieve a successful manufacturing approach, flow, and build.

#### **WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Develop process flows, breaking down large, complex assemblies into a logical part flow of subassemblies and sub-processes
* Write manufacturing documentation, such as work instructions, MBOMs, quality plans, inspection requirements, non-conformances, while also completing said work instructions, quality plans, and inspections alongside a team of technicians and inspectors
* Work as a conduit between the engineering technical data packages and the technicians to ensure products are manufactured as designed/analyzed
* Solve manufacturing problems in schedule-driven environment under the constraints of detailed specifications and requirements to achieve the needed quality, while delivering on schedule
* Drive work cell design and optimization to ensure quality and efficiency targets are maintained and managed
* Work with the Program Managers to inform critical decision points to ensure on-time delivery
* Drive RCCAs alongside the quality team to eliminate production blockers and recurring issues
* Help form and track Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) in a production environment
* Create detailed simulation models to help inform capacity planning and production line balancing

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in an engineering or technology related field
* 3+ years of experience in a relevant field, preferably manufacturing of airframe structural components and/or assemblies in a production environment
* A genuine interest in manufacturing and thirst for learning
* Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings including GD&T
* Proficiency in CAD/CAM software (NX preferred)
* Experience with MS Office and/or project management software skills
* Demonstrated in-kind or direct team leadership skills, with backing examples
* Ability to relocate, if not already local to be onsite in Morrisville, NC.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret clearance

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience supporting aerospace, defense, automotive, and/or energetics facilities in a production environment
* Experience working within a AS9100 accredited manufacturing facility (or similar accreditation)
* Experience in Plant Simulation (Seimens product)
* Proficiency in TeamCenter for digital manufacturing processes
* Composite and metallic manufacturing processes (autoclave processing, autofeed drilling, etc)
* Understanding of a FSDA approach to manufacturing
* Understanding of CNC Machining operation and limitations – 5-axis routers, lathes, mills, etc

US Salary Range

$89,000—$120,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
