---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer, Maritime
status: active
id: '5180794007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180794007?gh_jid=5180794007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T19:44:20-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T16:39:38-04:00'
location: Quincy, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maritime Enabling Technology'
offices:
- Quincy, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Maritime Division has assembled a diverse team of experts in software, robotics, artificial intelligence, sensor fusion, and data analysis to create software and hardware solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of our customers. We are fielding the next generation of autonomous systems to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of maritime operations. Anduril has brought to market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth underwater vessel platform and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "small" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on billion-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
We are continuing to expand our product portfolio, now moving into the surface maritime domain. Products like Dive-XL, Dive-LD, Copperhead, Seabed Sentry, and surface products in the pipeline will create a system-of-systems that enable a multitude of autonomous missions across all maritime domains. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact and working on systems that directly contribute to achieving national strategic priorities, we want you to join Anduril’s Maritime Division and help us build the future of defense capability.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Electrical Engineer to join our Maritime team. You will work closely with the program leadership and a wide spectrum of cross-departments as part of a team focused on solving hard problems and changing the industry forever. In this role you will be responsible for designing and supporting the integration of various subsystems, supporting testing efforts, and ensuring overall system performance meets the required specifications and standards. Join our dynamic team and help us build the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) that will redefine underwater operations.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Full cycle PCB design including collecting requirements, schematic design, component selection, supervision or completion of layout, bring-up, test, debug and system integration
* Troubleshoot issues that span the electrical and software boundaries, with solid skills using both lab equipment (Oscilloscopes, DMM, etc.) and basic software debugging tools
* Development of payloads and subsystems (sensors, payload interfaces, power management, and networking)
* Develop system interconnect diagrams and define wire harnesses that connect electronic equipment within a subsystem
* Work closely with other electrical, mechanical, software, firmware, and test engineers to deliver fully functional products
* Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments and customer operated hardware
* Conduct peer-level and cross-discipline design reviews
* Design and support the integration & testing of an AUV system through TRLs 3-8.
* Conduct vehicle platform system design & analysis as required by your supported program or effort
* Conduct design reviews, perform requirements analysis, and plan system verification to ensure compliance with project goals and industry standards
* Work within a dynamic team of multidisciplinary engineers and specialists throughout the life of product design, integration, and test effort

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 7+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting complex board designs
* Self starter that is comfortable working independently in a geographically but distributed team
* Broad practical skill set spanning electrical, electromechanical, software
* Experience with rapid prototyping, and system integration
* Knowledge of modern analog and digital electronics and electronic circuits.
* Competence with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, thermal chambers, current-probes, and automation of tests.
* Familiarity with standard interfaces such as Ethernet, CAN, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, etc.
* Familiarity with common MCU, CPU, FPGA devices and technologies.
* Familiarity with software development processes and tools such as git, Github, JIRA, etc
* Comfortable with a variety of electronic CAD tools (Altium preferred, Eagle and others acceptable)
* Experience in design for signal integrity / power integrity
* Experience with radio communication systems
* Experience in fieldable system design
* Comfortable in conducting worst case circuit or uncertainty analysis
* High-ownership and a bias toward action – if you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Ability to travel; depending on phase of the life cycle with surges up to 25%

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with acoustic communication systems
* Experience in designing and integrating high power electronics
* Experience with high reliability systems
* Experience with battery systems and ability to support alternate battery systems design
* Experience designing electrical and power systems for autonomous underwater vehicles.
* Experience with battery systems both primary and secondary chemistries
* Understanding of MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-810G

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
