---
title: Lead, Accounts Payable
status: active
id: '5180695007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5180695007?gh_jid=5180695007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T20:52:19-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T17:52:24-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Accounting : Accounting'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-11)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Accounts Payable Operations Lead serves as a key operational partner to Accounts Payable leadership, supporting daily AP transactional operations, supplier onboarding, payment processing, reporting and continuous improvement initiatives. This role acts as the first point of contact for escalated AP inquiries and works closely with AP Supervisors, and managing communications between Procurement, Treasury and Accounting to ensure efficient and compliant daily processing of invoices and payments.

### ABOUT THE JOB

This position does not have direct reports but serves as a senior resource within the AP organization and provides operational guidance and support across the team. (They would be a natural successor for an AP Supervisor position because they gain visibility into every aspect of the operation without initially managing people.)

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Operational Support
  + Update daily invoice intake for tracking purposes.
  + Identify processing bottlenecks for specific suppliers/invoices and partners with AP Supervisors to drive resolution.
  + Review and approve supplier setup requests in accordance with company policies and internal controls.
  + Ensure supplier records are complete and accurate.
* Payment Administration
  + Prepare, perform review, and submit ACH payment requests for Sr. AP Manager approval.
  + Process and coordinate domestic and international wire payments for Sr. AP Manager approval.
  + Post manual payment transactions within Oracle Fusion.
  + Research and resolve ACH rejections, payment failures, and banking exceptions.
  + Coordinate with Treasury and suppliers regarding payment-related issues.
* Reporting and Analytics
  + Generate daily, weekly and monthly AP operational reports.
  + Distribute KPI dashboards for AP Supervisors and leadership to drive processing and for Sr. AP Manager, to monitor trends and productivity metrics.
  + Support AP Aging cleanup initiatives and assist with identifying root causes of outstanding liabilities.
* AP Support & Escalation Management
  + Serve as the primary responder for AP related Slack requests and inquiries.
  + Triage issues and route escalations to AP Supervisors as appropriate.
  + Escalate complex operational issues to AP leadership when necessary.
* Process Improvement
  + Assist Sr. AP Manager with Oracle Fusion enhancements, testing, and implementation activities.
  + Support special projects, strategic AP initiatives, and audit requests.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of Accounts Payables experience
* Strong understanding of full cycle AP processing, supplier management, ACH and wire payment
* Experience working within a large ERP environment, preferably Oracle Fusion
* Advanced Excel skills including Pivot Tables and V/XLOOKUP
* Strong problem-solving skills
* Excellent communication and customer service skills
* Ability to prioritize multiple competing requests in a fast-paced environment
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Aerospace, manufacturing, defense, or high-growth company experience
* SOX or Government environment
* Experience creating KPI dashboards, and operational reporting
* Knowledge of AP controls, supplier onboarding, 1099 reporting and payment fraud prevention
* Experience supporting process improvement and automation initiatives

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
