---
title: ' Early Career Product Operations Rotation Program '
status: active
id: '5181983007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5181983007?gh_jid=5181983007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T18:39:19-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T18:39:19-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Mission Readiness'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**Company Overview**  
Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense.  
  
**T****eam Overview**  
The Air Defense team builds robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of UAS threats. Working across product, engineering, business development, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems in challenging operational environments worldwide.  
  
**Role Specifics**  
As a Product Operations Technical Specialist on the Air Defense team, your mission is to do whatever it takes to maintain the health of our deployed Air Defense technology. You will be responsible for identifying, triaging, escalating, and managing resolution of all incidents across our deployed fleet of systems. Your analysis of incident- and sustainment-related data, identification of trends, and development of appropriate recommendations will inform decision-making by various cross-functional stakeholders across mission operations, program management, engineering, and sustainment. If you enjoy cross-functional problem-solving and are passionate about supporting national security priorities through cutting-edge technology, our team is interested in speaking with you.  
  
**What You’ll Do**

* **Rotate** through three key teams over 24 months (~8 months each)
* **Incident Resolution:** Identify, triage, troubleshoot, and, as necessary, escalate incidents affecting health and performance of deployed air defense assets to expeditious resolution.
* **Root Cause Analysis:** Initiate root cause analysis of specific incidents and produce trend analyses of aggregated incident data to facilitate follow-on investigation and root cause corrective action (RCCA) by product engineering teams.
* **Data Analysis & Decision Support:** Identify, record, analyze, and communicate data and trends relevant to the health and performance of assets to facilitate decision-making by cross-functional stakeholders across mission operations, technical operations, deployment operations, and product engineering teams.
* **Fleet Sustainment:** Collaborate with various cross-functional teams to continuously sustain and modernize our fleet of deployed systems through proactive hardware and software maintenance and upgrades.
* **Project Management:** Execute project work focused on enhancing the scalability of our fleet sustainment processes and infrastructure.

**R****equired Qualifications**

* Self-starter with a record of high achievement in multiple domains
* Ability to communicate and coordinate technical and non-technical efforts across various business, engineering, and sustainment functions, influencing decision-making, resource allocation, and operational planning
* Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance
* Willingness to work non-standard hours and weekends as needed
* Bachelors degree in a STEM field and/or previous technical work experience
* Experience with Linux Command Line Interface (CLI)
* 1-2 years of experience in any or several of the following sectors: government agency, military, defense, consulting, manufacturing

US Salary Range

$68,000—$92,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
