---
title: 'Senior Full-Stack Engineer, Maritime App '
status: active
id: '5181639007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5181639007?gh_jid=5181639007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T14:30:23-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T14:30:23-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'Software : Software Platform '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Maritime App team builds the full-stack web application (part of Lattice OS) used to control all of Anduril’s Maritime products (Dive-LD, Dive-XL, Copperhead, Seabed Sentry, ASV, and more) from nodes in the cloud and laptops in the field. We bring together all the advanced tech from Anduril’s Software Platform into a hardened Maritime-focused software stack that’s shipped along with our autonomous maritime robots. We’re a full-stack web application team building a slick, modern, map-focused React frontend with a Go backend. We leverage Anduril’s proprietary mesh networking and distributed storage tech to keep Lattice working smoothly even in extreme network conditions (there’s no wifi underwater).

#### ABOUT THE JOB

We’re looking for an experienced frontend/full-stack engineer to shape the future of our web app architecture and infrastructure. Lattice for Maritime is only a couple years old and has a lot of exciting capabilities to build over the coming years! You will lead us in continuously evolving our architecture and best practices to ensure your teammates can continue to build performant and reliable features efficiently. This role requires a solid foundation in web technologies, managing large React codebases, optimizing runtime and build performance, and optimizing communication with the backend.  
  
If you're a collaborative problem-solver who finds satisfaction in creating tools that amplify the effectiveness of other engineers, we want to talk to you.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Design and implement architectural patterns, tools, and best practices for building components, pages, services, and apps
* Proactively identify pain points and opportunities to improve our dev experience and infrastructure
* Work across the stack (front-end, back-end, build, CI/CD) to get things done
* Support and mentor fellow engineers on engineering best practices, and on how to best use our tools
* Lead the creation of net-new apps and/or break our app down into more focused experiences
* Harden our component library to work more seamlessly with our design system
* Evolve our use of libraries (e.g. for mapping, charting, logging) to increase performance, maintainability, and usefulness. And make them really really ridiculously good looking.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent industry experience
* Experience building production web applications in JavaScript or TypeScript (we use TypeScript and React)
* Experience designing architectural patterns, tooling, or best practices, and leading engineering teams in adopting them
* Experience effectively integrating tools and libraries (build systems, component libraries, testing frameworks, monitoring) into frontend codebases and CI/CD pipelines
* Familiarity with modern backend programming languages such as Go, C++, or Rust.
* High empathy for your fellow engineers and users
* Minimum 5 years of software engineering experience
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Have a bias for action and taking ownership. You have a track record of solving a problem if you see one.
* Experience maintaining continuous integration systems (we use CircleCI)
* Experience or interest working in monorepos with modern build systems
* Experience or interest working in Go
* Experience with gRPC/protobuf or similar technologies
* Experience with NixOS
* Experience designing effective/reliable use of AI agents to augment software development teams

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
