---
title: Facilities Technician
status: active
id: '5181916007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5181916007?gh_jid=5181916007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T11:50:48-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T11:50:48-04:00'
location: McHenry, Mississippi, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- McHenry, MS
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Facilities team is seeking a Facilities Technician to join our team. The Facilities Operations team is responsible for maintaining and optimizing the facility to ensure operational continuity, safety, and efficiency and reports through the Director of Facilities. Duties include running routine safety inspections, partnering with contractors, planning maintenance work, and maintaining records. 

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Facilities Maintenance Technician you will be responsible for performing routine building maintenance tasks and ensuring that all facilities are in good working condition.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Inspections and Assessments:

  + Regularly inspect building structures to assess their condition and identify necessary repairs.
  + Perform scheduled preventive maintenance checks on all building systems, including HVAC, electrical, and plumbing.
  + Assess and monitor the performance of machinery and equipment.

  Repair and Maintenance Work:

  + Troubleshoot and repair malfunctioning equipment and systems, such as fixing leaks, unclogging drains, and replacing faulty wiring.
  + Carry out minor carpentry, such as repairing furniture, fixing door hinges, and patching walls.
  + Perform routine painting tasks to maintain the aesthetic appearance of the facility.

  Systems Maintenance:

  + Ensure heating and air conditioning systems are functioning properly and efficiently.
  + Maintain electrical systems by replacing worn parts and updating outdated components.
  + Oversee the operation and repair of plumbing systems, including water fixtures and sewage lines.

  Compliance and Standards:

  + Ensure that all maintenance activities adhere to relevant health and safety standards.
  + Keep up to date with building codes and regulations, ensuring that the facility remains compliant.
  + Implement energy-saving measures and practices within the facility.

  Contractor Coordination:

  + Work with external contractors for specialized repairs and maintenance tasks that are beyond internal capabilities.
  + Monitor the quality of contractor work and provide feedback on their performance.

  Emergency Response:

  + Be prepared to respond to emergency calls related to facility maintenance, sometimes outside of normal working hours.
  + Prioritize and address emergency issues promptly to minimize downtime and hazards.

  Record Keeping:

  + Document all inspections, maintenance, and repair work.
  + Keep accurate records of maintenance schedules, inventory levels, and equipment life cycles.

  Safety Practices:

  + Follow and enforce strict safety guidelines and building codes to ensure a safe environment for all occupants.
  + Participate in safety training and stay current with the latest best practices for facility maintenance.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* High school diploma or equivalent; trade school certification is a plus.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities
* 3-5 years’ experience in facilities maintenance or a related field.
* Knowledge of plumbing, electrical, and general construction.
* HVAC certification is highly recommended.
* Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
* Good communication skills.
* Physical ability to lift heavy objects and work in various conditions.
* Willingness to be on-call for emergencies outside of normal working hours.
* Ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects throughout the work day.

US Salary Range

$46,000—$61,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
