---
title: Sr. Contract to Order Specialist
status: active
id: '5181845007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5181845007?gh_jid=5181845007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T19:44:20-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T17:32:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Finance & Accounting : Finance : Finance'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The order management team acts as a bridge and a connecting layer from contract award to execution of all contractual deliverables. We work cross-functionally with multiple stakeholders including key teams such as; Proposals, BD/Growth, Program Management, FP&A, Technical Revenue Accounting, Demand Planning and Deployment Operations.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for an Order to Cash Analyst to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, California. In this role, you will be responsible for end-to-end operational and financial lifecycle of a contract. You will work cross functionality to ensure all parties are informed and operate within standards and process. This will require strong business acumen, project management, a robust financial background and an understanding of government contracting. If you are an excellent problem-solver with strong emotional intelligence/resilience, level-headed and are detailed oriented within an extremely fast-paced environment then this role is for you!

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Operationally will own the management of contracts from inception to when they are closed

+ Creating and setting up respective projects and contracts in Oracle Fusion
+ Working with key stakeholders ensuring the information entered in the system is correct and is operatable
+ Creating Sales Orders in accordance with the Program Managers and Deployment Operations to deliver items to the customer for the respective contracts
+ Working with Program managers and the billing team to set-up billing and invoicing schedules to ensure proper and smooth execution

* Manage and own the data for the Financial Operations Team

+ Maintain a dashboard of all current and future contracts, required action items, items pending
+ Develop and maintain dashboards that connect across all functions, contracts, projects, sales order and billing/invoicing.

* Ensure there is proper documentation and communication for all aspects of contract/project/sales order creation for audit readiness.
* Ability to take on special projects to enhance the financial operations team’s effectiveness and ability to aid the business
* Work closely with leadership improve processes and part take in implementations and testing
* Lead SOC and IPO readiness for the order management team
* Responsible for Audit readiness and improvements for the entire order management process

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4-5+ years of experience working in operations, finance, contracts, consulting
* Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in Finance/Business/Accounting/Econ (but not required)
* Preferred to have government contracting/consulting experience
* Ability to operate independently in a fast-paced environment
* Strong communication skills with large groups
* High degree of accuracy and attention to detail
* Ability to work with multifunctional groups to improve complex processes.
* Must be authorized to work in the United States

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Oracle Fusion or On-Prem Experience
* Foundry experience
* Strong excel, data visualization and macro experience
* Ability to understand code and use scripts

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
