---
title: Project Controls Lead
status: active
id: '5182729007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5182729007?gh_jid=5182729007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T15:58:57-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T15:58:57-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Core Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Design & Construction team at Anduril delivers the factories, labs, offices, and secure spaces that enable our teams to design, build, and deploy advanced defense technology. Our projects span high-performance manufacturing facilities, mission-critical secure environments, and collaborative workspaces, giving our team exposure to a uniquely wide variety of technical and operational challenges.  
  
More than just delivering buildings, we are (literally) rebuilding the American defense industrial base. Our work directly accelerates how quickly critical technology moves from concept to production and into the hands of the warfighter.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Capital Operations team at Anduril sits within the broader Design & Construction organization at Anduril. We are responsible for providing the critical support needed to bring our various cutting-edge factories, offices, and secure spaces to life. We do so by creating, maintaining, and executing key operational process, analytics, and tools. All the while, we are collaborating with a variety of stakeholders involved in shaping the built environment needed to enable Anduril’s mission (construction managers, architects, industrial engineers, real estate planners, finance analysts, and many more). But, first and foremost, we deeply listen to what our Division Leaders need. Whether it is autonomous submarines, robot fighter jets, or AR headsets, we stay close to our end users to ensure we’re fueling their success.  
  
We are looking for a tenured Project Controls Lead who can collaborate with our Strategic Real Estate team and various executives to plan capital projects and set them up for success.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Construction Financials

+ Take a leading role in establishing our cost category structure / WBS to utilize across all construction projects.
+ Establish and implement best practices for cost forecasting (cash flow, cost accruals, etc.). Build templates and train Construction PMs as needed.
+ Spearhead our capital budget approval process for projects of all sizes - from megaprojects to small renovations - in a complex, multi-stakeholder environment.
+ Collaborate with Corporate Finance for monthly, quarterly, and annual capex planning.
+ Own and evolve Anduril’s Historical Cost Database so that it is useful to (1) generate future cost estimates and (2) benchmark construction cost performance over time

* Governance & Process Development

+ Design and implement project approval processes (scope, cost, schedule) - including developing supporting documentation and training project management team on use. Advise on budget and schedule modification processes
+ Build comprehensive Change Order Management systems to consistently track and memorialize change order decisions across the portfolio
+ Create templates and guidelines for project charters defining roles and responsibilities

* Supply Chain Management:

+ Establish pre-qualification process for new consultants and suppliers.
+ Work closely with our Procurement team for strategic sourcing opportunities.

* Project Reporting:

+ Develop templatized financial reporting materials compatible with new governance and cost control measures, including summary views for various audiences (Executives, internal stakeholders, others)
+ Create templates for both asynchronous executive communication and live presentation materials (PowerPoints, Excels). Establish KPIs for individual projects and the Design & Construction team as a whole
+ Create templates and SOPs for CPM Schedule creation using industry-standard tools (Primavera P6, Microsoft Project, Smartsheet, etc.).
+ Develop Cost-Loaded Schedules for individual projects as needed.

* Other:

+ Oversight of our Project Management Office (PMO) staff (external consultants), cultivating a well defined, rigorous, and transparent performance management rhythm.
+ Occasional set up of Project Management Information System (PMIS) for new projects.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 7 years of progressive experience in construction management or project controls.
* Excel proficiency: You can work quickly, you’re organized, and you build models that others can easily and intuitively pick up.
* PowerPoint proficiency: You are a world-class storyteller and can distill complex data into simple slides that are digestible by executives.
* You can elegantly and concisely communicate with executives.
* Willingness to travel at 10% of the time (international travel included).
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in Corporate Construction Management or as an Owner’s Representative.
* Experience with advanced manufacturing-related projects
* Education: Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, or a related field.

US Salary Range

$143,000—$191,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
