---
title: Process Engineer
status: active
id: '5182371007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5182371007?gh_jid=5182371007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T11:17:55-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T11:17:55-04:00'
location: Hudson, New Hampshire, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering'
offices:
- ' Hudson, NH'
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril AIRS provides high-performance cooled infrared imaging solutions, encompassing IDCAs, modules, and cameras. We achieve this through state-of-the-art technologies, advanced designs, and vertically integrated manufacturing processes. Our core strength lies in delivering customized, mission-critical imaging capabilities to system integrators and instrumentation manufacturers facing unique, challenging, and complex thermal imaging needs.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* **Develop and Optimize IDCA Manufacturing Processes:** Lead the full lifecycle of manufacturing process design, documentation, and continuous improvement for IDCAs, ensuring high quality and efficiency.
* **Drive Production Capacity Growth:** Strategize and implement initiatives to achieve a significant increase in production capacity.
* **Innovate with Automation & Control Systems:** Design and deploy new equipment, automation solutions, data collection, and process control systems to enhance quality, reduce cycle time, and expand test coverage.
* **Ensure Operational Excellence & Uptime:** Develop and manage comprehensive Preventive Maintenance (PM) and equipment spares procedures to maximize equipment uptime and overall operational efficiency.
* **Lead New Equipment Integration:** Oversee the specification, sourcing, installation, and qualification of new process equipment.
* **Support New Product & Program Launches:** Provide critical design feedback for new IDCA products and lead the qualification of new designs and processes for program introductions.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Degree in a technical field such as mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, systems engineering, math, or a hard science.
* 5+ years of Operations experience in these areas: Process Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or in design of electromechanical hardware.
* Professional experience in high vacuum systems and or the cooled thermal imaging industry, specifically with Dewars and Coolers.
* Proven track record of yield and process improvement, ideally supported by a Six Sigma Black Belt certification or equivalent.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
