---
title: Production Supervisor
status: active
id: '5182606007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5182606007?gh_jid=5182606007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T16:51:49-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T15:52:36-04:00'
location: Ashville, Ohio, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Manufacturing Operations'
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

#### ABOUT THE SITE

Anduril, a leader in autonomous systems and weapons manufacturing, is building [Arsenal-1](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1), its first hyper-scale manufacturing facility, just south of Columbus, Ohio in Pickaway County. Arsenal-1 is redefining the scale and speed that autonomous systems and weapons can be produced for the United States and its allies and partners. This is a monumental and essential step toward rebuilding America’s defense industrial base, strengthening America’s warfighting capabilities, and enhancing deterrence amid rising international threats.

#### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking a Production Supervisor to join our manufacturing team at [**Arsenal-1**](https://www.anduril.com/arsenal-1). You will work on cutting-edge technology aimed at advancing the state-of-the-possible. The Production Supervisor will be responsible for managing a team of highly talented technicians to produce a number of different products for strategic military and commercial customers. This is a highly dynamic role that requires both frontline technical and people management skills.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Manage technician staff in the production and delivery of Anduril products through acceptance testing and delivery
* Set priorities and direct daily operations to include timely issuing and completion of work orders to the production floor, clear blockers daily for the production team to achieve their goals
* Ensure all operators are following safety procedures and standard work tasks. Proactively identify and drive safety improvement opportunities
* Prioritize work activities for operators to achieve target on time delivery goals
* Be an active participant in 5S and continuous improvement activities
* Complete transactions in production systems (NetSuite / JIRA) on daily basis
* Maintain accurate inventory levels in each work area
* Provide weekly report out of production progress, blockers, risks, needs
* Provide support to other functional groups within Anduril
* Lead daily communication with cross functional team such as engineering, technicians, supply chain, logistics, and quality as necessary
* Ability to work on the line and support new operator training as required
* Build a positive and collaborative team culture that promotes product knowledge, skills development, and X-training
* Show up every day with extreme urgency and enthusiasm to get the job done
* Execute on priorities and production plans provided by operation management
* Manage, coach, mentor and support up to 30 production associates on shift
* Execute and maintain standardized manufacturing instructions and control plans
* Support issue resolution including root cause investigation and corrective action tracking
* Ensure quality standards are being met throughout the entire production process and support no defects from leaving a station or team area
* Generate daily pass downs and quality reports for engineering and operations team

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3+ years managing or supervising teams in a high volume production environment
* Demonstrated knowledge and experience working in a manufacturing environment
* Strong understanding of production rate, critical path analysis, and key manufacturing fundamentals
* A full understanding of the product life cycle (NPI to scaled production), LEAN manufacturing principals, and change management (ECOs)
* Can interpret technical documentation (mechanical drawings, work instructions, building plans, equipment specs, electrical schematics, etc.)
* Willing to work on hardware hands on as needed by production
* Experience being hands-on and prefer to be on the production floor and have proven skills in both process and equipment troubleshooting, allowing you to easily adapt to constantly changing production environments
* Passion for employee development and enjoy the process of training and developing both new hires and veteran production staff
* Experience supporting process development
* Experience supporting equipment maintenance
* Knowledge of 5S, lean manufacturing or 6-Sigma principles
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Proficient with MS office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project)
* Experience working with ERP and MES systems
* Extremely reliable, organized and detail-oriented with excellent verbal & written communication skills
* Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Top Secret Security Clearance
* U.S. Citizen Required

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (engineering, business, or applied science.)
* Lean six sigma green belt certified
* Working knowledge of AS9100 standards and OSHA laws
* Experience working with electrical and mechanical assembly and integration
* Forklift and 3A Hoisting certification a plus
* Experience in ramping low volume manufacturing to high rate
* Extensive hiring and organizational design experience

US Salary Range

$74,000—$99,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
