---
title: Manager, Product Quality Engineering, Dive-XL
status: active
id: '5183569007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5183569007?gh_jid=5183569007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T07:28:51-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T07:28:51-04:00'
location: Quonset, Rhode Island, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Undersea Dominance - Production : Quality Engineering'
offices:
- Quonset, RI
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
  
Anduril is fielding the next generation of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands of seabed exploration. Anduril has brought to the market a unique, ultra-long-range, full-ocean-depth platform, and a completely refreshed maritime vehicle and flexible manufacturing architecture that scales from "large" to "extra-large" vehicle sizes. Today, Anduril is executing on multi-million-dollar contracts while simultaneously performing Robot-as-a-Service (RaaS) AUV operations.  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
We are looking for a Manager, Product Quality Engineering to join our rapidly growing team in Quonset, RI. The Quality team works with our customers, internal teams, and suppliers to ensure the deployment of reliable products that meet all mission requirements. We develop cutting-edge Quality processes and methods to secure scalable, long-term business success.  
  
As the manager of the Quality function for Maritime's Dive-XL, you will work inside and outside the organization to develop strategies, define and execute plans, and implement processes that deliver reliable products. The right person for this role has knowledge of manufacturing, product development, and continuous improvement. If you are someone who loves to build world-class Quality processes, develop teams, and be accountable for results, then this role is for you.  
  
*Please note: This role requires international travel to Australia for 1 month for onboarding for knowledge transfer and training; this can be broken up in* *2 week* *increments.*  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Partner with the manufacturing engineering, production, and development engineers to support the quality of the integration process for components such as underwater sensors/equipment, PCBAs, cables, wiring harness, actuators, machined parts and structures, etc.
* Define internal and external audit plan(s) and inspection plan(s) to ensure compliance with quality standards.
* Partner with development engineers to create, define, develop, and implement inspection systems.
* Work cross-functionally to define and execute the product build and inspection requirements to meet our customer quality requirements.
* Establish and foster a culture of best-in-class product quality by driving the adoption and consistent use of quality tools and processes, including Non-Conformance Review (NCR), Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA), Material Review Board (MRB), and Corrective and Preventive Action (CAPA), to ensure systemic issue resolution and continuous improvement across the organization.
* Establish an AS9100 certified Quality Management System within a shared production space for Dive-XL production in Quonset, RI.
* Formulate and implement a 'get to good' strategy for all supplier partnerships in support of product quality scalability
* Establish key performance indicators (KPIs) for all key product quality processes to drive accountability, measure effectiveness, and enable data-driven decision making.
* Partner with multiple engineering development locations to coordinate the phase-in of new product designs, ensuring quality requirements are integrated from design through production readiness.
* Collaborate with production system equivalents at other sites to standardize processes, methods, and techniques used to execute day-to-day job responsibilities.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering or similar technical field, or equivalent work experience
* 8+ years of relevant experience working with OEM suppliers and manufacturing operations building complex hardware and software systems
* 5+ years experience working in an AS9100 (or similar) regulated environment
* Experience in engineering, manufacturing, or quality within the aerospace/defense, automotive, or medical device fields
* Proven record in strategy and execution of Quality Management Systems in a certified AS9100 enterprise
* Working knowledge of product development methodologies such as Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Change Management, and Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP)
* A strong ownership mindset with demonstrated capability to drive projects from start to finish
* Proven ability to track, prioritize and drive to success multiple concurrent projects with a strong operational background
* Hands-on leader. You're resourceful, forward-thinking, drawn to building from ambiguous and unsolved problems and have an "own the outcome" mindset.
* Influence and partnering with a diverse group of stakeholders, able to partner with deeply technical as well as operational, business-minded leaders on key Quality and Manufacturing topics
* Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. top secret clearance

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master's degree in a technical field
* 5+ years of people leadership
* 7+ years of experience with developing quality systems for low volume, high complex manufacturing environments and suppliers
* Working knowledge of AS9100/AS6500/ISO 9001-based Quality Management System requirements
* Experience with IPC standards and general workmanship standards
* Experience with government contracts and MIL standard requirements commonly applied to quality requirements for defense vehicles
* Experience with Teamcenter, SolidWorks/NX, Jira, Foundry, and manufacturing execution systems
* Familiarity with Manufacturing Readiness Levels

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
