---
title: Senior Battery Engineer (Drones)
status: active
id: '5183628007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5183628007?gh_jid=5183628007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T18:25:43-04:00'
date: '2026-07-22T16:21:00-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

As a Senior Battery Engineer, you will drive the development of energy storage systems (ESSs) that power Anduril's next-generation drone products, from concept through full-rate production. Our battery packs enable everything from long-endurance loitering munitions to tactical unmanned aircraft operating in the most demanding environments. In this role, you will serve as the primary technical owner of ESS delivery, working on extremely accelerated timelines and acting as the main interface between the Core Battery Group and internal product teams. You will take individual ownership of battery packs from cell selection through pack prototype iterations to pack production. If you are a self-starter with deep technical experience in defense, aerospace, aviation, or electrification industries who thrives on hands-on problem-solving and extreme ownership, this role is for you.

### **What You'll Do**

* **Own End-to-End ESS Delivery:** Drive battery pack development from concept to production on extremely accelerated timelines, taking full ownership of achieving performance requirements, cost targets, reliability issue resolution, design-for-manufacturing (DFM) support, and more.
* **Serve as the Core Interface:** Act as the main point of contact between the Core Battery Group and internal Anduril product teams, maintaining a positive, collaborative relationship throughout the program lifecycle while sharing expertise to the rest of the company.
* **Define Requirements:** Collaborate with program teams to translate user stories and CONOPs into actionable ESS requirements.
* **Drive Cell Selection:** Lead battery cell selection using accelerated de-risking and validation processes.
* **Lead Design Iterations:** Partner with mechanical engineers to deliver design revisions across component testing, mini (scaled down) modules, prototype packs, and production packs—defining the maturity required at each stage.
* **Support Manufacturing Ramp:** Work with manufacturing engineering to scale from prototype pack revisions to production units, ensuring adequate validation and reliability verification in an organized fashion through tools like DFMEAs.
* **Get Hands-On:** Directly support battery bring-up, test, debug, and vehicle integration activities.
* **Sustain Fielded Systems:** Conduct root cause analysis and data processing on fielded ESSs to drive countermeasures and design updates as needed.

### **Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or fundamental Physical Sciences with an applied focus on energy storage technologies, plus 5+ years of experience designing, testing, and troubleshooting energy storage systems.
* Past ownership of battery pack design and prototype assembly.
* Demonstrated experience delivering robust, high-performance energy storage systems with substantial technical ownership and contributions.
* Demonstrated technical contributions to drive one or more energy storage systems from prototype to production.
* Professional awareness of at least one: 1) Battery management system (BMS) electrical design, 2) BMS algorithms and software functionality, 3) BMS validation against operational requirements.
* Professional awareness of at least one: 1) Battery cell characterization methods (mission profile validation, equivalent-circuit model characterization, cycle/calendar life assessment, safety features, etc.), 2) Battery cell or pack modeling/simulation in Matlab or Simulink.
* Basic capabilities and understanding of CAD tools (CATIA, NX, SolidWorks).
* Understanding of UN38.3, NAVSEA S9310, and/or equivalent (UL, IEC) battery safety standards.
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export-controlled information or facilities.

### **Preferred Qualifications**

* Graduate Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or fundamental Physical Sciences with a focus on energy storage technologies.
* Understanding and familiarity with MIL-STD-882, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-704, MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-464.
* Advanced experience designing battery pack components and sub-assemblies with CAD tools.
* Experience with rapid deployment of drones/UAVs.
* Experience with student lead competition/collegian competitions (e.g. Formula SAE/Baja, Hyperloop, racing, small startups).
* Advanced expertise with: 1) Battery management system (BMS) electrical design, 2) BMS algorithms and software functionality, 3) BMS validation against operational requirements.
* Advanced expertise with: 1) Battery cell characterization methods (mission profile validation, equivalent-circuit model characterization, cycle/calendar life assessment, safety features, etc.), 2) Battery cell or pack modeling/simulation in Matlab or Simulink.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
