---
title: Environmental Manager
status: active
id: '5183140007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5183140007?gh_jid=5183140007
lastmod: '2026-07-10T18:23:21-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T18:23:21-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : EH&S : EH&S'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is looking for an Environmental Manager to join our team. The Environmental Manager is responsible for environmental compliance with concentrated responsibilities for California locations and western states.   This position is responsible for the development and implementation of environmental programs and permitting as needed to comply with federal, state, and local regulations. You will partner with a variety of individuals across departments and product lines, working to craft cross-functional improvements to our operations. You will serve as a resource for our engineering teams as needed.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Serve as an environmental subject matter expert
* Manage permitting for air emissions, stormwater, wastewater, and hazardous waste as required federal, state, and local agencies.
* Conduct regular environmental audits and facility inspections to identify risks and ensure corrective actions.
* Monitor regulatory changes in California and other western states with facilities to ensure proactive compliance.
* Prepare and submit reports to regulatory agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Orange County Sanitation District (OC Sans), SMARTs, and CERs
* Develop and lead staff training programs in environmental awareness, compliance, and sustainability.
* Lead and develop the Environmental Engineer who reports to this position.
* Coordinate emergency response procedures, spill prevention plans (SPCC), and Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP).

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Engineering or related field.
* 8+ years of related experience in manufacturing, assembly, or R&D operations
* Experience working with local, state, and federal environmental regulators in air, water, and waste.
* Experience in 40 CFR Protection of the Environment and 49 CFR Hazardous Materials Regulations.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills, effective at engaging with leadership, regulators, front-line staff, and third-party partners.
* Capability to manage multiple activities/projects and deadlines.
* Ability to work across teams in a collaborative manner.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong air program experience to prepare and submit environmental reports including Title V air permits, NPDES permits, Tier II, TRI, and hazardous waste reporting.
* Strong working knowledge of SCAQMD, DTSC, and OCSAN Rules and federal environmental laws.
* Willingness to travel (20%)

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
