---
title: Security Investigations Program Lead (West)
status: active
id: '5184799007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5184799007?gh_jid=5184799007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T12:49:18-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T12:49:18-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Counterintelligence'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Counterintelligence (CI) and Security Investigations Team’s safeguards Anduril’s workforce and supply chain by proactively identifying risk, mitigating threats and delivering actionable investigative insights*.*The team helps ensure our security environment remains vigilant and resilient so that our strategic interests are preserved. We are committed to anticipating and mitigating risks and threats enabling Anduril to innovate and operate confidently in a dynamic global environment.

### ABOUT THE POSITION

Anduril is seeking a skilled professional who is interested in a unique opportunity to help strategize, socialize and implement a Security Investigations capability. The role plays a critical part in ensuring Anduril conducts thorough security investigations, ensuring the safety and integrity of our products, facilities and personnel. This role requires significant critical thinking, creativity, complex problem solving and interpersonal skills, as well as the ability to work across a rapidly growing, global, dynamic organization to identify and mitigate threats. The Security Investigations Lead (West) is responsible for contributing to the continued development of Anduril’s security investigations capability, overseeing investigations for the Western region, developing strategic approaches, and coordinating with internal and external stakeholders to support those investigations. The Security Investigations Lead (West) will lead complex investigations into internal and external threats, ensuring close collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. The Security Investigations Lead (West) must be a self-starter that can operate independently and be responsive to fast paced and dynamic operational and threat environments.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Support the development and execution of a Security Investigations capability tailored to Anduril’s unique requirements.
* Manage the investigation process, with a focus on gathering evidence for a wide variety of security investigations and providing strategic guidance on investigative approaches, scope, and risk mitigation..
* Collect and analyze evidence related to investigations, including documents, digital data, and witness statements as well as compile evidence in a logical fashion to identify POI and perform root cause analysis.
* Develop and implement investigative strategies and protocols as well internal standard operating procedures for Security investigations.
* Direct complex investigations into internal and external threats, ensuring thorough data collection and evidence preservation, particularly for cases initiated out of Anduril HQ and facilities in the Western region.
* Establish and leverage collaborative partnerships across internal stakeholders to identify data necessary to support thorough security investigations.
* Prepare detailed reports summarizing investigation findings and recommendations. Organize and maintain accurate and auditable investigation files.
* Build and maintain strong liaison and working relationships with federal, state and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies.
* Gather evidence, interview witnesses and subjects, document in case management systems, work with law enforcement for the prosecution of investigations, comply with regulatory requirements, and identifying control and procedural issues.
* Maintain confidentiality and professionalism throughout all investigative processes. Safeguard employee information as well as highly sensitive and confidential information.
* Partner closely with Legal, HR, Compliance, Security, and business leaders to coordinate investigative efforts and ensure alignment.
* Ensure adherence to global investigative protocols and alignment with legal and regulatory standards.
* Maintain an enterprise view of investigative trends and root causes; contribute to risk mitigation strategies and policy enhancements.
* Support the continuous improvement of investigation frameworks, tools, and technologies.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Security or Intelligence Studies, Criminal Justice or a related field.
* 8 years of relevant work experience conducting or supporting security investigations, including leadership roles.
* Strong analytical abilities, with a detail-oriented and methodical approach to investigations.
* Excellent critical thinking, communication and collaboration skills.
* Experience leading complex security investigations in a fast paced, rapidly evolving threat environment.
* Demonstrated ability leveraging multiple data sets and tools to support complex investigations.
* Familiarity with digital forensic tools, investigative case management systems, investigative technologies and interview techniques.
* Familiarity with insider threat or counterintelligence-related investigations.
* Proven ability to effectively analyze and communicate complex risks.
* **Must be able to obtain and maintain security clearance at an appropriate level (Top Secret/SCI may be required).**

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience developing and standing up a Security Investigations or Corporate Investigations capability.
* Experience conducting CI and Insider Threat investigations.
* Advanced training in interview techniques.

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
