---
title: Warehouse Manager (2nd Shift)
status: active
id: '5184512007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5184512007?gh_jid=5184512007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T14:10:54-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T14:10:54-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Operations : Launched Effects Supply Chain'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Our team is dedicated to ensuring the efficient operation of the Atlanta facility. We focus on continuous improvement, enhancing not only individual and team performance but also contributing to the overall success of the organization. Through teamwork and dedication, we aim to set a benchmark for operational excellence within Anduril and beyond, ensuring that we are well-equipped to support the company's mission of creating a safer and more secure world.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As the Warehouse Manager, you will oversee the efficient operation of our Atlanta warehouse. Responsibilities include managing material flow, optimizing warehouse operations, and collaborating with cross-functional teams. The right person for this role is someone who can excel in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment, where small teams share a broad variety of duties; has strong people and communication skills; is eager to identify opportunities, find solutions, execute plans, and evaluate results critically and expediently; is committed to learning from mistakes and driven to improve and enhance the performance of oneself, others, and the company. This role will support our 2nd shift team.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO:

* Maintain inventory accuracy by organizing materials and overseeing all inventory-related activities
* Oversee the kitting function, including pulling inventory from the warehouse for work orders and delivering materials to the production floor
* Manage put-away processes for incoming materials delivered by warehouse staff or external delivery services
* Take ownership of existing processes and workflows while identifying opportunities to enhance efficiency

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 3–5 years of experience in a warehouse or logistics environment, with exposure to managing materials and inventory processes
* Must be willing and able to work 2nd shift (3pm to 11pm)
* Hands on experience with warehouse operations and material handling, including kitting and put-away processes
* Ability to take ownership of processes while remaining flexible and open to learning new systems and workflows
* Proficient in using warehouse management software and tools (e.g., NetSuite or Oracle)
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
* Ability to take ownership of processes while remaining flexible and open to learning new systems and workflows
* A team-oriented mindset with a passion for problem-solving and process improvement
* Eager to work in a fast-paced, start-up-like environment with a hands-on approach
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$86,000—$112,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
