---
title: Construction Project Manager, Asset Improvements
status: active
id: '5184062007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5184062007?gh_jid=5184062007
lastmod: '2026-07-23T14:50:47-04:00'
date: '2026-07-23T14:50:47-04:00'
location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Real Estate & Facilities : Design & Construction'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Design & Construction team at Anduril delivers the factories, labs, offices, and secure spaces that enable our teams to design, build, and deploy advanced defense technology. Our projects span high-performance manufacturing facilities, mission-critical secure environments, and collaborative workspaces, giving our team exposure to a unique and wide variety of technical and operational challenges.  
  
We operate as a connected team to our strategic real estate planning team and to our operations functions; understanding that strong performance across the complete facilities life cycle is necessary for success.  As a collective team, we embrace the belief that as a group we can achieve far more than as individuals. 

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Construction Project Manager to lead retrofits that help to enable our core business functions.  These roles will report to the leader of Tenant Improvements or to the Site Principal of Construction; and take on small and medium sized tenant improvement projects. These capital improvements can range from remodel of office spaces to infrastructure improvements, to relocations new facilities, and support development, manufacturing or office environments. A core capability of this role is the ability to coordinate works in occupied spaces, and ensure no unplanned interruptions, along with excellence in expectations management.  This role will be responsible for defining project needs, securing external resources, coordinating with internal teams, managing the design, permit and construction process, and turning over a fully integrated project to our operations partners.  In addition, we expect each team member to help contribute to our continued business improvement by participating in our Construction Operations team in developing the tools, governance, and process that allow us to grow and enable our business.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Project Execution:
  + Work with Business Line to establish project goals (Charter) and work plan
  + Procure vendor teams needed to execute multiple projects
  + Work in conjunction with occupants and key stakeholders to develop plans that minimize disruption and establish lines of communication that manage expectations
  + Work with external staff extension vendors based local to projects
  + Establish, monitor, and forecast project financials
  + Ensure the project is delivered to milestones
  + Host project meetings to update on status
  + Enhanced focus on turnover to ensure a positive end user experience and smooth transition to operational staff
  + Leverage and/or create business tools and processes
  + Establish and hold team members to a high degree of quality and excellence
  + Maintain strong connections with stakeholder teams to eliminate turnover gaps
  + Serve as a point of escalation for issues that may arise during the delivery process
* Business Insight & Improvement:
  + Review/present project analytics and support the efforts to improve efficiency and optimize delivery
  + Actively contribute to the Construction Operations team process improvement initiatives
  + Build business connections and update broader RE&F organization on the investment plans for individual business lines

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Minimum of 5 years of experience in construction management.
* In-depth knowledge of construction means and methods, materials, MEP systems and building codes
* Experience delivering projects in occupied environments
* An aptitude managing projects in locations that are not employee’s base of operation
* Knowledge of facilities operations and the importance of integrating core functions into the project delivery process
* Ability to effectively adapt to ambiguity and changing priorities
* The ability to effectively communicate at varying levels of organization
* Competency in CPM scheduling methods, construction document review, and contract administration
* Willingness to travel up to 30% of the time
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export-controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with advanced manufacturing-related projects
* Experience with executing projects with the support of 3rd party construction managers
* Experience with construction management software
* Excel proficiency: You can work quickly, you’re organized, and you build models that others can easily and intuitively pick up
* Education: Bachelor’s degree in civil engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, or a related field
* Experience with ICD-705 and TEMPEST-related policies and guidance is welcome

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
