---
title: Division Operations Associate - Maneuver Dominance
status: active
id: '5185048007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5185048007?gh_jid=5185048007
lastmod: '2026-07-19T15:27:12-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T11:53:55-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : Business Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Maneuver Dominance Division, one of Anduril’s fastest growing divisions, has assembled a diverse team of experts, including aerospace, mechanical, and electrical engineers, alongside software, robotics, artificial intelligence, sensor fusion, and data analysis specialists. Together, we create cutting-edge vehicle-centric hardware and software solutions that radically evolve the capabilities of our customers. We are fielding the next generation of autonomous vehicle systems to tackle the extremely challenging industry demands. Our focus is on delivering advanced tactical unmanned vehicle systems, battlefield intelligence, and flexible ground and air autonomy solutions. We are actively developing and iterating on a portfolio of next-generation vehicle platforms, including Omen, a Group 3 tail-sitter VTOL drone designed for advanced persistent intelligence, surveillance, & reconnaissance. Through this and other programs, Anduril is executing on substantial contracts to bring these capabilities to our customers.  
  
As a rapidly growing division, Maneuver Dominance is not just delivering products; we are building the fundamental enabling technologies that empower our systems with exquisite perception, sophisticated behaviors, and unparalleled capabilities. This deep investment fuels an expanded product portfolio where systems, including Omen and other platforms will form a coherent system-of-systems, enabling the end-to-end conduct of a variety of autonomous missions in the land, air, and tactical domains. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact and working on systems that directly contribute to achieving national strategic priorities, we want you to join Anduril’s Maneuver Dominance Division and help us build the future of defense capability.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Division Operations Associate to join our rapidly growing Maneuver Dominance Division Operations team in **Costa Mesa, CA**. In this position, you will be responsible for supporting our internal business lines as well as the entire division. The Maneuver Dominance Division Operations team is a small but mighty team of talented business generalists who enable the division to scale through hyper-growth while breaking as few things as possible.  
  
We’re looking for someone to help us build out the business infrastructure required to grow this into Anduril’s largest division over the next few years. Our goal is to fundamentally reshape the way future peer to peer conflicts are fought by developing next generation of autonomous systems.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Lead various strategic initiatives and special projects, as directed by General Managers and Division Operations Leads, to establish scalable operations across the portfolio, ranging from strategic and international finance, production and supply chain, facilities and real estate, security, etc

+ Act as the connective tissue between efforts related to the design, development, and implementation of new processes, strategy, and execution plans

* Coordinate and prepare for executive leadership meetings, including setting agendas, tracking action items, and ensuring follow-through
* Support internal team operations: new employee onboarding, all hands, internal business reviews, and other division-wide events so that we rapidly ramp new employees and maintain a culture of “doing things differently”
* Support our corporate planning cycle by helping to build out and monitor performance against goals, financial plans, and headcount plans so we can hit our aggressive growth targets
* Establish the operating model and battle rhythm for a rapidly growing team with an emphasis on cross-division coordination and repeatable execution patterns

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* You have 3+ years of experience in consulting, operations, finance, or general business analysis
* You love solving complex, ambiguous, cross-functional problems in a people-centric way
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You get energy from being a thought partner for others and it excites you to spend time translating operational problems into data problems, and to then going and executing on them
* You’re discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* You’re tactical and don’t only sit at a 30,000 foot level
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Typically 5+ years of professional (non-internship) experience and a Bachelor's degree or equivalent education/work experience. Brings solid, hands-on expertise in the field and can operate independently on a wide range of responsibilities.
* Experience working at or with Aerospace & Defense companies, Robotics, Technology, or other manufacturing heavy companies directly or in an advisory capacity
* Experience working at a startup or ability to establish processes and SOPs from scratch

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
