---
title: Security Vetting Analyst
status: active
id: '5185543007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5185543007?gh_jid=5185543007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T12:50:40-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T12:50:40-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Counterintelligence'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Counterintelligence (CI) and Security Investigations (SI) Team’s safeguards Anduril’s workforce and supply chain by proactively identifying risk, mitigating threats and delivering actionable investigative insights*.*The team helps ensure our security environment remains vigilant and resilient so that our strategic interests are preserved. We are committed to anticipating and mitigating risks and threats enabling Anduril to innovate and operate confidently in a dynamic global environment.

### ABOUT THE POSITION

Anduril is seeking a professional to support the CI and Security Investigations team in an exciting opportunity that requires significant critical thinking, creativity, complex problem solving and interpersonal skills, as well as the ability to work across a rapidly growing, global, dynamic organization to identify and mitigate threats. The Security Vetting Analyst will provide analytical support to people risk vetting and screening processes across the organization. The role will require analytic efforts and workstreams that integrate across key business processes and stakeholders to proactively detect and mitigate potential fraud and nation-state risks to Anduril’s workforce. The Security Vetting Analyst will leveraging internal and external data sources and tools to develop a robust understanding of the people-related risks facing Anduril. The Security Vetting Analyst must be a detail-oriented self-starter that can operate collaboratively in a fast paced and dynamic operational and threat environment. The Security Vetting Analyst must possess an understanding of CI, people risk vetting processes and related investigative requirements, and ability to effectively analyze and communicate complex risks and threats.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Execute various workforce and visitor vetting initiatives to meet the defense industry's unique threats and requirements and ensure Anduril is engaging with trusted people.
* Conduct thorough risk assessments and initial investigations of people to support vetting program.
* Support a repeatable, scalable process to ensure appropriate initial CI vetting of all candidates and visitors.
* Collaborate with internal stakeholders and external partners to support people vetting processes.
* Assist various technical and non-technical initiatives to proactively identify potential people risks.
* Communicate findings and provide recommendations to key stakeholders on people-related screening and vetting.
* Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of relevant industry best practices, data sets, tools, law, and regulations.
* Support preliminary assessments of identified people-related risks and mitigation recommendations.
* Maintain documentation of policies, procedures, and risk frameworks for people vetting initiatives that are responsive to identified threats and comply with government regulations and contractual obligations.
* Monitor, analyze, and communicate trends in people-related threats to help shape vetting initiatives.
* Assist in developing and delivering related training and communications.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Security or Intelligence Studies, Political Science, Criminal Justice, or a related field.
* Minimum of 3-4 years of relevant work experience in people riskvetting, evaluation, and related investigations.
* Experience conducting assessments and presenting analysis to inform executive decision making.
* Strong critical thinking, collaboration, and communication skills with the ability to creatively solve problems and deliver results in a fast-paced environment.
* Experience conducting public record research and investigations (e.g., criminal, civil, financial, corporate, property, licensing, or court records) in support of people vetting, insider threat, or CI-related assessments.
* Ability to synthesize public record findings with open-source intelligence (OSINT) and other data sets to assess credibility, relevance, and risk, and communicate findings to technical and executive stakeholders.
* Ability to leverage multiple data sets and tools to support people risk vetting activities.
* Demonstrated understanding of the intelligence threats facing the industry.
* Proven ability to effectively analyze and communicate complex risks.
* Familiarity with relevant laws, regulations, and standards governing defense industry security and requirements of U.S. Security Clearance holders.
* Must have or be able to obtain a Top Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Familiarity with SEAD 3/SEAD 4 requirements.
* Previous experience with people-related vetting initiatives in a defense contractor environment.
* Familiarity with various people-related vetting and investigative software and tools.

US Salary Range

$99,000—$130,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
