---
title: Legal Counsel - US Government or International Contracts
status: active
id: '5186065007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5186065007?gh_jid=5186065007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T12:27:41-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T11:17:00-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs '
offices:
- Ashville, OH (Arsenal 1)
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril’s Legal Team is seeking Legal Counsel-Government Contractors to support our growing business lines. These roles will be part of Anduril’s Deal Team, which supports the full lifecycle of Anduril contracts and includes government contracts lawyers, contract managers, and proposal managers.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking talented **Legal Counsel** to support a variety of US Government and International business lines. We are actively hiring for multiple roles across several key business lines, each offering unique focus areas, all on-site positions in **Washington, DC; Costa Mesa, CA; Ashville, OH; or Reston, VA.**

* **Maneuver Dominance (MD)**: Develops aerial robotic systems designed to operate in large coordinated teams in concert with ground maneuver forces. Secret required, Top Secret clearance preferred.
* **Advanced Effects (AE)**: Works on some of Anduril’s most cutting-edge products, including the Roadrunner, which is a reusable take-off and landing autonomous air vehicle (AAV), and the Barracuda family of air-breathing AAVs. Secret required, Top Secret clearance preferred.
* **Intelligence, Discovery, and Space**: Builds, deploys and scales frontier technology in support of the most critical national security missions. Secret required, Top Secret clearance preferred.
* **Global Defense**: Represents all Anduril divisions to international customers with a primary focus on APAC and Americas. Frequent international travel expected (25%).

Anduril is a fast-growing company at the early stages of growth. Consistent with this fast growth, members of Anduril’s Legal Team must be resourceful, creative, and eager to take ownership of complex matters. The Legal Counsel role will require thoughtful approaches to navigating US and Foreign Government complex procurement and compliance rules, with a singular focus on helping Anduril deploy its path-making technology into operational settings for the United States and its allies. In addition to helping capture and execute new government deals, you will work on all other aspects of Anduril’s business, from negotiating license and services agreements, to bid protests and litigation, to handling intellectual property, compliance, and innovative software and hardware product launch matters. Experience across all of these areas is not expected, but a willingness to learn and adapt is.  
  
Our team is passionate about the law and policy of defense technology and you should have an independent interest in the key issues in this field. Anduril fosters a diverse, collaborative, culture with tremendous opportunities for ownership and professional growth.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Be a key member of Anduril’s small, dynamic Legal Team.
* Drive customer growth by executing new government contracts and growing existing ones. Use your expertise in federal procurement law to help the Business Development, Proposal, and Engineering Teams efficiently capture new contracts, grow existing contracts, and set up follow-on opportunities for future contracts. Assist in the strategy development for new business.
* Manage relationships with procurement office representatives at Government agencies. High-trust professional relationships with Government contracting and procurement offices are critical to Anduril’s continued success, and you will be called upon to develop and foster these relationships throughout your tenure.
* Provide legal counsel and day-to-day management of the entire acquisitions lifecycle. Oversee and evaluate major proposals, monitor large contracts, lead or assist in key negotiations, resolve performance issues, identify risks and mitigations, and ensure compliance with laws, regulations, and policies.
* Work on all legal aspects of Anduril’s business, from negotiating license and services agreements, to bid protests and litigation, to handling deal-related intellectual property, compliance, and employment matters. You will represent the legal team in relationships with outside counsel, vendors, engineers, executives, customers, and regulators.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 4+ years of work on US Government or International contracts matters, preferably with a law firm or in-house at a government contractor (more senior lawyers are also encouraged to apply, the position may be adjusted based on experience)
* A solid understanding of the government procurement process; particularly contract vehicles and types, including non-traditional and CAS coverage, software acquisition approaches, and data rights issues
* The judgment and initiative required to own multiple projects from end-to-end, whether guiding the Product and Business Development Team through the lifecycle of a deal or handling unexpected legal issues that may arise in defense or start-up companies
* Strong communication, writing, and interpersonal skills.
* Quick learner and independent performer, able to contribute to the broader start-up legal function, including topics that may be completely new to you: everything from IP and litigation to financing, securities, compliance, and employment law, depending on the needs of the day.
* Licensed to practice law in CA, DC, OH, or VA
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Pre-law school professional experience
* Combination of law-firm and in-house or government experience
* Experience working with the government
* Experience with engineering, software, or other technology
* An interest in the law and policy of defense acquisitions with opinions about what is right or wrong in the field and how to fix it
* The ability and grit to operate independently within a rapidly evolving company
* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Secret or Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
