---
title: Electrical Engineer (Motor Controls)
status: active
id: '5186566007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5186566007?gh_jid=5186566007
lastmod: '2026-07-14T12:27:41-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T11:45:24-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Core Technology Products : Actuators'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

Anduril is seeking a Electrical Engineer to join the team at our Costa Mesa HQ. Here you will work on core product development for complex systems, including but not limited to optical systems, batteries, mechanisms, control systems, and sensors. The role requires high ownership and frequent collaboration with other core disciplines. The ideal candidate would be practical, hands-on and a self starter. High growth potential is possible as well as additional leadership opportunities.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Execute rapid evaluation of engineering concepts in a wide range of fields
* Identify partners in industry to engage with, and manage early vendor relationships
* Perform trade studies and physics-based analysis of blue-sky engineering problems
* Manage internal and external market research and comparisons
* Design, implementation, and test of complex electro-mechanical systems
* High level system ownership with large levels of professional autonomy
* Lead design reviews, run analysis, visit vendors, define and execute hardware test plans
* Build prototypes, analyze failures, and transition successful projects into production
* Support critical hardware demonstrations with customers as needed
* Travel to test sites as needed
* Use first principles physics as a basis for every decision
* Wear many hats

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in an immersive technical project (collegiate project teams or professional settings)
* Demonstrated leadership skills (collegiate project teams or professional settings)
* 3+ years of electrical/design experience in a professional setting
* Experience in PCB design and any ECAD (Altium, KiCAD, etc)
* Hands-on prototyping (soldering, board assembly, harnessing)
* Experience with any: controls/actuation, robotics, and or motor/servo drive systems (BLDC/brushed motor controller design and servo control systems)
* Familiarity with microcontrollers, power conversion and system integration
* Ability to read, interpret, and manipulate schematics, wiring diagrams, and layouts.
* High competence with, and fluid use of, engineering first principles
* Strong organizational skills
* BS, MS or PhD in an engineering field, or equivalent work experience
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience in bare metal microcontroller design (STMicro, TI, NXP, etc) from schematic to bringup
* Outstanding leadership and interpersonal skills
* Familiarity with designing for rugged environments
* Experience in bringing up device trees on embedded systems with a variety of connected sensors
* Experience with Electro-Mechanical and Electrical design concepts
* Experience in developing a variety of electronics hardware products (UAVs, wearables, firearms, high power electric propulsion, optical systems, or other complex mechanisms)
* Experience in characterizing circuits at both schematic and board level
* Familiarity with wireless communication protocols
* Experience with microcontroller wired communication protocols (USB, MIPI CSI2, SPI, I2C, CAN, CANFD, UART/RS232/RS422/RS485)
* Practical experience with electrical engineering tools (Oscilloscopes, power supplies, electronic loads, multimeters)

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
