---
title: Senior Firmware Engineer, Space Embedded Systems
status: active
id: '5186084007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5186084007?gh_jid=5186084007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T17:23:56-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T17:23:56-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Space Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

Anduril's Space team is dedicated to expanding our AI-powered capabilities into the final frontier, enhancing Space Domain Awareness, Space Control, and Command and Control for U.S. military and allied partners. We're developing fully integrated hardware and software systems, including Lattice for Space Missions and modular payloads, to address growing threats in space and ensure our Guardians maintain a decisive advantage in this contested warfighting domain.

### ABOUT THE JOB

As a Senior Firmware Engineer on Space, you will own the architecture and deployment of solutions that support specific customer missions for on-orbit spacecraft operations and mission management. You will contribute low level firmware development for systems operating on on-orbit spacecraft developing modular capabilities to support the DoD and IC customers across the space domain. The role will also be responsible for the interfaces to multi-modal payload platforms, bus platforms and solutions in proliferated satellite constellations.  
  
We work with mission partners and operators to deploy reliable and robust capabilities on operationally-relevant fielding timelines to meet complex challenges across the DOD and IC.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Develop low-level firmware/software for microcontrollers, create reusable device drivers, integrate system-level features and architect changes to support an ever-growing codebase.
* Own complex firmware features of an embedded system to enable delivery of end-to-end mission systems.
* Quickly debug and troubleshoot issues that span the electrical, firmware, and software boundaries.
* Help select microcontrollers and peripherals and review schematics with electrical engineering team.
* Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality.
* Concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering.
* Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and detailed requirements.
* Capable of solving complex technical problems with little oversight.
* Clear communication and organizational skills including documentation and training material.
* Experience: 8+ years of experience in firmware/embedded software development, with a focus on embedded systems.
* Strong C coding ability for embedded systems
* Experience integrating microcontrollers with analog and digital sensors
* Experience developing firmware in bare-metal or RTOS environments
* Debugging skills with JTAG, SWD, Oscilloscopes, and Logic analyzers
* Solid understanding and application of coding best practices, board bring up and debugging
* Solid experience with common bus protocols such as USB, SPI, I2C, CAN, RS232, RS485, Ethernet, etc.
* Experience with ARM microcontroller cores.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Advanced expertise with C/C++.
* Experience working with a variety of programming languages such as C, C++, Rust, Python.
* Experience with multiple microcontroller cores (ARM, AVR, MSP430, PIC, etc.)
* Experience with satellite mission autonomy to include fault isolation and recovery systems.
* A desire to work on critical software in the space domain.
* Have a bias for action. If you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it.
* Be naturally curious about the technologies and tools you use.

US Salary Range

$191,000—$253,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
