---
title: Battery Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '5187738007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5187738007?gh_jid=5187738007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T16:28:45-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T16:28:45-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Air Dominance & Strike : Air Dominance & Strike Engineering : Mission Software
  Engineering'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

As a Battery Mechanical Engineer, you will conduct the mechanical design, thermal management, and structural analysis of high-voltage and low-voltage battery packs and energy storage modules. The right person for this role has a strong command of mechanical design, thermal runaway mitigation, and structural design principles, as well as a solid handle on structural/thermal FEA tools. If you are someone who is hardware-focused, detail-oriented, and eager to own critical battery hardware from concept through deployment, then this role is for you.

**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Perform CAD design of battery modules, enclosures, structural support frames, and thermal management components.
* Perform finite element analysis (FEA) and computational fluid dynamics (CFD) to evaluate structural and thermal systems, including thermal runaway propagation mitigation.
* Generate, review, and release high-quality engineering drawings and product definitions.
* Collaborate extensively with electrical engineering, battery management systems (BMS) software, and manufacturing teams to integrate cell-level hardware into system-level architectures.
* Support prototyping, environmental testing (vibration, shock, thermal cycling, and penetration testing), and manufacturing operations onsite.
* Own the development of critical battery subsystems from cradle to grave.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of experience performing mechanical design and analysis of complex hardware, ideally involving battery modules or power systems.
* A bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or similar.
* Prior experience operating advanced CAD software (such as NX or SolidWorks) and FEA/CFD software
* A solid understanding of hardware manufacturability, material selection, and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)
* Strong communication and collaborative skills
* Ability to travel to other Anduril sites, customer sites, or supplier sites as business demand dictates (anticipated 10-25% travel).
* Ability to obtain and hold a U.S. Secret Security Clearance.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Exhibits strong initiative and ownership of complex engineering tasks.
* Experience with NX CAD software and/or Abaqus FEA softwae.
* Direct experience designing lithium-ion battery enclosures, cell-to-pack packaging, busbars, and high-voltage safety systems.
* Familiarity with environmental testing standards for high-reliability applications (such as MIL-STD-810, UN 38.3, or DO-160).
* Expertise in engineering tool development in Microsoft Excel, MATLAB, and/or Python

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
