---
title: Contractor Special Security Officer
status: active
id: '5187665007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5187665007?gh_jid=5187665007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T16:14:14-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T14:21:54-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Core Operations : Security : Industrial and Special Program Security'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-41)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Special Access Program Security team is responsible for ensuring the security of classified information for Anduril’s most sensitive programs and contracts. The team has individuals located across the country and works in a collaborative manner to ensure the security of Anduril and government information, and Anduril’s defense products.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Contractor Special Access Program Security Officer (CSSO) to join our growing team in Costa Mesa CA. This is a security position requiring a qualified security professional in support of special access program initiatives. As a CSSO, you will be responsible for the management, direction, administration and development of security programs and procedures for assigned programs that have contractually imposed security requirements beyond 32 CFR Part 117, National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) Rule requirements to include DoDM 5205.07, Intelligence Community Directives (ICDs 703, 704, 505, and others as applicable), Security Classification Guides (SCGs), and Statements of Work. Key responsibilities include Personnel Security, Physical Security and program OPSEC/P2 planning. The CSSO will interface with government agencies regarding assigned program security matters and requirements and will be responsible for managing all security-related aspects of assigned programs in close collaboration with other Anduril CSSOs. This will require detailed knowledge of the government policies applicable to Special Access Program (SAP) security, as well as practical experience implementing this knowledge to a fast-paced, quickly scaling, and complex manufacturing environment. If you are someone who enjoys fast-paced and collaborative work, finding solutions to interesting challenges, and possess a “can do” attitude, then this role is for you!

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Knowledgeable in interpreting and implementing security guidance based on applicable ICDs, SEADs, 32 CFR Part 117. “NISPOM Rule,” DoDM 5205.07, and other policies, regulations, and processes as applicable.
* Perform all aspects of Customer Personnel Security Program requirements. This includes, guidance and assistance for validation of SCI and SAP access, access requirements, processing SCI and eligibility and polygraph requests, nomination interviews, submission of investigative requests, conduct or coordinate SCI security briefings.
* Perform all aspects of Physical Security by providing day to day support for badging, access control and visitor control. Ensure all SAP Facility documentation is current and up to date.
* Support program managers and personnel with classification guidance and other program related requirements, i.e., incoming and outgoing visit certifications, foreign travel reporting and proposal support.
* Ensure SCI and SAP material is properly controlled, transmitted, transported, packaged, safeguarded, and destroyed, as appropriate.
* Investigate security incidents and prepare required reports.
* Build and maintain a relationship with government security counterparts.
* Provide security awareness training as required by regulations and as requested by our customers.
* Work with IT and ISSO to ensure equipment being brought into the secure areas is authorized and approved.
* Assist and provide guidance on ICD 705 modifications/upgrades at company site(s).
* Collaborate and assist the ISSO / ISSM on management of information systems.
* Maintain personnel security records for special access programs (SAP) programs to include the use of SIMS, DISS, JADE, and other systems as applicable.
* Conduct internal self-inspections and manage government Staff Assistance Visits and Customer Security Assessments on behalf of Anduril.
* Maintain classified material accountability records to include inventory lists, receipt and transmittal records and final disposition documentation.
* Maintain working knowledge in the preparation and maintenance of prime and subcontract DD254s.
* Develop and maintain the program's Standard Operating Procedure (SOP).
* In collaboration with the physical security team, maintain the program’s access control and alarm systems.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor's degree in related discipline or equivalent education and work experience.
* At least four years’ experience working with special programs in a ACSSO or CSSO role.
* Ability to work independently and possess knowledge over the full range of security principles, including but not limited to identifying and evaluating program risks/vulnerability; implementing mitigating improvement; and disseminating security procedures/processes.
* Build and maintain relationships with government security counterparts.
* **DoD Top Secret clearance with current investigation and ability to maintain a DoD Top Secret clearance with Special Program accesses.**

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Willing to work extended hours in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment in a variety of program areas.
* Willingness to travel on company business (varies but probably less than 15%).

US Salary Range

$129,000—$171,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
