---
title: Head of Mission Readiness, Ghost
status: active
id: '5187498007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5187498007?gh_jid=5187498007
lastmod: '2026-07-15T11:12:41-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T09:55:34-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Integrated Product Support'
offices:
- Santa Ana, CA (OC-32)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are looking for a Head of Mission Readiness, Ghost to join our rapidly growing team in Costa Mesa, CA. You’ll be leading the effort to advance and formalize Anduril’s Mission Readiness - Integrated Support capabilities. You will lead the development, implementation, and management of comprehensive logistics strategies that improve Anduril’s ability to deploy, maintain, and sustain hardware. This role involves leading and coordinating with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration of all elements of Mission Readiness - Integrated Product Support. It will require a breadth of understanding of both commercial and military logistics, experience working on government programs, and a deep appreciation for details. This position is pivotal in ensuring Anduril continues to scale our capabilities in government and DoD logistics.   
  
We are a fast-growing company at the early stages of our growth, and you will be expected to own material and important projects during your time on the team, which will have a significant impact on the company’s trajectory. Anduril fosters a diverse, collaborative, culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership and professional growth.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Direct all Mission Readiness - Integrated Logistics Support activities across programs to include execution, process, best practices, technical oversight, and budget monitoring.
* Responsible for taking Integrated Logistics Support at Anduril from zero to one on an extremely aggressive timeline.
* Implement and maintain logistics systems, standards, and data to ensure accurate and efficient logistics operations and management.
* Lead and develop a high-performing team, including recruitment, training, and performance management.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including engineering, quality, and program management, to ensure alignment and execution of logistics goals.
* Develop and implement logistics plans and best practices to ensure the timely execution of all logistics program deliverables in a highly collaborative environment.
* Participate with engineering to establish design concepts, criteria, and engineering efforts for product research, development, testing, and integration.
* Influence, and coordinate the preparation of proposals, business plans, proposal work statements and specifications, operating budgets, and financial terms/conditions of contract(s). Influence contract acquisitions, negotiations, and modifications.
* Problem solve and remove obstacles for your team and internal and external partners. Know how to think critically and engage the right teams to help.
* Communicate effectively to keep internal and external teams informed at all times. Use the necessary channels (Slack, email, meetings) to ensure stakeholders understand what needs to be accomplished and when.
* Be a team player where no task is too small. Be willing to roll up your sleeves and get the job done. Embrace the startup life.

**QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor's degree in engineering, business, or related field.
* 15+ years of experience in DoD/government logistics or progressively complex program administration experience, including leadership roles in operations, manufacturing engineering, or supply chain.
* Demonstrates technical expertise and application of logistics management principles, concepts, and practice as well as leadership skills including organizing, planning, scheduling, and coordinating workloads to meet established deadlines or milestones.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.
* Ability to travel as needed for the business.
* Ability to be local or relocate to Costa Mesa, CA.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Expertise in regulatory requirements as it relates to the DoD or government logistics, preferably related to aircraft
* Experience working with, in, and around Air Force or other military branch Integrated Logistics operations.
* Excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills.
* Strong ability to work cross-functionally, including at a deeply technical level, in an unstructured environment; startup experience preferred.
* Strong outcome orientation with the ability to drive initiatives from inception to implementation and adoption. Willing and able to dive into tactical execution mode when needed to move the effort forward.
* Demonstrated ability to lead projects from idea conception to idea execution without assistance.
* Moves fast, has a positive attitude and can lead people directly and via influence.
* Government Proposal experience is desired.

US Salary Range

$219,000—$290,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
