---
title: Division Operations Associate, TRS
status: active
id: '5187826007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5187826007?gh_jid=5187826007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T13:20:42-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T13:20:42-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- Tactical Recon & Strike
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Tactical Recon & Strike team at Anduril develops aerial small drones (Group 1-3) and all equipment to test, deploy and operate. The team is responsible for taking products like Ghost, Anvil, Bolt and Altius from concepts to operational systems. We work in close coordination with specialist teams to solve some of the hardest problems facing our customers. We are looking for software engineers, hardware engineers, roboticists, and front-end mobile developers who are excited about creating a powerful robotics platform that can be tasked and viewed in real-time through a variety of interfaces.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Partner directly with the Head of Operations for the TRS division, the VP of TRS, our business-line General Managers, Engineering Leaders, strategic Growth personnel, and others to lead various strategic initiatives and special projects to establish scalable operations and forward progress across a portfolio of initiatives as we scale the TRS business across our Altius 600, Altius 700, Bolt, Anvil, and Ghost product lines
* You will be handed ambiguous, messy problems with little prescription on how to solve them. These could be across production, finance, growth strategy, hiring, real estate & facilities, or a multitude of other business needs. If this ambiguity & breadth does not *excite* you, this is not the role for you.
* You will often act as the connective tissue — supporting design, development, and implementation of new processes, strategy, projects, and execution plans — across complex initiatives with multiple stakeholders and often ‘gray area’ scope
* You will own operational projects end-to-end, from Definition, Solution, to Implementation - there is no one coming to save the day or pick up the baton. It will be your job to fully own outcomes in the business.
* You will often project manage across many stakeholders. If you don’t like being the person leading meetings with large groups of people or managing large Slack channels to wrangle stakeholders towards a solution, this may not be the role for you
* You will often help support our regular corporate planning rhythms by helping to build out and monitor performance against goals, financial plans, and headcount plans so we can hit our aggressive growth targets
* You will work deeply within data and systems, becoming intimately familiar with how our business systems (ERP, MRP, HRIS, etc.) function, and how to leverage data from them to create insights and analytics (leveraging tools like Excel, Palantir Foundry, etc.), equipping functional teams with these insights and tools to measure and improve their processes
* You will often scrappy analyses on short-timelines to get answers quickly, while also owning more scalable solutions that will make Anduril successful in the long term

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* You have 2-3+ years of varied experience in consulting or finance, in an operating role at a high-growth technology company, starting a venture, or other similar experiences
* You’re highly analytical and love solving complex, cross-functional problems in a people centric way
* You’re both high ownership and low ego, approaching everything with strong outcome orientation and high humility
* You don’t wait on others to solve problems. You proactively step into the gap to offer solutions yourself.
* You’re highly detail oriented and data-driven
* You’re discerning and an incredibly fast learner
* You’re tactical and don’t hesitate to get into the weeds of a problem.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
