---
title: Manager, Test and Evaluation
status: active
id: '5187912007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5187912007?gh_jid=5187912007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T10:28:50-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T14:54:32-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

This position will be filled by a highly motivated People Leader with a passion for leading technical teams to support cutting-edge programs across a variety of domains. You will work heavily with the engineering leadership, program leadership, and a wide spectrum of cross-departments to help build a team focused on solving hard problems. The role will be responsible for managing the daily efforts of test and evaluation engineers to successfully execute the end-to-end test process on all assigned programs, which includes test planning, safety planning, and risk management. Additionally, this role will be required to lead by example by completing individual contributor work in support of at least one assigned program. This role will support the Anduril Intelligence Systems business line, Cyber programs, and any other programs deemed necessary in the future.   
  
The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril works across the entire spectrum of products and business lines, as well as all flight operations and test range management. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, sub-component qualification testing and much more. In short, if it involves test, we support it. If you are interested in working in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded this a fantastic opportunity.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Own all results of your team, both the good and the bad.
* Manage test engineers to complete the end-to-end test process for a variety of program types, including ground systems, flight systems, and novel technologies.
* Lead by example. You will be expected to provide strong leadership/mentorship for your team, some who will be senior engineers, while also continuing to support at least one program with test engineering expertise.
* Coordinate with other Test and Evaluation teams, including engineers and pilots, to meet all testing demands of your business line.
* Maintain awareness of current status and future events on all programs that are assigned to your team in order to appropriately deconflict resources with internal and external stakeholders.
* Coordinate directly with business line leadership (program managers, ops, directors, etc) to determine the current and future needs of test and evaluation engineering support required.
* Inform Test and Evaluation hiring decision based on personnel and skill requirements provided through coordination with the the business lines you support.
* Manage and evolve your teams organizational structure to match both T&E engineering needs and the needs of your business lines
* Move to problem areas or gaps in your team. When there is an issue on your team, you will be expected to coordinate a solution to the problem with all required stakeholders.
* Advise business line leadership on test and evaluation capabilities, include test site capabilities when required for customer briefings, program kickoffs, proposals, or other events.
* Accountable for all administrative requirements for the members of your team (time cards, finance approvals, PTO, etc).

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering or a related technical field from an accredited institution
* 8+ years of hands-on test engineering experience or comparable skill (i.e. military exercise planning & evaluation), with 2+ years of proven leadership (i.e. IPT lead, team lead, platoon leadership, etc.)
* Ability to travel up to 25% routinely and higher if needed
* Possess a Top Secret US Security clearance, with eligibility for SCI access
* Experience with the Department of War, Government Cyber Commands/Agencies, and/or the Intelligence Community
* Aptitude for leadership and desire to be a people leader first, manager second.
* Experience producing or leading teams to produce customer facing test process deliverables (test plans, test reports, data analysis, etc.) and demonstrated maturity to articulate deliverable to a variety of stakeholders.
* Experience as a test conductor, test director, or similar test position
* Experience working on government or private test sites/ranges
* Experience conducting safety planning or risk management
* Must be able to guidance or intent and turn it into actionable results with a team
* Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly and solve problems across a variety of engineering areas
* Experience working with cross-functional engineering teams and external customers; demonstrated ability to collect differing opinions and reconcile them in order to achieve agreement on what ‘right’ looks like.
* Able to work extended hours on test sites or in support of testing as required.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Leadership training (Education, employer provided, or self-study).
* Experience working with the National Airspace System, UAS regulations, or other flight related regulations
* Experience with software defined radios
* Experience working along side UAS operators or pilots to complete test/training objectives
* Experience and working knowledge of radio frequency theory and/or communication physics
* Experience and working knowledge of various communication protocols (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, LAN, WAN, etc.)
* Experience and working knowledge of a programing language (C++, Python, MATLAB, etc)
* Experience utilizing a Linux Operating System (Ubuntu, Debian, etc) or using Command Line Interface with another operating system

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
