---
title: Test and Evaluation Engineer, Air Defense
status: active
id: '5188283007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5188283007?gh_jid=5188283007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T16:41:17-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T12:27:25-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States; San Clemente, California, United
  States
departments:
- 'Hardware Platform : Hardware Test Operations : Hardware Test Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Test and Evaluation team at Anduril plays a crucial role in our mission , ensuring that every product meets the highest standards of performance and reliability. Our team conducts full system level development testing, new production acceptance testing, software qualification testing and much more.   
  
This position is looking for a highly motivated test engineer with emphasis in software/hardware interface and diagnostics. If you are interested in an extremely innovative and fast paced environment, where your work directly makes an impact and difference in the products that are fielded, this is an excellent opportunity for you.  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* As a Test and Evaluation (T&E) engineer, under minimal supervision, you will be responsible for test planning, execution, and reporting
* Collect and perform initial test data analysis for the system under test.
* Conduct the full test process (Requirements, Test Plan, Safety Reviews, Test Readiness Reviews, Test Exection and Test Reporting) to a high performance standard in line with company policy.
* Perform system testing of UAS systems and ground systems, in both simulated and field environments.
* Collaborate with engineering teams to interpret test data, identify system behaviors, and drive product enhancements, process improvements
* Manage the use of test ranges and coordinate with external agencies to facilitate testing activities.
* Work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor's degree in an applicable field of engineering.
* 5+ years of test engineering experience, general engineering experience with ground systems, or similar experience.
* Ability to immediately obtain a U.S. Top Secret-Level security clearance.
* Experience producing customer facing test deliverables (test plans, flight readiness reviews, data analysis, test reports, etc.)
* Experience as a test conductor and/or test director, or similar (i.e. Range events in the military)
* Must possess general knowledge of test execution safety and risk management
* Thorough understanding of engineering principles, especially in terminal guidance and autonomous systems.
* Experience conducting data analysis that informed engineering decisions.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with strong interpersonal abilities.
* Quick learner with the capacity to accurately implement new concepts and effectively manage multiple project phases.
* Availability to travel for testing-related activities on an as needed basis.
* Flexibility to work additional hours as needed.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Direct experience with UAS design or operational deployment.
* Experience working with the Department of Defense (DoD).
* Advanced knowledge of UAV testing methodologies and data analysis.
* Professional experience with programming languages such as Go, Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, etc
* Experience with Linux Operating Systems
* Experience utilizing AI to enhance workflow and work capacity

US Salary Range

$112,000—$149,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
