---
title: 'Export Compliance Analyst '
status: active
id: '5188677007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5188677007?gh_jid=5188677007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T13:21:17-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T12:53:25-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Legal and Business Affairs '
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

Anduril’s International Trade Compliance team is a resourceful and collaborative group dedicated to deploying cutting-edge defense technology to the United States and its allies. Operating in a fast-growing, high-impact environment, we take creative ownership of complex regulatory matters to build and manage efficient, top-tier compliance processes. We are deeply passionate about the law and policy of defense technology and foster a supportive culture that offers tremendous opportunities for professional growth.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s International Trade Compliance team seeks an experienced Export Compliance Analyst to help build our Compliance team supporting the future technology of defense. In this role, you will work across many aspects of Anduril’s business including helping obtain and manage export authorizations, implementing compliance best practices and supporting our internal teams as a primary interface to Compliance. This position is based in Costa Mesa, CA or Washington, D.C. Anduril is a fast-growing company at the early stages of growth. Consistent with this fast growth, members of Anduril’s International Trade Compliance team must be resourceful, creative, and eager to take ownership of complex matters. The Export Compliance Analyst role will require creativity and resourcefulness to implement and manage efficient, high-compliance processes for complex rules, with a singular focus on helping Anduril deploy its path-making technology into operational settings for the United States and its allies. The Export Compliance Analyst will be expected to take responsibility for significant, material projects, which will have a significant impact on the company’s business. Our team is passionate about the law and policy of defense technology and you should have an independent interest in the key issues in this field. Anduril fosters a diverse, collaborative, culture with tremendous opportunities for ownership and professional growth.

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Ensure compliance with International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and Export Administration Regulations (EAR)
* Prepare and submit export authorization applications
* Provide guidance and training to staff on ITAR and EAR regulations
* Monitor and implement changes in export control regulations
* Manage and track export authorizations
* Liaise with U.S. government agencies
* Support the logistics team on hardware exports
* Assist in the development, review, and improvement of compliance procedures and processes for U.S. subsidiaries
* Perform compliance assessments of export/import authorizations and related transactions and assist in any investigations of potential compliance issues
* Support and implement corrective actions that result from compliance issues
* Participate in working groups, independent projects, and collaborative efforts with within the compliance function or cross-functionally

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* 5+ years of compliance work in export control.
* Prior experience working for a defense contractor or U.S. Government
* Strong understanding of U.S. export control regulations and compliance requirements
* Experience developing, deploying, and maintaining compliance processes.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills
* Quick learner and able to contribute to the broader start-up legal function, including topics that may be completely new to you.
* Capability to manage multiple complex tasks and work efficiently.
* Ability to obtain and maintain DoD Top Secret and Special Access Program (SAP) security clearances
* Willing and able to travel at least 15% of time
* Experience with export compliance software and/or databases

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Significant compliance process management experience in defense sector
* Experience with Australian and UK trade regulations
* Experience with integrating trade compliance tools into ERP, PLM, and other systems
* Prior experience as an Empowered Official

US Salary Range

$86,000—$114,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
