---
title: 'Program Director, Dive XL '
status: active
id: '5188104007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5188104007?gh_jid=5188104007
lastmod: '2026-07-15T17:25:05-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T17:24:28-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Undersea Dominance - Engineering & Operations :
  Program & Product Management'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
  
In your role as Program Director within our Dive XL Division, you will lead a high-stakes, high-reward portfolio program. You will influence the shaping and development of cutting-edge technologies that enhance operational capabilities for end-users, in conjunction with internal teams and key external partners. You will ensure that cost, schedule, and risks across your programs are optimally managed and mitigated. You will both lead and execute. Ultimately, you will be responsible for building and maintaining a cohesive portfolio of programs that work in tandem with each other to reach portfolio-level goals.

#### WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Lead, manage, and execute large, technical programs, from early stage design, to technology development, to system integration, to testing, to deployment.
* Ensure crisp comms and reporting at all levels: you will communicate to the Senior Leadership Team, to your program teams (both PMs and engineers), and to functional teams across Anduril.
* Partner with engineering leaders to drive successful program execution and team velocity.
* Forge and manage both customer relationships and partner relationships.
* Identify, resolve, escalate key cross team dependencies.
* Understand technical implementation at the architectural level and propose technical alternatives when necessary.
* Work hand-in-hand with the Chief Engineer and Program Managers to ensure success across the portfolio.
* Exercise meticulous, swift follow-through on all asks and deliverables.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics, or applicable discipline specific to the needs of the Dive Team.
* 10+ years experience, including roles such as Program Director, Technical Program Manager, Senior Program Manager, or Technical Product Manager in an autonomous systems, robotics, or software development environment.
* Ability to understand the mission, focus on the mission systems, and how both connect to hardware. The Program Manager, Director should have the skillset to dive into any critical aspect of the mission system or program management team to lead, execute, and deliver.
* Ability to execute in:

+ 1) Resource management (headcount, budget, and more)
+ 2) Planning (ability to forecast and understand detailed schedules, deliver high level schedules to leadership, and more)
+ 3) Building efficient and performant technologies that contribute to MD’s core mission and bottom line

* An aptitude and appetite to thrive in organizations with: nascent structure, high-ownership culture, and a “whatever it takes” environment.
* Ability to work closely with and influence external groups such as vendors, partners, and others.
* A strong affinity and talent for working with people, navigating complex ecosystems of people, and leading cross-functional teams.
* A strong familiarity with autonomous systems, robotics, or related aerospace / defense technologies.
* Solid technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, software development lifecycle, challenges and risks.
* Experience with development autonomous subsea vehicles
* High ownership, low ego.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills and executive gravitas.
* Familiarity with import and export controls.
* Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance.
* Must be willing to travel over 25%, with some international.
* Must be willing to relocate to or based near Costa Mesa, CA.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Proven experience delivering technology to government organizations or large commercial institutions.
* Significant experience leading high profile and high stakes programs.
* Experience with Defense Acquisition Processes, including System Requirements Reviews, Preliminary / Critical Design Reviews, Production Readiness Reviews, etc.
* Experience in building programs for software and hardware deliverables from the ground-up.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
