---
title: Senior Software Product Manager
status: active
id: '5188538007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5188538007?gh_jid=5188538007
lastmod: '2026-07-16T10:10:32-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T10:10:32-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Discovery Engineering : BladeRunner'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE TEAM**

The Discovery team at Anduril is at the forefront of incubating and maturing high-potential, software-defined, AI-native offerings that meet the toughest, newest challenges across hardware, software, space, and cyber domains. We're the architects of mission autonomy and mesh networking, delivering scalable hardware solutions that meet some of the most urgent national security needs. By working hand-in-hand with elite teams in Perception, AI, Motion Planning, Hardware, Test Engineering, Space, Networking, and Vehicle hardware, we craft cutting-edge, end-to-end systems that redefine mission success.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

Anduril’s Discovery business line is seeking a talented Product Manager to join our rapidly growing team in Washington, DC. In this role, you will be responsible for shaping and delivering features and services critical to the next generation of air and missile defense systems. You will develop domain expertise and perform thorough discovery to devise innovative defense capabilities ready to meet unprecedented defense needs. These capabilities will be robust and reliable, while appropriately leveraging the latest in AI/ML technologies. If you are someone who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and has a passion for contributing to national security, then this role is for you!  
  
**WHAT YOU'LL DO**

* Own the product roadmap for key missile defense backend services and user interface, translating high-level strategic objectives and urgent warfighter needs into detailed, actionable product roadmaps and specifications.
* Proactively communicate roadmaps and goals to stakeholders and manage expectations of delivery. Escalate large trade offs and necessary decision points as needed.
* Work with business development, proposal, marketing, and compliance leads to communicate product capabilities externally. Participate in large-scale customer exercises and demonstrations.
* Work hands-on to deliver new capabilities across the lifecycle of the product, from initial release and onboarding, through day-to-day improvements. Validate and experiment along the way, acting as the voice of the user throughout.
* Define and monitor key metrics to measure success.
* Interview and iterate with defense operators and subject matter experts, develop insights from such interactions, and propagate user needs clearly through the organization.
* Develop relationships to bridge business and technical worlds. Build tech alongside prolific engineers and designers, and then zoom out to work with business development, operations, customer success, marketing, and finance teams in order to ensure success. Along the way, you’ll help define and drive product team culture and best practices.
* Partner closely with test engineers and program teams to devise rigorous testing scenarios that validate key functionality, demonstrate operational utility, and drive rapid iteration cycles.

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.
* 3-8+ years in software product development, ideally in highly technical areas which may include AI/ML products, developer solutions, etc.
* A deep understanding of back-end web technologies & distributed systems to consider capabilities and limitations.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Aptitude for working with internal and external stakeholders, across a wide range of technical comfort.
* Proven ability to decompose and organize technically complex projects in a structured approach.
* Demonstrated success decomposing a problem into addressable component parts.
* Proven ability to motivate cross functional teams to do their best work.
* U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.
* Ability to travel for discovery and testing purposes (surges up to 25%).

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Defense, national security, or aerospace domain familiarity through experience or education.
* Experience working in a developer focused product team (for example, in cloud services, SDK development, or internal platform infrastructure).
* Experience supporting test design and execution for technically complex, combined hardware/software systems.
* Experience with text planning and execution for combined hardware/software systems.
* Demonstrated interest in code generation technologies.

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
