---
title: Technical Field Operations Engineer
status: active
id: '5189898007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5189898007?gh_jid=5189898007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T17:14:57-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T14:57:04-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Imaging Engineering : Imaging - Mission Operations'
offices:
- Waltham, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

As a member of Anduril’s Mission Operations team, you will be responsible for deploying and supporting Anduril’s products all over the world. You will go forward with products early on in their lifecycle and work with engineering teams to iteratively improve them over time. The challenges you will encounter are innumerable and unpredictable, but you will be expected to take ownership of delivering the technical solution.  
  
You must be both a teacher and a student, able to coach teammates on systems that you’ve gained intimate familiarity with and then transition into mastering the next system. You’ll also guide users through product employment and troubleshooting, advise account managers on how to structure an operation to ensure technical success, and communicate specific recommendations for product refinement to engineering teams.

### ABOUT THE JOB

We are seeking an experienced Technical Operations Engineer with prior training and experience in a relevant engineering field, to integrate the Imaging families of systems into operational concepts of employment. You will serve as a subject matter expert on Anduril Imaging families of products to ensure that customers can take full advantage of our systems.  You will work cross functionally with Imaging Operations Leads, Technical Operations Engineers, and engineering functional leadership to address customer training, product deployment planning, technical documentation, and troubleshooting directly with customers.

#### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Serve in a customer-facing capacity, working directly with the Department of War to develop and deploy Anduril integrated hardware-software products to meet customer and operational needs.
* Support the delivery of contract deliverables such as training manuals, pre-deployment site surveys, and technical documentation.
* Tackle complex issues related to hardware, software, and networking in unstructured situations, driving them to resolution.
* Communicate field issue status to internal and customer teams, keeping them informed.
* Support the development and implementation of comprehensive operational and logistical plans for various events.
* Ensure high availability and performance of imaging systems.
* Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple functional teams and cross-functional initiatives.
* Provide end-to-end support including hardware setup and software configuration.
* Pre-configure systems and ensure seamless integration with program infrastructure.
* Troubleshoot issues in real-time, applying analytical thinking and hands-on problem-solving skills.
* Author training documentation and instructions for end users and internal program usage.
* Configure and troubleshoot networking environments, including firewalls, routers, switches, access points, and cloud based environments.

#### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 5+ years of experience of strong problem solving in unstructured environments at the interface of hardware, software, and networking.
* Strong mechanical and electrical aptitude and troubleshooting skills.
* Experience with command line Linux troubleshooting and operation.
* Experience translating and decomposing technical concepts into operational requirements and performance specifications.
* Experience in project management and product deployment roles.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Ability to travel more than 75% of the year to remote regions of the world for up to two months at a time, including to hazard zones.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Top Secret/SCI security clearance.

#### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* B.S. in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, computer science, or related technical field.
* Network+ and Linux+ or equivalent experience.
* Experience with employing EO/IR and Imaging systems in military operations from the tactical to operational-level.
* Prior military or overseas contracting experience.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
