---
title: RF Manufacturing Engineer
status: active
id: '5189532007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5189532007?gh_jid=5189532007
lastmod: '2026-07-23T11:20:06-04:00'
date: '2026-07-23T11:14:44-04:00'
location: Fort Collins, Colorado, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Battlespace Awareness Engineering : Battlespace Awareness Manufacturing'
offices:
- Fort Collins, CO (CO-12)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## ABOUT THE TEAM

The Anduril Battlespace Awareness Radar team develops state-of-the-art radar systems to tackle significant security challenges for America and its allies. The team is seeking an RF Manufacturing Engineer to help bridge the gap between radar hardware design and scalable production. They are responsible for all aspects of radar system development, from ideation through initial production. In this role, you will work closely with interdisciplinary technical teams — including RF engineers, systems engineers, and operations — to develop and optimize manufacturing processes for complex RF and electronic assemblies, ensuring radar systems transition smoothly from prototype to full-rate production.

## WHAT YOU'LL DO

* Own the development and optimization of manufacturing processes for RF electronic assemblies, from initial prototyping through transition to full production.
* Develop and maintain manufacturing process documentation including assembly instructions, workflow/routing, inspection plans, and tool and fixture designs for RF hardware and electronic subassemblies.
* Troubleshoot complex electrical and RF manufacturing issues on the production line, applying root cause analysis and corrective action methodologies to permanently resolve problems.
* Drive continuous improvement of manufacturing processes through data analysis, process capability studies, and application of best practices to improve yield, reduce cycle time, and decrease cost.
* Support design-for-manufacturability efforts by providing real-time feedback to RF and electrical design engineers on producibility, component selection, and assembly constraints.
* Develop and validate test procedures and fixtures for electronic products, components, and RF systems to ensure production quality and performance.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with design engineering, quality, supply chain, and operations teams to support new product introductions with accelerated time to market.
* Support critical customer-facing hardware demonstrations and use these interactions to better understand manufacturing requirements and end-user needs.
* Travel to test sites, supplier facilities, or partner locations as needed.

## REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* BS in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, or a related engineering field
* 3+ years of engineering experience in an electronics or RF hardware production environment
* Familiarity with RF Test Software such as Keysight IO library suite (BenchVue), NIMAX or equivalent
* Demonstrated experience with manufacturing processes for electronic assemblies, including SMT, soldering (J-STD-001 or equivalent), and board-level integration
* Ability to interpret complex engineering drawings, schematics and RF-specific specifications
* Hands-on troubleshooting skills with electronic and RF hardware, including the use of test equipment such as network analyzers, signal & spectrum analyzers, and oscilloscopes
* Strong problem-solving skills with experience applying root cause/corrective action (RCCA) or similar structured methodologies
* Excellent communication skills and ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, cross-functional team environment
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active Secret clearance

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Experience with RF design principals and RF-specific manufacturing processes such as waveguide assembly, antenna array fabrication, microwave component integration, or radar T/R module production
* Experience with RF and Antenna testing such as S-parameter characterization and antenna pattern measurement
* Familiarity with manufacturing execution systems (MES), SAP, or similar production management tools
* Experience with ECAD tools (e.g., Altium) for reviewing designs, troubleshooting issues and developing tooling/fixtures
* Experience interfacing with RF test equipment through manufacturer protocols (eg SCPI, GPIB, etc)
* Experience with programming or scripting (e.g., Python, VBA, SQL,) for process automation and data analysis
* Knowledge of EMI/EMC constraints and their impact on manufacturing and assembly processes
* Experience supporting the manufacture of complex electronic systems for defense or aerospace applications
* Experience leading or mentoring junior manufacturing engineers

US Salary Range

$111,000—$147,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
