---
title: Senior Director, Planning Process
status: active
id: '5189388007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5189388007?gh_jid=5189388007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T17:14:57-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T14:48:15-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Demand & Supply Planning : Demand & Supply Planning'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-13)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**Sr. Director Planning Process**

We are seeking a **Sr.** **Director of Planning Process** (Sr level based on experience) responsible for designing, implementing, and optimizing the Planning Processes that drive Anduril’s global planning operations. In this position, you will oversee the development and adoption of scalable planning processes that ensure efficient, secure, and compliant demand, supply, materials and production planning within the Divisional Planning teams. This role is critical to allow our divisions to seamlessly coordinate across engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, finance, and deployments, ensuring that Anduril systems are delivered on time and operate flawlessly in mission-critical environments. This role is ideal for a seasoned process and systems driven leader who thrives in high-growth, high-stakes environments and is passionate about optimizing planning processes to support mission and organizational success. You will directly impact Anduril’s ability to rapidly and effectively deliver critical defense solutions worldwide. An individual with a strategic mindset, driven by the challenge of scaling and refining processes and teams, and who flourishes in a high-stakes, mission-oriented setting will excel in this role.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* **Develop & Optimize Planning Processes**

+ Design and implement scalable, standardized S&OP, S&OE, and Materials Planning processes to ensure efficiency, quality, and repeatability across the company.
+ Establish requirements and new use cases that push our processes and tools to be a game changer for the company, and ensure seamless coordination between supply chain, manufacturing, engineering, finance, and deployments.
+ Set the standards, then identify gaps against that standard across the company using data, scorecards, metrics under full transparency. Identify (create, copy, etc) elegant solutions to complex problems and dissect all components in order to drive change and improvements, ensuring alignment with divisions and business units.
+ Support the expansion of the Central Planning team and tools to enable our businesses for real-time decisioning and risk mitigation as we hyperscale across the enterprise.

* **Drive Process Integration**

+ Partnering with Planning Systems Leadership, enable the integration and adoption and integration of various digital tools and analytics platforms to enhance operational effectiveness and accuracy.
+ Ensure that Planning has a seat at the table and voice on multiple ongoing companywide initiatives impacting planning.
+ Establish and run standardized Planning processes for new Business Lines and acquisitions (including staffing decisions, process implementation/adoption, and tools usage) until Business Line is capable to assume ownership.
+ Spearhead the development of a centralized knowledge repository for existing and new processes, best practice sharing, guidelines, and onboarding training materials across the organization.

* **Partner Cross-Functionally & Promote Stakeholder Engagement**

+ Build a team to serve as the primary interface between engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, finance, and deployments to align planning strategies, planning tools, and process inputs/outputs with business and customer needs.
+ Develop and maintain planning playbooks and SOPs, ensuring consistency and adherence to best practices.
+ Work with internal and external partners to implement scalable, effective, and cost-efficient planning solutions.

* **Build Team Leadership & Development Pathways**

+ Build and lead a high-performing planning process team, fostering a culture of excellence, innovation, speed, accuracy, and urgency.
+ Represent Planning needs, requirements, and deliverables within executive leadership forums.
+ Be an integral part of setting the 2-5 year strategic plan for your function and team.
+ Collaborate, lead, and positively influence cross-functional stakeholders to achieve results that are in the best interest of processes & strategy at all levels.
+ Provide mentorship and training to ensure team members are equipped with the technical and operational expertise to execute at the highest level.
+ Develop standardized onboarding and training programs for teams to improve operational effectiveness and consistency.
+ Maintain leadership effectiveness and efficiency while demonstrating the adaptability, flexibility, and versatility required in our dynamic work environment.

**QUALIFICATIONS**

* Master’s degree (or Bachelors with multiple years and role experience) in planning, supply chain, operations planning, operations finance, or a related field.
* 15+ years of direct leadership experience in S&OP, S&OE, Supply Chain (or eqivalent experience leading enterprise Supply Chain consulting engagements), or Materials Planning in a fast-growing industries
* 10+ years of proven experience in leading teams (direct or indirect) that manage the implementation of complex or large-scale planning systems and practices. (ex SAP, Oracle, IBP, Kinaxis, Manugistics, Palantir, etc)
* Expertise in Planning & Inventory Systems. Designing, implementing, adopting, and scaling complex systems and processes across an enterprise. (Kinaxis, IBP, Manugistics, etc).
* Experience in the practical integration/utilization of AI in a process environment. Automation of process, reporting, presentations to drive planning productivity.
* Track record of developing and implementing scalable, repeatable planning frameworks, processes, and strategies to improve efficiency and mission success within a global environment.
* Ability to manage directly and by influence across divisional and functional leadership teams.
* Exceptional communication, leadership, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required to enable effective change management with key stakeholders, other departments, and all levels of management.
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
