---
title: Mission Integration Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: '5189505007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5189505007?gh_jid=5189505007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T09:59:03-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T09:59:03-04:00'
location: Reston, Virginia, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Intelligence Systems Engineering : Deployment Operations'
offices:
- Reston, VA (NOVA-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**  
Anduril Intelligence Systems (AIS) is focused on positioning Anduril as a lead provider of specialized engineering and products for Intelligence Community (IC) customers. We work within the IC to understand their requirements, shape their concepts of operation, and deliver exquisite capability across their problem set. We aim to develop and deploy critically needed capabilities that address our customers’ most pressing niche requirements.  
  
  
**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We’re looking for a highly skilled and versatile Mission Integration Engineer. In this role, you’ll be the go-to person for hardware and software applications of our system while simultaneously assisting with curriculum development and the training of end users on new capabilities. You will work directly with customers in the field to ensure the seamless integration and operation of advanced technologies on the edge of national security.

* Provide end-to-end support including hardware setup and software configuration.
* Pre-configure systems and ensure seamless integration with program infrastructure.
* Troubleshoot issues in real-time, including hardware, software dependencies, firewalls, routers, switches, access points, and cloud-based environments applying analytical thinking and hands-on problem-solving skills.
* Author training documentation and instructions for end users and internal follow-on program usage.

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Currently possesses and can maintain an active U.S. Top Secret SCI security clearance.
* Willing to work on-site in Reston VA Monday – Friday when not traveling.
* Ability to travel to both domestic and OCONUS regions (up to 50% of the year). Travel could last between 30-45+ days at a time.
* Strong experience with Network+ and Linux+
* Knowledge of basic DC electrical systems.
* Proficient in working with hands and tools to assemble, repair, and maintain technical hardware in the field.
* Strong mechanical aptitude to troubleshoot and repair critical site infrastructure including generators, solar power systems, and hydraulic systems.
* Willingness to work with energetic material (warheads).
* Experience performing preventative maintenance on tower structure components including guy wires, anchors, lightning protection systems and other structural elements to ensure structural integrity and safety.
* Ability to work independently in the field and collaborate with customers and team members.
* Able to meet health and medical requirements in advance of deployments in accordance with DFARS 252.225-7040, DoDI 3020.41, and/or any additional requirements outlined by region or supporting force, as applicable.

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Military background is potentially helpful.
* Technical and operational roles within SOCOM, JSOC, and/or the IC are all significant pluses.
* Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent technical experience.

US Salary Range

$146,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
