---
title: Director, EW Core Tech
status: active
id: '5190418007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5190418007?gh_jid=5190418007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T01:06:10-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T01:06:10-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Mission Systems : Electromagnetic Warfare Engineering : EW'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### ABOUT THE TEAM

The Electromagnetic Warfare (EW) business line at Anduril develops radio frequency (RF) integrated systems and subsystems for ground, maritime, air, and space missions. Today, Anduril EW focuses on delivering solutions for counter unmanned systems (cUAS), multi-mission electromagnetic countermeasures (MM-ECM), airborne effects and survivability, and other specialized mission sets to the joint force. We take a software-defined, hardware-enabled approach that compresses traditional development cycles and delivers relevant outcomes to the warfighter.

### ABOUT THE JOB

The Director of EW Core Tech is a new leadership role within a new department that owns product development and program portfolio technical direction. The Core Technology department contains two groups: Product Engineering and Portfolio Chief Engineering. At Anduril, we develop core radio products that are applicable to multiple mission areas. Within our product engineering group, each product line has an architecture lead, product manager, software lead, and hardware lead that drives product development in response to market forces, mission need, and internal/external requirements. Within our portfolio chief engineering group, each mission area or collection of programs has a chief engineer, lead systems engineer, and technical project manager. This group is responsible for technical direction and execution against a portfolio of internal R&D projects, collaborative development contracts, and scaled deployment contracts.   
  
The Director of EW Core Tech works directly with the EW General Manager, Functional Leadership Team, and Growth & Strategy team to define technical strategy, technical vision, and ultimately own the outcomes within our program portfolio. This role will be deeply involved in all aspects of technical execution including product strategy and positioning, new product development, product sustainment, new product introduction, and program capture. The role will also manage our internal development processes including from concept screening, through scoping and planning, to concept review, design reviews, technical readiness reviews, manufacturing readiness reviews, and change control boards.

### WHAT YOU’LL DO

* Technical Leadership - Serve as the chief technologist of the business line, guiding technical vision and direction across a massive portfolio of capabilities. We have ambitions to become the center of the RF universe, you will lead entry and disruption across multiple domains and mission capability areas.
* Product Development - Refine and manage our product development process, from shark tank sessions through scaled manufacturing and mass distribution. You will work closely with product architects, hardware, software, program operations, production, operations, and growth to develop the next generation of world-class RF products.
* Program Execution - You will lead and scale a team of chief engineers and systems engineers that deliver capabilities and integrated systems to the joint force. Work on the hardest problems in defense and deliver effects at scale. Your work will impact battlefield outcomes.
* Strategic Planning - You will work with the BL general manager, head of growth and strategy, functional leads and other stakeholders to plot the future of EW and Anduril’s future in RF. The role includes significant input into internal investments, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, market entry, and strategic program capture.
* Process Ownership - Refine, develop, and manage processes for developing the right technologies, on tactically relevant timelines, within budget. We run this place two degrees more chaotic than any sane person would; your job is to embrace the chaos and build lightweight guardrails that produces exceptional outcomes.
* Customer Engagement - You’ll partner with customers to understand their mission needs and iterate quickly to field relevant technologies at scale. This is a wide-ranging role. You’ll find yourself talking to ground forces in combat zones, general officers at the Pentagon, and everyone in between. No two days will look alike.
* Lead and Scale a World Class Team - We have an exceptional and hungry team that is actively disrupting the EW domain. You will guide and mentor the team to get them to the next level, expand into new domains, and execute wildly complex programs on insane timelines.

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* A burning, inextinguishable desire to disrupt the status quo, develop novel solutions for mass distribution, and run through brick walls to deliver strategically-impactful outcomes for the warfighter.
* 10+ Years of experience developing integrated RF solutions for the US Department of War and US Intelligence Community across ground, maritime, air, and space domains.
* Experience designing, developing, and testing hardware with FPGA, ARM, x86, and GPU compute architecture.
* Deep understanding of Electronic Support Measures (ESM) and Electronic Counter Measures (ECM) architecture-Digital Signal Processing, Model & Simulation, SW/FW-techniques, RF/EE/Antenna design.
* Experience leading and coordinating cross-functional engineering teams.
* Experience executing technical millstones internally and externally (Concept Review, SRR, PDR, CDR, TRR, etc.).
* Enthusiasm around mentorship.
* Willingness to travel up to 20%
* Currently posses and is able to maintain an active U.S. Top Secret security clearance.

### PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Masters or PhD degree in Hardware or Software Engineering Disciplines or related fields.
* Breadth of experience in cUAS, cPNT, MM-ECM, airborne countermeasures, airborne survivability, electronic intelligence, signals intelligence, communications, and/or other advanced RF effects.
* Experience producing RF systems at scale.

US Salary Range

$220,000—$292,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
