---
title: 'AV Systems Administrator '
status: active
id: '5190224007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5190224007?gh_jid=5190224007
lastmod: '2026-07-22T14:16:39-04:00'
date: '2026-07-22T14:16:39-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : IT : IT Service'
offices:
- Washington, DC (999)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB**

#### **WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* We are seeking an AV Systems Administrator to maintain and support Anduril's AV infrastructure, ensuring all conferencing systems are operational and users are well-trained. The position is based at our Washington DC location but may involve travel to other sites.
* Oversee AV infrastructure across the organization, including hardware in conference rooms, All-Hands spaces, and training rooms.
* Keep systems updated with the latest operating systems, software, and applications to ensure availability during business hours.
* Provide specialized support for a variety of AV events, from podcasts to large-scale conferences.
* Design and install AV systems utilizing a standard design concept across a variety of work spaces.
* Assist in the coordination and implementation of new office, production floors, warehouses and other spaces requiring AV installations.
* Maintain the operability of meeting spaces, delivering swift resolutions to any technical issues.
* Address technical problems, including hardware, software, network, and service interruptions.
* Support end-users with the installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of AV systems.
* Escalate complex issues to relevant vendors or internal teams as required.
* Be available for weekly on-call duties to provide continuous system support.
* Travel as needed for new office setups and remote AV requirements. (Up to 30% Travel)

#### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent experience.
* Demonstrated expertise in AV system administration.
* Familiarity with AV software and conferencing tools (Zoom, MS Teams, etc.) and editing software (Adobe Photoshop, Premiere, OBS, Wirecast).
* Knowledge of AV equipment (Mixers, Mics, Cameras, Crestron, QSYS, etc.).
* Experience with virtualization technologies (VMware, Hyper-V).
* Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities with capacity to perform under pressure.
* Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal.
* Ability to work autonomously and collaboratively within a team.
* Experience with physical LV, AV, or other IT installation
* Experience managing contractors for events or construction projects.

#### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Experience working with variations of ticketing systems
* Effective organizational skills, managing your time, tasks, and resources to boost productivity, meet deadlines, and achieve goals
* Experience with Enterprise/Corporate AV Management Systems
* Experience in Live Audio and Video Production

US Hourly Range

$33—$43 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
