---
title: Game Development Engineer
status: active
id: '5191572007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5191572007?gh_jid=5191572007
lastmod: '2026-07-20T18:18:46-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T18:17:11-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Maritime & Maneuver Dominance : Maneuver Dominance Engineering : MD - Advanced
  Capabilities'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE TEAM**

Our team builds, tests, integrates, and scales software that beautifully visualizes both real and simulated historical or live data. Our software acts as the visual client for Anduril’s Mission Simulation product, bringing visions to life in a 2D environment as well as an immersive 3D AR environment. It lets users create “what ifs” to evaluate mission concepts, drive future mission tactics, and accelerate mission understanding. It is often used for Business Development and Engineering purposes.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Partner with stakeholders to establish clear priorities and define expectations which translate to a scope of work that you and the team can effectively deliver on
* Identify technical risks and their solutions, collaborating with the broader engineering groups at Anduril.
* Ensure client stability by diagnosing and resolving defects.
* Analyze and optimize both memory and performance in systems that must scale from high-end desktops to mobile AR systems
* Identify problems; solve them: implement robust, high-quality solutions

**REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Excellent C++ skills and software engineering principles
* Experience working in large codebases to solve complex problems.
* Minimum five years of professional programming experience
* Solid understanding of 3D math
* Ability to write clean, maintainable and extensible code with attention to reusability
* Experience in a broad range of engineering areas on shipping games or real time visualization systems, with special attention given to low-level code
* Excellent spoken and written communication
* Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Linux development experience
* Experience developing on console platforms.
* Shipped at least one AAA game title in a similar role.
* Be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Top Secret security clearance

US Salary Range

$166,000—$220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
