---
title: Manager, Launched Effects Technical Operations
status: active
id: '5191788007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5191788007?gh_jid=5191788007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T19:24:07-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T19:24:07-04:00'
location: Atlanta, Georgia, United States
departments:
- 'Programs : Deployments : Technical Operations'
offices:
- Atlanta, GA (ATL-01)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

## **About the Team**

The Tactical Recon & Strike (TRS) team at Anduril develops small aerial drones (Group 1-3) along with all the necessary equipment for testing, deployment, and operation. The team transforms products like Ghost, Anvil, Altius, and Bolt from initial concepts into operational systems. We work closely with specialized teams to tackle some of our customers' most complex challenges. Currently, we are seeking a Manager for our Technical Operations team on the Launched Effects business line (Altius product), where you will leverage your operational and technical expertise to shape and deploy a solution of maximum effectiveness and reliability. Your scope will include standing up forward-deployed operations in austere environments, ensuring the successful combat employment of Anduril products, and shaping the long-term sustainment of these products. In addition, you will be a core participant in customer demonstrations and customer trainings, and test events closer to home.

## **About the Job**

As a member of the Technical Operations team for TRS, you will play a critical role in bridging product engineering and deployed operations. You will be involved in unmanned air vehicle development programs, using your technical and operational expertise to deliver reliable solutions in challenging, remote environments. The Technical Operations team also plays an essential role in shaping the field sustainment of these products through various test and evaluation events, customer demonstrations, and deployments.

## What you’ll do

* Lead a large team of Technical Operations Engineers as they forward deploy to customer locations, test sites, and hazard zones to deploy the Altius product.
* Assist in event planning and resource allocation, keeping key stakeholders informed about Technical Operations requirements.
* Support the development and implementation of comprehensive operational and logistics plans for various events.
* Work cross functionally across both the Atlanta office, TRS division, and the whole of Anduril to ensure your team is supported and can accomplish the task.
* Develop and implement new processes and systems to benefit the team, track critical metrics, and help everyone perform at their best.
* Tackle complex issues related to hardware, software, and networking in unstructured situations, driving them to resolution.
* Maintain support plans for hardware and software.
* Support incident response root-cause analyses (RCAs) for air systems in the field.
* Conduct after-action reviews and implement preventive measures.
* Support events and military operations in the field by overseeing flight operations and interacting with customers directly.

## 

## What you’ll need

### REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 10+ years of leadership experience on teams of 5 or more people.
* 7-8 years of experience in technical field operations, deployment execution, or similar hands-on operational roles.
* Excellent communication skills; comfortable leading technical discussions and explaining complex concepts to diverse audiences.
* Ability to cater the message based on the audience. Can brief from the team level all the way up to the General Manager.
* Proven capability to mentor and develop team members.
* Proven ability to master a technical system and support it in austere environments; Demonstrate deep subject matter expertise and trusted track record of impact.
* Experience performing data-driven root cause analysis and troubleshooting on complex system
* Experience working with Department of War, U.S. Government, and foreign partner militaries.
* Willingness to travel up to 25% domestically and internationally, including to austere field environments and hazard zones.
* Eligibility to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret or Top Secret security clearance and support operations involving sensitive materials
* Willingness to work with energetics material (warheads)
* Must be able to obtain and maintain 14 CFR Part 107 and 14 CFR 61 Ground School
* Ability to meet health and medical requirements in advance of deployments in accordance with DFARS 252.225-7040, DoDI 3020.41, and/or any additional requirements outlined by region or supporting force, as applicable
* This role engages in physical activities, including but not limited to lifting and carrying items weighing up to 50 pounds for prolonged periods of time, among other things.
* Ability to relocate, if not already local, to Atlanta, GA

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* Prior military or overseas contracting experience
* Experience developing operational and logistics plans for moving people and equipment over long distances.
* Proficiency with work order management systems (e.g., JIRA, Foundry, Odoo) and configuration control processes.
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Technology, or related technical field.
* Strong understanding of networking, antenna concepts, and spectrum analysis

US Salary Range

$126,000—$167,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
