---
title: Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '5191862007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5191862007?gh_jid=5191862007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T14:13:58-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T14:13:58-04:00'
location: Irvine, California, United States; Seattle, Washington, United States
departments:
- 'AFS : Air Defense Engineering : Software Engineering'
offices:
- Irvine, CA (OC-62)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

The Air Defense team builds robots that find other robots and knock them out of the sky. At a time when air superiority can no longer be taken for granted, the Air Defense Team provides mission critical capabilities to warfighters. From detection to tracking, identification, deterrence, and defeat, our family of networked sensors and effectors enables our customers to rapidly close the kill chain against a broad range of Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) threats. Working across product, engineering, sales, logistics, operations, and mission success, the Air Defense team develops, tests, deploys, and sustains the Anduril Air Defense Family of Systems (FoS) in challenging operational environments worldwide.  
  
As a Software Technical Program Manager on the Air Defense Engineering Team you’ll own efforts to ensure that the Air Defense Software Team is operating effectively and efficiently. You will be owning the operational aspects of a large engineering team and partnering with engineering leads to optimize and scale team output, and ensure overall execution towards business goals.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

* Help to define the roadmap for the Air Defense Software team while working with partner engineering teams to ensure that the organization’s technical roadmap is well understood and that programs and staffing are aligned with the roadmap.
* Autonomously execute on broad and/or ambiguous requirements from internal engineering, program office, and third party corporate partners to own successful delivery of outcomes on multiple programs simultaneously
* Partner deeply with engineering leaders to drive successful program execution and team velocity across groups of software teams and more broadly across departments. Be an effective proxy in program and organizational matters to help engineering leads scale.
* Demonstrate high ownership on all pieces of work; become a trusted partner to Anduril’s engineers
* Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple functional teams and cross-functional initiatives. Instill an efficient project management mindset and workflow across the teams.
* Identify and resolve systemic execution issues across the team or group that require broader initiatives to resolve.
* Partner with product leads to scope, staff, and deliver capabilities to achieve company milestones
* Identify, resolve, escalate key cross team dependencies.
* Support leads with quarterly and ongoing staffing plans across the organization, particularly where difficult prioritization conflicts exist.
* Track and communicate the progress of the team or group’s key programs. Define efficient processes for communicating group program status more broadly.
* Remove obstacles to drive clarity and progress, identify gaps in communication or schedule, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities, and drive results proactively.
* Understand technical implementation at the architectural level and propose technical alternatives when necessary; ask questions that clarify priorities.

### **CORE REQUIREMENTS:**

* Minimum of 5+ years experience as a Technical Program Manager, Technical Product Manager, Engineering Manager, or Engineer in a software development environment.
* Solid technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, software development lifecycle, challenges and risks; ability to work closely and effectively with engineering teams.
* strong process and organization skills
* strong written / verbal communication skills
* Ability to describe and figure out the shape of a problem and work through a solution
* Experience running projects and processes with little oversight; can unblock themselves
* Strong execution & prioritization spikes
* Highly developed analytical and communication skills
* High grit, proactive, and enthusiastic

### **PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Experience in building programs for software deliverables from ground up
* Ability to work within organizations with minimal structure and with minimal direction
* Experience is rolling out potentially disruptive organizational process changes
* Experience with creating communication plans for various levels of stakeholders
* Strong technical, analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive decisions
* Experience with tools like JIRA and Confluence
* Professional certifications such as CISSP, OSCP, GIAC-PEN, Prosci, SAFe or PMP
* Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or an Engineering discipline

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
