---
title: Program Manager, Classified Systems
status: active
id: '5192231007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5192231007?gh_jid=5192231007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T11:33:20-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T11:33:20-04:00'
location: Costa Mesa, California, United States
departments:
- 'Corporate Technology : Classified Systems : Classified Operations'
offices:
- Costa Mesa, CA (OC-00)
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

**ABOUT THE JOB**  
We’re seeking a Program Manager to drive sustainment activities and Program delivery through ATO for multiple classified customers. You will have the opportunity to work on net new programs, process improvement, and Program structure and delivery. This role requires a unique blend of program management experience, customer focus, and an understanding of the defense sector. You will work closely with engineering, cyber-assurance, support, and business stakeholders to provide real-time support and exceed the expectations of our customers and partners.  
  
**WHAT YOU’LL DO**

* Drive sustainment excellence through action and detailed, accurate reporting.
* Partner with other stakeholders to understand their requirements, processes end-to-end, and learn their pain points to effectively align.
* Coordinate routine reviews, change control, team meetings, and documentation submissions.
* Help maintain project records, requirement traceability, and action items in formal tracking systems.
* Escalate risks or blockers and take direction to resolve basic issues.
* Contribute to process improvement and documentation quality across assigned projects.
* Own cross-team projects and programs from inception to completion with the ability to prioritize and balance competing organizational needs.
* Proactively communicate the organization’s goals and updates consistently and effectively with leadership.

### **REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS**

* Exhibit a natural inclination for ownership, accountability, and action.
* Solid understanding of IT service delivery, infrastructure, and government program environments.
* Excellent organizational, coordination, and multitasking capabilities to manage numerous concurrent projects.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills, with high attention to detail with the ability to translate technical details into business terms.
* Strong analytical and critical thinking skills to diagnose and resolve complex issues.
* 7 years experience in government programs, specifically in secure spaces.
* 5 years experience in Project or Program Management or other leadership roles.
* Willingness to travel
* Active U.S. Top Secret Clearance
* PMP, ITIL, Industry Agile certifications are a plus

### 

US Salary Range

$112,000—$194,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
