---
title: Production Coordinator
status: active
id: '5192072007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/andurilindustries/jobs/5192072007?gh_jid=5192072007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T10:25:06-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T10:25:06-04:00'
location: Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
departments:
- 'Manufacturing : Imaging Production : Imaging - Manufacturing Operations'
offices:
- Waltham, MA
---

Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

### **ABOUT THE JOB:**

As an Production Coordinator at Anduril, you'll play a crucial role in maintaining efficient production flow and inventory management. This position requires a detail-oriented individual who can effectively coordinate with multiple teams, manage complex logistics, and drive continuous improvement in our inventory processes. You'll be at the heart of our production system, ensuring that materials move smoothly through our facilities and that our data systems accurately reflect our inventory status.

#### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Manage production flow by monitoring, tracking, and moving parts to ensure timely delivery
* Coordinate parts movement through various stages including receiving, stock rooms, and production
* Ensure proper handling and protection of parts according to Anduril specifications
* Manage off-site processing of parts to meet delivery schedules
* Collaborate with planning, procurement, engineering, and production teams to maintain accurate MRP/ERP data
* Assist in resolving data discrepancies that affect demand, schedules, or system integrity
* Develop and analyze metrics to optimize inventory management
* Communicate part status and completion estimates to leadership weekly
* Support logistics processes through innovative workflow staging
* Manage material certifications and prevent use of uncertified materials
* Work with production supervisors to ensure completion of metric-driven actions
* Support "return to stock" and inventory purge actions
* Develop and maintain reports for internal and customer use

#### **QUALIFICATIONS:**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 1+ years of experience supporting administrative processes
* Strong computer skills, familiar with the full suite of MS Office products
* 1+ years of Inventory experience and experience organizing files and documents
* Knowledge of MRP/ERP systems
* Experience in aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic manufacturing environment
* Eligible to obtain and maintain an active U.S. Secret security clearance

US Hourly Range

$32—$43 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

### **Benefits**

At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. *For more information, [Explore Our Benefits](https://www.anduril.com/careers).*

### **Protecting Yourself from Recruitment Scams**

Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, luring job seekers with false interviews or job offers. These scammers often attempt to extract payment or sensitive personal information.

To ensure your safety and help you navigate your job search with confidence, please keep the following critical points in mind:

* **No Financial Requests:**Anduril will never solicit payment or demand personal financial details (such as banking information, credit card numbers, or social security numbers) at any stage of our hiring process. Our legitimate recruitment is entirely free for candidates.
* **Please always verify communications:**
  + Direct from Anduril: If you receive an email from one of our recruiters, it will *only* come from an `@anduril.com` address.
  + Via Agency Partner: If contacted by a recruiting agency for an Anduril role, their email will clearly identify their agency. If you suspect any suspicious activity, please verify the agency's authenticity by reaching out to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com).
* **Exercise Caution with Unsolicited Outreach:** If you receive any communication that appears suspicious, contains grammatical errors, or makes unusual requests, do not engage. Always confirm the sender's email domain is @anduril.com before providing any personal information or clicking on links.
* **What to Do If You Suspect Fraud:** Should you encounter any questionable or fraudulent outreach claiming to be from Anduril, please report it immediately to [contact@anduril.com](mailto:contact@anduril.com). Your proactive caution is invaluable in protecting your personal information and upholding the security and trustworthiness of our recruitment efforts.

### 

### **Data Privacy**

To view Anduril's candidate data privacy policy, please visit <https://anduril.com/applicant-privacy-notice/>. 

By submitting your application, you consent to Anduril Industries using a third-party service provider to conduct pre-employment risk, integrity, and due diligence screening and assessing potential risks as part of your application process. This third-party service provider provides risk-intelligence services that may include analysis of sanctions and watchlists, adverse media, public-record information, and other lawful open-source or commercial data sources. This third-party service provider does not act as a consumer reporting agency. Use of this provider helps to ensure compliance with applicable laws and protect technology, intellectual property, and organizational security.
