---
title: AI Engagement Manager
status: active
id: 37be5175-5a9a-4bee-9b5e-fb475350806b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/runway-ml/37be5175-5a9a-4bee-9b5e-fb475350806b
lastmod: '2025-06-20T20:32:03.620+00:00'
date: '2025-06-20T20:32:03.620+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Commercial
compensation: $145K – $270K
---

We are building AI to simulate the world through merging art and science.  
  
We believe that world models are at the frontier of progress in artificial intelligence. Language models alone won’t solve the world’s hardest problems – robotics, disease, scientific discovery. Real progress requires models that experience the world and learn from their mistakes, the same way that humans do. And this kind of trial and error can be massively accelerated when done in simulation, rather than in the real world.  
  
World models offer the most clear path to general-purpose simulation, changing how stories are told, how scientific progress is made and how the next frontiers of humanity are reached.

Our team consists of creative, open minded, caring and ambitious people who are determined to change the world. We aspire to continuously build impossible things and our ability to do so relies on building an incredible team. If you are driven to do the same, we'd love to hear from you.

## About the role

*\*Open to hiring remote across the US and London— we also have offices in NYC, San Francisco, Seattle, and London*

We are looking for a highly-motivated senior IC who will work with some of Runway’s biggest and most strategic partners. You will be central to our partners’ success in adopting Runway to transform the ways they create content. Success in this role will require a mix of technical fluency, strategic thinking, and hands-on execution.

## What you’ll do

* Own deep, trusted C-suite level relationships with Runway's most strategic partners (from Hollywood studios to Fortune 100 enterprises) ensuring they're not just customers, but long-term partners at the frontier of AI-driven creativity and innovation
* Be in the room where it happens: collaborating directly with world-class creative teams at the biggest Hollywood studios, brands, and F100 companies to co-create Emmy award-winning shows, Oscar-winning movies, Super Bowl commercials, and cultural moments that define a generation
* Operate as a strategic thought partner internally: codifying the use cases we know work today while pioneering the ones that don't exist yet, and translating both into initiatives that shape Runway's product strategy and industry positioning
* Get embedded within accounts to learn and understand their (content) pain points and challenges today, then propose discrete ways in which Runway can solve those challenges
* Identify and prototype specific and highly targeted new markets and new opportunities for our products
* Develop a deep, functional and technical understanding of our products and future roadmap
* Be hands-on in quickly onboarding new partners to our platform and/or API while also supporting their long-term expansion and technical understanding of how to leverage Runway
* Provide high-impact feedback to Product, Engineering, and Creative which can in turn improve the product experience for our partners
* Analyze, track, and report on the performance of existing partnerships leveraging BI tools and data

## What you’ll need

* 5+ years of overall experience in customer-facing roles, engaging C-level technical audiences with complex global organizations ideally within tech, finance, or consulting
* Have led complex implementations of Generative AI/traditional ML solutions and can drive measurable business outcomes
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities with expansive ownership and ruthlessly prioritize
* A strong bias towards action and belief that no task is too small for you
* Have a track record of rapidly prototyping ideas and a willingness to work iteratively with your customers to deliver the right solution that solves their problem
* Possess exceptional presentation and communication skills, particularly when engaging with executives and leaders
* High technical aptitude for understanding complex technologies, tools, systems, and issues
* Mindset to think creatively and think beyond past checklists and playbooks
* Highly resourceful with the ability to create structure and work autonomously amidst ambiguity
* Nice to have but not required: experience with data tooling and BI systems (SQL, BigQuery, Retool, etc)
* New York, SF, or London-based preferred

Runway strives to recruit and retain exceptional talent from diverse backgrounds while ensuring pay equity for our team. Our salary ranges are based on competitive market rates for our size, stage and industry, and salary is just one part of the overall compensation package we provide.

There are many factors that go into salary determinations, including relevant experience, skill level and qualifications assessed during the interview process, and maintaining internal equity with peers on the team. The range shared below is a general expectation for the function as posted, but we are also open to considering candidates who may be more or less experienced than outlined in the job description. In this case, we will communicate any updates in the expected salary range.

Lastly, the provided range is the expected salary for candidates in the U.S. Outside of those regions, there may be a change in the range, which again, will be communicated to candidates.

### **Working at Runway**

[**Great things come from great teams.**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwmj4ato2kw&ab_channel=Runway) **We’d love to hear from you.**

We’re committed to creating a space where our employees can bring their full selves to work and have equal opportunity to succeed. So regardless of race, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, origin, ability, age, veteran status, if joining this mission speaks to you, we encourage you to apply.

More about Runway

* [Universal World Simulator](https://runwayml.com/world-simulator.html)
* [GWM-1](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1)
* [Gen-4.5](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gen-4.5)
* [General World Models](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-general-world-models)
* [Robotics SDK](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1#robotics-section)
* [Conversational Real-time Agents](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1#avatars-section)
* [Runway Studios](https://runwayml.com/studios)

We're excited to be recognized as a best place to work:

[Crain's](https://www.crainsnewyork.com/awards/best-places-work-2023) | [InHerSight](https://www.inhersight.com/companies/best/city/new-york-city-ny) | [BuiltIn NYC](https://builtin.com/awards/new-york-city/2024/best-places-to-work) | [INC](https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2024)
