---
title: API Deployment Manager
status: active
id: 67594584-5c50-42e8-a7ff-7c53daf5be88
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/runway-ml/67594584-5c50-42e8-a7ff-7c53daf5be88
lastmod: '2026-02-04T23:22:21.279+00:00'
date: '2026-02-04T23:22:21.279+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Commercial
compensation: $145K – $270K
---

We are building AI to simulate the world through merging art and science.  
  
We believe that world models are at the frontier of progress in artificial intelligence. Language models alone won’t solve the world’s hardest problems – robotics, disease, scientific discovery. Real progress requires models that experience the world and learn from their mistakes, the same way that humans do. And this kind of trial and error can be massively accelerated when done in simulation, rather than in the real world.  
  
World models offer the most clear path to general-purpose simulation, changing how stories are told, how scientific progress is made and how the next frontiers of humanity are reached.

Our team consists of creative, open minded, caring and ambitious people who are determined to change the world. We aspire to continuously build impossible things and our ability to do so relies on building an incredible team. If you are driven to do the same, we'd love to hear from you.

## About the role

*\*Open to hiring remote across the US — we also have offices in NYC, San Francisco, and Seattle*

We are looking for a highly-motivated senior IC who will work with some of Runway’s biggest and most strategic API partners. You will be central to our partners’ success in adopting Runway to transform the ways they create content. Success in this role will require a mix of technical fluency, strategic thinking, and hands-on execution.

## What you’ll do

* Own and maintain strong relationships with our top API partners, serving as their primary technical point of contact to ensure long-term alignment and collaboration.
* Own full post-sale success: onboarding, adoption, renewal, and expansion for key accounts. Runway's partners include Fortune 100 companies, some of the largest Hollywood studios, award-winning advertising and marketing agencies, leading technology companies, e-commerce platforms, and more.
* Conduct technical discovery sessions to bridge Runway's API capabilities with our partners' most complex challenges- get embedded with accounts to understand their content generation needs and technical infrastructure to architect scalable, production-ready solutions.
* Identify and prototype specific and highly targeted new markets and new opportunities for our products
* Develop a deep, functional and technical understanding of our products and future roadmap
* Be hands-on in quickly onboarding new partners to our API Developer Portal while also supporting their long-term expansion and technical understanding of how to leverage Runway
* Triage and resolve technical escalations, working cross-functionally with Engineering to investigate API issues
* Provide high-impact feedback to Product, Engineering, and Creative which can in turn improve the product experience for our partners
* Analyze, track, and report on the performance of existing partnerships leveraging BI tools and data

## What you’ll need

* 5+ years of overall experience in technical customer-facing roles, such as Solutions Engineering, Technical Account Management or Developer Relations, engaging technical stakeholders at complex global organizations.
* Have led complex implementations of Generative AI/traditional ML solutions and can drive measurable business outcomes
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities with expansive ownership and ruthlessly prioritize
* A strong bias towards action and belief that no task is too small for you
* Have a track record of rapidly prototyping ideas and applications using AI-powered APIs, and a willingness to work iteratively with your customers to deliver the right solution that solves their problem
* Exceptional ability to translate complex technical concepts for both technical and non-technical stakeholders
* Possess exceptional presentation and communication skills, particularly when engaging with executives and leaders
* Mindset to think creatively and think beyond past checklists and playbooks
* Highly resourceful with the ability to create structure and work autonomously amidst ambiguity
* Experience with data tooling and BI systems (SQL, BigQuery, Retool, etc)
* New York or SF-based preferred

Runway strives to recruit and retain exceptional talent from diverse backgrounds while ensuring pay equity for our team. Our salary ranges are based on competitive market rates for our size, stage and industry, and salary is just one part of the overall compensation package we provide.

There are many factors that go into salary determinations, including relevant experience, skill level and qualifications assessed during the interview process, and maintaining internal equity with peers on the team. The range shared below is a general expectation for the function as posted, but we are also open to considering candidates who may be more or less experienced than outlined in the job description. In this case, we will communicate any updates in the expected salary range.

Lastly, the provided range is the expected salary for candidates in the U.S. Outside of those regions, there may be a change in the range, which again, will be communicated to candidates.

### **Working at Runway**

[**Great things come from great teams.**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwmj4ato2kw&ab_channel=Runway) **We’d love to hear from you.**

We’re committed to creating a space where our employees can bring their full selves to work and have equal opportunity to succeed. So regardless of race, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, origin, ability, age, veteran status, if joining this mission speaks to you, we encourage you to apply.

More about Runway

* [Universal World Simulator](https://runwayml.com/world-simulator.html)
* [GWM-1](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1)
* [Gen-4.5](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gen-4.5)
* [General World Models](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-general-world-models)
* [Robotics SDK](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1#robotics-section)
* [Conversational Real-time Agents](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1#avatars-section)
* [Runway Studios](https://runwayml.com/studios)

We're excited to be recognized as a best place to work:

[Crain's](https://www.crainsnewyork.com/awards/best-places-work-2023) | [InHerSight](https://www.inhersight.com/companies/best/city/new-york-city-ny) | [BuiltIn NYC](https://builtin.com/awards/new-york-city/2024/best-places-to-work) | [INC](https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2024)
