---
title: ⚙️ Senior/Staff Product Engineer
status: active
id: 6dc52fd2-0ec0-4d93-9c67-23ebe95c2c4b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/runway/6dc52fd2-0ec0-4d93-9c67-23ebe95c2c4b
lastmod: '2025-06-09T20:23:13.458+00:00'
date: '2025-06-09T20:23:13.458+00:00'
location: North America
departments:
- EPD
- Engineering
---

# **About Runway**

Runway is a collaborative business planning platform designed to make business intuitively understandable for everyone.

**Our Mission**: **To make business accessible and understandable to everyone.** We believe that teams that understand the “why” behind their work are more productive and make better decisions. True alignment and collaboration come from having a shared source of truth that everyone understands.

**Our Approach**: Runway replaces traditional spreadsheets with a modern planning platform that brings clarity and context to business operations for all teams — not just finance. Just as Figma made design accessible across the organization, Runway does the same for business planning.

**Why It Matters:** Understanding requires more than just access to numbers; real collaboration happens when teams see how their work fits into the bigger picture. By providing this context, Runway helps teams save time and move faster.

**Our Customers**: World-class companies like AngelList, Superhuman, Stability.AI, ConvertKit, Lambda Labs, Lob, and SandboxVR rely on Runway to run their businesses more efficiently.

**Our Investors**: We are supported by a select group of investors that we admire, including Garry Tan (YC & Initialized), a16z, Elad Gil, Naval Ravikant, Dylan Field (founder of Figma), Eric Ries, Claire Hughes Johnson (COO of Stripe), Henry Ward (founder of Carta), Akshay Kothari (COO of Notion), Eugene Wei, Lenny Rachitsky, Nikita Bier, Scott Belsky, Soleio Cuervo, Balaji Srinivasan, and many others.

# **Working at Runway**

We're early, so you'll have an opportunity to shape not just our product, but the company itself: who we work with, and how we work together.

We strive to be clear in our communication and over-communicate by default.

We're remote-first, so you can work from anywhere in North America. However, we also believe in the value of face-time to solve really hard problems, so we:

* Meet together as a company every quarter in our San Francisco office.
* Open up offices in places with many teammates (we currently have offices in SF and NYC).
* Make it easy to fly out and meet together.

Below are the values we share as a team, so if you like these, you’ll enjoy working here.

## **Our Values**

* 💩 **Give a Shit**: Giving a shit can’t be taught. It’s an inner drive that compels you to do what’s right and do it well. Have passion, take pride, and care deeply about your impact.
* 💡**Create Clarity**: Cut through ambiguity and reveal the truth. Start with why, then answer how and what. Treat problems like puzzles, dig deeper, and find the right path.
* 🤝 **Build Trust**: With trust, it’s safe to take risks. We get there by being open, honest, and accountable. Actively listen, speak your mind, and consistently show up.
* **✨ Raise the Bar**: Scrap the status quo and push yourself to create something that wows. Get others excited to do the same. Iterate, elevate, and don’t stop moving forward.

# **What you’ll do**

* **Build product** - As part of the engineering team and working across the stack at Runway, you'll be working closely with design and product to plan, architect, and implement our core product. We iterate on the product experience to get it right, working in small batches and moving fast to deliver value for customers.
* **Build our technical foundation** - Work we do today can make our future work better and faster. Since our product is tackling a complex problem, we’ll need to build a foundation that is flexible and allows us to adapt to a wide variety of product needs.
* **Grow the team** - Everyone on the early team plays an important role in attracting, closing, and growing other talented team members. The biggest factor in our ability to build amazing products is the team, so we look to you to help set the example for the kind of team we all want to build together.

## **What you could work on**

* Building a brand-new modeling experience that captures our learnings of the past few years.
* Building realtime collaboration tools like git-style branching, comments, and user presence.
* Scaling our frontend to support a beautiful and fluid UX backed by millions of rows of customer data.
* Developing AI features that take the tedium out of modeling and help customers better understand their businesses.
* Best in-class data visualization and analysis tools that our customers can proudly share with their investors and employees.

# **We’d love to hear from if you have…**

* **An ownership mindset** - We position our team to understand customer problems, give you the autonomy to find the best path forward, and expect you to own the solutions.
* **5+ years of professional fullstack engineering experience** - We’re looking for somebody comfortable with solving hard technical problems, refactoring when needed, and knowing what’s enough and what’s too much to solve a problem. *Staff-level experience is a plus.*
* **A track record of building high-quality products fast** - Runway’s got big ambitions to be the best way since Excel to model your business. This is a high standard - and we need folks that can live up to it. We’re also a startup and that means we have to work quickly.
* **A growth mindset** - We’re looking for people who take pride in their work and are always looking to improve it. If your work doesn’t matter to you, it won’t end up mattering to our customers. If you’re not growing, your impact won’t grow either.
* **A collaborative approach to your work** - We’re looking for somebody who loves to solve customer problems - and not just in the engineering silo. You’ll work with PM, design, CX, sales, marketing, and users to build the product. You’ll also work with all of us to shape the culture.

## **Bonus Points**

* Working on or leading development on a large web application
* Expertise in React & TypeScript
* Previously have been a founder or worked at startups
* Interest in taking our developer tooling to the next level (including adopting cutting-edge AI tech)
* Experience with building out product infrastructure, e.g. Vercel

---------------------------------------

The base salary range for this full-time position is $190,000-$245,000 + generous early employee equity + benefits. The range displayed in this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salary for this position. Within the range, individual pay is determined by various factors, including job-related skills (as uncovered during the interview process), experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in this posting reflect the **base salary only**, and do not include equity, benefits, or potential performance related bonuses.
