---
title: Europe Communications Lead
status: active
id: d42a8b81-3fa8-4fc7-8e0c-1647fc58c358
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/runway-ml/d42a8b81-3fa8-4fc7-8e0c-1647fc58c358
lastmod: '2026-06-11T16:02:23.862+00:00'
date: '2026-06-11T16:02:23.862+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Marketing & Creative
compensation: £100K – £145K
---

We are building AI to simulate the world through merging art and science.  
  
We believe that world models are at the frontier of progress in artificial intelligence. Language models alone won’t solve the world’s hardest problems – robotics, disease, scientific discovery. Real progress requires models that experience the world and learn from their mistakes, the same way that humans do. And this kind of trial and error can be massively accelerated when done in simulation, rather than in the real world.  
  
World models offer the most clear path to general-purpose simulation, changing how stories are told, how scientific progress is made and how the next frontiers of humanity are reached.

Our team consists of creative, open minded, caring and ambitious people who are determined to change the world. We aspire to continuously build impossible things and our ability to do so relies on building an incredible team. If you are driven to do the same, we'd love to hear from you.

### About the role

*Open to hiring remote across Europe – we also have offices in London and Tel Aviv.*

We are looking for exceptional Europe-based communications leaders who are passionate about AI research and frontier model development. You'll build and run Runway's Europe Communications function as our first international communications hire, owning our narrative and approach to European media and events. As a member of the Communications team, you’ll be on the cutting edge of bringing world models to the public. We work with reporters, editors, bloggers and other influencers to tell stories about Runway and the potential of our technology to change how we experience and interact with the world. We partner cross-functionally to create messaging for new products and other initiatives, counter misinformation and shape our reputation.

### What you’ll do

* Lead communications strategy development and execution for Europe

  + Oversee and engage in high touch media relations activities, including proactive outreach, announcements, media briefings, background conversations and spokesperson training, to secure positive coverage and manage Runway’s reputation effectively
  + Enhance press understanding of Runway’s mission, research and technology via earned media programs that result in high-impact coverage
  + Build and maintain key relationships with UK and European media, conference organizers, researchers and other external industry stakeholders
  + Develop and implement integrated, localized communication strategies that support Runway’s goals and reflect the unique cultural, social and political landscapes within various European markets
* Collaborate closely with the rest of the PR team as well as key cross functional teams including Safety, Legal, Partnerships, Marketing, Growth and Deployment, Product, Research and Engineering
* Responsible for some executive comms, including developing talking points and FAQs
* Draft and own market-specific announcements such as partnerships, investments and expansion plans
* Oversee region-specific awards and speaking programs in partnership with Global Communications team; Manage speaking opportunities for executives
* Support Communications, Marketing and Brand teams on Runway-owned events
* Work closely with our Research, Engineering, Product, Marketing, Legal and Policy teams to share market insights and identify potential storytelling opportunities

### What you’ll need

* 7+ years of overall experience in a communications role, either within agencies or within high-growth technology companies
* Demonstrated experience building and maintaining relationships with key reporters at top tier publications
* Demonstrated experience identifying and working with new and non-traditional forms of media – research journals, niche engineering and research podcasts, up-and-coming influential voices, etc.
* Ability to synthesize and translate highly complex technical information to a mass audience
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to articulate complex ideas clearly and persuasively
* Ability to manage multiple projects quickly and simultaneously with minimal oversight
* Ability to thrive in a constantly changing and growing environment

Runway strives to recruit and retain exceptional talent from diverse backgrounds while ensuring pay equity for our team. Our salary ranges are based on competitive market rates for our size, stage and industry, and salary is just one part of the overall compensation package we provide.

There are many factors that go into salary determinations, including relevant experience, skill level and qualifications assessed during the interview process, and maintaining internal equity with peers on the team. The range shared below is a general expectation for the function as posted, but we are also open to considering candidates who may be more or less experienced than outlined in the job description. In this case, we will communicate any updates in the expected salary range.

Lastly, the provided range is the expected salary for candidates in the U.S. Outside of those regions, there may be a change in the range, which again, will be communicated to candidates.

### **Working at Runway**

[**Great things come from great teams.**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwmj4ato2kw&ab_channel=Runway) **We’d love to hear from you.**

We’re committed to creating a space where our employees can bring their full selves to work and have equal opportunity to succeed. So regardless of race, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, origin, ability, age, veteran status, if joining this mission speaks to you, we encourage you to apply.

More about Runway

* [Universal World Simulator](https://runwayml.com/world-simulator.html)
* [GWM-1](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1)
* [Gen-4.5](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gen-4.5)
* [General World Models](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-general-world-models)
* [Robotics SDK](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1#robotics-section)
* [Conversational Real-time Agents](https://runwayml.com/research/introducing-runway-gwm-1#avatars-section)
* [Runway Studios](https://runwayml.com/studios)

We're excited to be recognized as a best place to work:

[Crain's](https://www.crainsnewyork.com/awards/best-places-work-2023) | [InHerSight](https://www.inhersight.com/companies/best/city/new-york-city-ny) | [BuiltIn NYC](https://builtin.com/awards/new-york-city/2024/best-places-to-work) | [INC](https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2024)
