---
title: Machine Learning, Platform Engineer
status: archived
id: '4835988007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/4835988007
lastmod: '2026-05-07T18:46:42-04:00'
date: '2025-08-22T00:31:16-04:00'
location: 'San Francisco '
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### **About the Role**

Our team focuses on enabling custom models and dedicated inference on Together. We are responsible for building a container platform, optimizing autoscaling, minimizing cold starts, achieving the best end-to-end model performance, and providing a best-in-class developer experience with great tooling. We often focus on video or audio generation across the stack: CUDA kernels, pytorch optimization, inference engines, container orchestration, queueing theory, etc. An ideal candidate will be great at profiling/optimization but know the word kubernetes, or be intimately familiar with multi-cluster scheduling and have some sense of ML bottlenecks.

### Responsibilities

* New hires may work on multi-cluster orchestration, portfolio optimization, predictive autoscaling, control panes, model bring-up, model optimization, APIs for managing deployments, inference worker SDKs, and CLI tools.
* Analyze and improve the robustness and scalability of existing distributed systems, APIs, databases, and infrastructure
* Partner with product teams to understand functional requirements and deliver solutions that meet business needs
* Write clear, well-tested, and maintainable software and IaC for both new and existing systems
* Conduct design and code reviews, create developer documentation, and develop testing strategies for robustness and fault tolerance

### Requirements

* 5+ years of demonstrated experience in building large scale, fault tolerant, distributed systems.
* Experience running serverless inference platforms, doing model bring-up on short notice, being on call, or running a cloud provider is a very big plus
* Good taste and ability to thoughtfully discuss how what you’ve built has failed over time
* Experience designing, analyzing and improving efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources
* Excellent understanding of low level operating systems concepts including concurrency, networking and storage, performance and scale
* Expert-level programmer in one or more of Python, Golang, Rust, C++, or Haskell
* Proficiency in writing and maintaining Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using tools like Terraform
* Experience with Kubernetes internals or other container orchestration systems
* Sound judgement for when to use **and when to not use** LLMs for code
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
* Writing-heavy roles or companies are a plus

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers and engineers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance and other competitive benefits. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $160,000 - $250,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our privacy policy at <https://www.together.ai/privacy>
