---
title: Senior Technical Recruiter
status: archived
id: '4961121007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/togetherai/jobs/4961121007
lastmod: '2026-05-11T16:39:43-04:00'
date: '2025-10-30T12:23:13-04:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Human Resources
offices:
- San Francisco
---

### **About the Role**

Together AI is building the AI Acceleration Cloud. We are building an end-to-end platform for the generative AI lifecycle, integrating fast, reliable inference and model-shaping services with cutting-edge AI cloud infrastructure. We seek a seasoned Senior Technical Recruiter to collaborate with Engineering leaders to drive hiring for diverse roles within our team.

### **Responsibilities**

* Partner with executives and engineering leadership to assess current and future hiring needs in core engineering functions
* Manage the candidate journey from sourcing handoff to offer stage, ensuring a seamless and exceptional experience.
* Provide market intelligence, funnel metrics, and competitive insights to shape hiring strategies and influence decisions.
* Collaborate with sourcers, coordinators, and recruiters to streamline processes and deliver a consistent, brand-aligned candidate experience.
* Act as a strategic thought partner to leaders, scaling from concept to execution with data-driven insights, creativity, and sound judgment.

### **Requirements**

* 5+ years of technical recruiting experience in high-growth tech environments.
* Proven success in hiring for hyperscale startups
* Strong ability to build and maintain relationships with leadership and hiring teams.
* You thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment with rapidly shifting priorities.
* Expertise in designing new interview processes and hiring strategies from the ground up.
* You adapt gracefully under pressure and navigate changing priorities with ease.
* Ability to do more with less, you thrive in a scrappy environment and you find creative solutions to problems

### **About Together AI**

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.

### **Compensation**

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance, and other benefits, as well as flexibility in terms of remote work. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $165,000 - $210,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.

### **Equal Opportunity**

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Please see our Privacy Policy at <https://www.together.ai/privacy>
