---
title: Robot Integration and Test Technician
status: archived
id: a32cf6ed-b81c-4ee6-8785-d5895cf39ffb
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/physicalintelligence/a32cf6ed-b81c-4ee6-8785-d5895cf39ffb
lastmod: '2026-05-18T02:38:57.446+00:00'
date: '2026-05-18T02:38:57.446+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Hardware
---

**Who We Are**

Physical Intelligence is bringing general-purpose AI into the physical world. We are a group of engineers, scientists, roboticists, and company builders developing foundation models and learning algorithms to power the robots of today and the physically-actuated devices of the future.

**The Team**

Robot Test and Integration Technicians collaborate closely with robot fleet team engineers to test and integrate new robot platforms into the fleet. In this role you will use skills with setting up/provisioning, testing, and light troubleshooting for new robot platforms. These technicians are part of the robot fleet team within the PI Hardware Organization.

**In This Role You Will:**

**- Quality control checks:** Perform detailed quality control checks on new robots to verify components are installed correctly and hardware is in correct configuration.

**- Set up and provision robots:** Follow documentation procedures to set up and provision hardware, software, and firmware components of new robots.

**- Test robots:** Execute on functional and technical performance tests on robots following fleet integration acceptance criteria.

**- Perform Basic Troubleshooting:** Identify and document mechanical, electrical, or software faults in robots and peripheral equipment.

**What We Hope You'll Bring**

- 2+ years of hardware testing experience

- Experience working with diagnostic tools, multimeters, oscilloscopes, and PLCs.

- Strong problem-solving ability

- Strong attention to detail

- Strong documentation skills

- Excellent communication and teamwork abilities

**Bonus Points**

- Experience with robotic systems

- Associate degree in Electrical/Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, or a related technical field. A bachelor’s degree is a plus.

- Relevant certifications in electrical or mechanical systems (e.g., ASE, NATE, etc.)

*Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.*
