---
title: Member of Technical Staff - Pre-Training
status: archived
id: '4378344007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4378344007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2024-05-21T12:27:23-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Model
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### Responsibilities

* Training trillion parameter neural networks at scale, as well as a variety of smaller specialized models.
* Rapidly implementing the latest state-of-the-art methods from the deep learning literature.
* Innovating new ideas for pretraining and new scaling paradigm.

### **Required Qualifications**

* Strong engineering skills with passion on model-hardware co-design.
* Expert in ML and large model scaling, familiar with all kinds of scaling laws.
* Familiar with distributed training, multi-GPU neural network training and experience on optimizing ML training efficiency.

### Annual Salary Range

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

### **Benefits**

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
