---
title: Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)
status: archived
id: '4681662007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4681662007
lastmod: '2026-06-03T16:32:53-04:00'
date: '2025-03-18T13:39:37-04:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Infrastructure
offices:
- London, UK
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

**ABOUT THE ROLE:**

You will work on the team that is responsible for the backend services that power our products such as grok.com and the API. We focus on writing and maintaining highly scalable and reliable services that can efficiently process tens of thousands of queries per second. The services are hosted on a number of Kubernetes clusters (on-prem & cloud).

**BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Expert knowledge of Kubernetes.
* Expert knowledge of continuous deployment systems such as Buildkite and ArgoCD.
* Expert knowledge of monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, Grafana, and PagerDuty.
* Expert knowledge of infrastructure as code technologies such as Pulumi or Terraform.
* Familiarity with a systems programming language like Rust, C++ or Go
* Experience with traffic management and HTTP proxies such as nginx and envoy.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

£107,000 - £262,000 GBP

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive healthcare and dental coverage, cash plan, income protection, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
