---
title: Barista
status: archived
id: '4744227007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4744227007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T18:34:06-04:00'
date: '2025-05-26T11:00:19-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The barista role is a team-oriented role for individuals who are familiar with basic customer service principles and have a firm understanding of all basic food and beverage safety principles. A barista should have the ability to identify and utilize food service equipment including but not limited to, manual espresso machines, drip coffee brewers, coffee bean grinders, frozen yogurt machines, and serving utensils. Daily tasks will be focused on supporting customer orders, inquiries, and deliveries, upkeep of food service spaces. The barista position supports the mission of SpaceXAI by providing quality customer service, a welcoming atmosphere, and accurate order fulfillment to help ensure our services boost morale and productivity across the company.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Set up, work, and maintain a clean and safe work station
* Complete daily prep tasks
* Help the team meet time and quality standards set by supervisor
* Clean and maintain departmental tools and equipment, i.e. drip coffee stations
* Provide good customer service
* Inventory/order supplies as needed

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 2+ years of customer service experience in a food service environment that includes coffee and beverage services
* Must be available for 1st shift: Monday to Friday from 8AM to 6:30PM
* Ability to carry large heavy items, such as dishes in tubs or trays unassisted (up to 25 lbs.)
* Ability to stand for long periods of time – up to 8 hours a day
* Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
* Ability to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* 3+ years of customer service related experience in a food service environment that includes coffee and beverage services
* Sound understanding of food safety and sanitation practices
* Possession of or willingness to obtain CA food handler card
* Manual espresso machine experience
* High level of professionalism
* Experience in a corporate environment
* Basic computer skills (Microsoft Office, Excel, and Outlook primarily)
* Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
* Willingness to learn and take guidance from others

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

Level 1: $26 USD hourly  
Level 2: $28 USD hourly

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI which includes comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
