---
title: Site Reliability Engineer - Cybersecurity
status: archived
id: '4803447007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4803447007
lastmod: '2026-07-06T16:24:38-04:00'
date: '2025-09-18T18:06:14-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Information Security
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

The Cybersecurity / SRE team is focused on ensuring the security and reliability of X Money. This role will primarily focus on the X Money platform but will also cross over with the X Social platform. The ideal candidate will have experience in the banking, money transmission, and P2P payments industry. We emphasize working with large distributed systems and security platforms at scale, with an automation-first mindset.

You’ll be responsible for securing and maintaining the reliability of X Money’s infrastructure. You’ll work closely with cross-functional teams to enhance security measures, improve system resilience, and implement best practices. Your role will include:

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Build and secure mission-critical applications in a hybrid cloud environment.
* Manage identities and roles effectively.
* Monitor and remediate infrastructure to comply with regulations and best practices (e.g., PCI, NIST CSF).
* Maintain a SIEM and all data pipelines needed for reliable alerting.
* Design and implement secure container standards and automation to enable frictionless developer workflows.
* Maintain Kubernetes security aligned with current best practices.
* Build, deploy, and maintain security operations infrastructure using Python, Terraform, and Puppet.
* Secure and enhance CI/CD pipelines.
* Integrate and maintain code scanning platforms.
* Develop dashboards and alerts from security metrics.
* Own security projects: identify issues and implement solutions.
* Apply critical analysis and problem-solving skills.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Proven experience securing hybrid AWS/on-premises environments, including IAM and overall security posture.
* Strong proficiency in Python, Terraform, and Puppet.
* Certifications like CISA, CRISC, CGEIT, Security+, CASP+, or similar preferred.
* Deep expertise in Kubernetes and container security.
* Hands-on expertise building GitHub Actions and workflows.
* Extensive experience with Prometheus, Grafana, CloudWatch, and Karma.
* Well versed in management and integrations of Wazuh
* Hands-on experience with security scanning tools (Semgrep, Trivy, Falco).
* Proactive mindset with strong ownership and problem-solving skills.
* Excellent critical thinking and analytical abilities.
* Located in the SF Bay Area or willing to relocate.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$100,000 - $258,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
