---
title: Client Partner
status: archived
id: '4981938007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4981938007
lastmod: '2026-05-27T13:53:26-04:00'
date: '2025-11-14T14:08:34-05:00'
location: Singapore, SG
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Singapore, SG
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

X is creating a world-class team of media professionals, and is seeking an experienced Client Partner (CP) to develop partnerships and business with Chinese advertisers and their agencies across the world. Experience working with consumer facing Chinese brands across Technology (Xiaomi, Huawei, Honor, OPPO, TCL, Hisense, Vivo, Haier) and Auto (BYD, Xpeng, Geely, Chery) is a plus.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Help define and drive X’s strategy to grow our partnership with some of the world's largest largest Chinese brands across the world
* Drive revenue for X by developing trusted relationships and partnerships with your customers
* Create consultative sales presentations that show how X can help them reach and engage with their customers to grow their business
* Regularly update your customers on new products, audience insights, and best practice utilisation of X
* Help your customers create and execute effective campaigns, measure results, and renew partnerships to drive revenue growth
* Ensure that your customers receive the highest level of service
* Work with cross-functional teams to deliver the best outcomes for customers and for X
* Mentor new team members as our organisation grows

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 7+ years of experience in digital media sales, working with Chinese brands and their advertising agencies
* Established relationships with marketing decision-makers and their agencies
* A proven track record of reaching and exceeding sales goals and growing a book of business
* Ability to build insight-driven sales narratives that support customer needs
* Ability to thrive in a highly dynamic, rapidly changing environment
* Aptitude, creativity, and a preference for working in collaborative teams
* Outstanding communication and presentation skills
* A passion for X and a genuine appetite to be part of something new

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
