---
title: Partner Account Manager (Contract)- EMEA
status: archived
id: '5035336007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5035336007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-27T13:48:40-05:00'
location: Dublin, IE
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Dublin, IE
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

X is creating a world-class team of media professionals, and seeking an experienced Partner Account Manager to join our Sales Partner Team (role is based in Dublin but this role will cover Africa, Turkey and Central Eastern Europe) to drive further growth.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Collaborate with Sales Partner, Agencies and advertisers to understand their objectives, recommending best practices, and developing effective campaigns
* Educate and consult to demonstrate how to use X’s advertising products
* Support campaign issues resolution in a timely and productive manner, and identify and implement process improvements
* Lead Sales Partner operational excellence effort working on a variety of business related critical tasks (from client verification to new staff onboarding, from product to policy escalations)
* Collaborate with a wide range of cross-functional teams and internal stakeholders in order to deliver the best results for our advertisers
* Provide feedback to our product and tools teams to help us scale our advertising platform

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 3-5 years of experience managing digital marketing programs for advertisers or their agencies
* Excellent communication skills in English
* Strong product knowledge, optimization and analytical skills
* Demonstrated ability to create, develop, and enhance customer relationships
* Ability to manage large customer relationships and manage through conflict, driving groups to collective business decisions.
* Proven track record translating marketing objectives into results for advertisers
* Demonstrated experience effectively optimizing marketing campaigns by analyzing performance and recommending adjustments to key performance drivers
* Strong presentation skills, attention to detail, and a bias for proactively resolving issues
* Aptitude, creativity, and a preference for working in small, collaborative teams with minimal supervision
* Must have a strong understanding of the digital marketplace and understanding of the competitive landscape in which we operate.
* A passion for X and our mission
* BA / BS degree or equivalent experience

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
