---
title: Client Parter (Madrid)
status: archived
id: '5038193007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5038193007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T18:00:35-05:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Remote International
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We serve our community of users and customers by working tirelessly to preserve free expression and choice, create limitless interactivity, and create a marketplace that enables the economic success of all its participants. We are creating a world-class team of media professionals, and seeking an experienced Client Partner to develop our business with advertisers and their agencies in Spain

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Establish a collaborative business relationship between X and domestic & international companies and their marketing agencies located in Spain
* Create consultative sales presentations to demonstrate how X's advertising products can be leveraged to connect with consumers
* Help advertisers build and execute effective campaigns, measure results, and renew / up-sell to drive revenue growth
* Thought leadership – immersing yourself in the evolving social media landscape, and adapting to X’s ongoing product developments
* Mentoring new team members as our organization grows

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 8+ years of experience in digital media sales, working with domestic & international companies and their marketing agencies located in Spain
* Established relationships with marketing decision makers at companies and agencies
* A deep understanding of both performance and brand marketing, as well as the wider online advertising industry, with a focus on tools and technologies that enable ad serving.
* A track record demonstrating an ability to develop and grow a book of business
* Excellent communication and presentation skills
* Deep understanding of X and the social media landscape, and opportunities for marketers
* Strong client-facing, sales, and commercial skills, with experience in partner/agency management, business development, negotiations, and direct advertiser sales, including strategic partnerships.
* Agency experience a plus - particularly in big six and independent agencies in Spain
* Aptitude, creativity, and a preference for working in small, collaborative teams
* A passion for X and our mission
* BA / BS degree or relevant experience

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
