---
title: Technical Recruiter
status: archived
id: '5059413007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5059413007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-02-23T15:18:29-05:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- People
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

We are seeking Technical Recruiters who operate with intensity, intellectual rigor, and deep ownership to join the xAI team. In this role, you will be responsible for identifying, engaging, and closing exceptional technical talent who will shape the future of the company. You will be expected to operate as a strategic talent partner, developing deep conviction on talent, understanding candidate motivations, and communicating with clarity throughout the process.  The ideal candidate is highly driven, deeply aligned with the mission, and motivated by the challenge of attracting world-class talent in a highly competitive environment.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Work directly with technical leaders to deeply understand the hiring requirements for their team
* Own full-cycle recruiting for technical roles, including sourcing, assessment, closing, and candidate experience
* Build deep understanding of candidate motivations, decision drivers, and long-term goals to effectively guide and close top talent
* Maintain a strong sense of urgency while preserving quality and judgement
* Continuously improve recruiting processes to increase signal, speed, and candidate quality
* Leverage data to: increase candidate ROI, increase candidate conversion rates, build more efficient processes, keep stakeholders informed of hiring trends, and monitor hiring pace
* Proactively source candidates through creative research, networks, and direct outreach
* Ensure an exceptional candidate experience every step of the candidate journey

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* 5+ years of experience recruiting for technical roles at fast-paced, hyper-growth environments, whether it be agency or in-house
* Strong understanding of the technical talent landscape and how top talent evaluates opportunities
* Demonstrated success sourcing and closing highly competitive technical candidates
* Outcome-oriented recruiter with strong analytical skills and a proven track record of data-driven decision-making with the ability to thrive in ambiguity
* Highly thoughtful communicator who considers message, context, and candidate’s perspective

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Exceptional judgement and intellectual curiosity
* Strong sense of ownership and accountability for outcomes
* Genuine alignment with xAI’s mission and a strong desire to contribute to it
* Experience working with Greenhouse ATS
* Experience supporting hiring events and driving various actions post event to understand ROI

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$130,000 - $210,000 USD

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
