---
title: Hospitality Manager
status: archived
id: '5080506007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5080506007
lastmod: '2026-05-27T13:58:36-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T16:25:09-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Austin, TX
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The role of the Hospitality Manager will be to provide the direction and management of the organization’s food and customer service activities. You will help develop and implement effective customer service strategies and training programs across a 24/7 multi-outlet operation. The duties of the Hospitality Manager will include but are not limited to: coordinating service operations for site meals across multiple concepts ranging from high volume food hall to quick service, full service restaurants and catering. Additionally, the position will be responsible for monitoring and motivating staff, ensuring excellent customer service, engaging with customers, cross site communication, hiring and developing talent, ensuring team is current with all mandatory company trainings, scheduling and payroll, interviewing, hiring and onboarding of new staff, setting and upholding customer service principles. The Hospitality Manager will support the mission by providing a foundation for excellent customer service, operational excellence and quality food options that boost morale and productivity within xAI.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Oversee menu accuracy in multiple service formats
* Site expert on point of sale system from implementation to daily upkeep and functionality
* Set and enforces standards for hospitality operations
* Monitor quality and consistency of food products in all service locations
* Maintaining clean and safe work stations throughout operation
* Trains staff on customer service, allergen and nutritional awareness
* Enforces proper food safety practices with staff and leads
* Coordinates and enhances time management for team
* Develop and execute financial plan Hospitality operation
* Creation and maintenance of in person and online training materials
* Performance management for hospitality staff
* Develop and execute food service plans for site needs including new builds and launch operations
* Site communication strategies and execution
* Lead catering execution

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Associate degree in hospitality management
* 7+ years of leadership experience within the food service industry in a high volume multi-concept operation

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Manager level food safety certification
* Experience opening new operations and/or creating operational procedures from the ground up for high volume, multi-unit establishments
* Beverage and wine knowledge including bar management and fundamentals
* Advanced understanding of modern marketing fundamentals and tools
* Advanced knowledge of customer service and safe kitchen operations
* Experienced with Microsoft office and outlook
* Excellent communication skills both written and verbal
* Advanced knowledge of food profession principles and practices
* Excellent knowledge of Food Service systems, ordering and inventory
* Experience in corporate environment
* Proficient knowledge of human resources management
* Ability to organize work for large groups in various service formats
* Strong time management skills
* Experience with batch cooking or high volume operations
* Experience leading groups in large team settings of 10 or more staff members
* Experience working in SpaceX food service operation for 1+ years

### ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

* Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
* Ability to stand for long periods of time
* Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
