---
title: Member of Technical Staff - Model Training
status: archived
id: '5086969007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5086969007
lastmod: '2026-06-03T16:34:50-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T13:04:33-04:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Model
offices:
- London, UK
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

* You will work on the most critical modeling challenges at any given time.
* You will get clarity on your first project before an offer.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* You believe truth-seeking AI is the most important and challenging problem.
* You are obsessed about building incredibly useful models.
* You are a power user of AI models.
* If you previously trained models used by millions of people it’s a big plus, but modeling experience is not required.
* You take pride in your work and thrive in meritocratic environments.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

£107,000 - £262,000 GBP

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive healthcare and dental coverage, cash plan, income protection, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
