---
title: Hospitality Specialist
status: archived
id: '5149102007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5149102007
lastmod: '2026-06-02T18:28:02-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T15:45:34-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The xAI Hospitality team serves all employees, customers, government partners, potential clients and/or visitors with everything from snacks to daily meals to full-service events. The Hospitality Specialist enhances the overall guest experience across one or more of our food service outlets or catering locations by upholding exceptional standards of hospitality. They must possess a deep knowledge of hospitality principles and a solid grasp of food and beverage safety protocols. Collaborating closely with hospitality leadership, this role focuses on crafting unforgettable moments for guests through flawless service, while maintaining rigorous standards and expectations. The specialist is empowered to promptly resolve guest concerns or feedback, troubleshoot equipment challenges, apply creative problem-solving, and communicate effectively at all levels. The Hospitality Specialist supports xAI’s mission by upholding exemplary, professional, and welcoming service environments that enhance the productivity and morale of the workforce while ensuring the team is performing to departmental and company standards.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Execute services and catering/event requests, following detailed schedules and timelines, ensuring absolute guest satisfaction
* Support the setup, execution, and breakdown of services/events, including workstations, surrounding areas, dining, work, and storage spaces; ensuring safety and organization
* Collaborate with a team to meet time and quality standards set by leadership while working with urgency
* Assist in organization, cleaning, and maintenance of departmental tools, equipment, and food service areas
* Complete daily record keeping, tasks, and opening/closing checklists
* Interact professionally with guests, supervisors, and co-workers
* Engage with guests through strong customer service, clearly communicating operational expectations, anticipating their needs, and exceeding expectations
* Maintain proper safety guidelines and food safety/sanitation practices
* Participate in the training of all Hospitality roles and responsibilities, filling in for roles as needed

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 4+ years of food service experience in a customer service role

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* 2+ years of leadership experience
* 7+ years of food service experience in a customer service role
* Self-motivated and takes initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced environment
* Previous work experience in a high-volume output environment
* Previous work experience in team settings
* Advanced understanding of food safety and sanitation practices
* Basic computer skills (Microsoft Office primarily)
* Advanced knowledge of allergen identification and dietary restrictions
* Willingness to participate in internal leadership and development training

### ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

* Ability to carry large, heavy items unassisted such as large packages, dishes in tubs, or trays (up to 45 lbs. unassisted)
* Willingness to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends as needed
* Valid driver's license

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
