---
title: Member of Technical Staff
status: archived
id: '5173208007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5173208007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T15:28:53-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T15:28:53-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

Member of Technical Staff (X.AI LLC; Palo Alto, CA): Introduce innovative techniques and analyses to theAI field to facilitate breakthroughs in quantitative reasoning and language understanding. Stabilize large language model training, pipeline parallelism training of large language models, and fine-tuning large language models with truthful data. Ensure organization’s work is aligned with broader company objectives. Spend time working on hands-on technical problems including design and implementation. Perform cutting-edge research on advanced techniques from AI and deep learning, including neural network architectures, language modeling, and speech recognition. Work closely with leaders across the company to deliver impactful projects which may involve work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, and information retrieval systems. Telecommuting permitted. Reference: 00100860

The position requires a Bachelor’s or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Machine Learning or in a related field and 2 years of experience in the job offered or in a computer-related occupation.

Special Requirements: Position requires experience, knowledge or coursework in each of the following skills:

1. BigData systems such as Spark, Hadoop, BigQuery, and related technology to build highly scalable data processing systems
2. Building large-scale Kubernetes clusters for data storage, processing, and analysis on on-prem  systems and cloud computing
3. Applied machine learning techniques and deploying large-scale deep learning systems 4. Working with distributed system engineers and AI researchers in developing technologies in the area of natural language processing, computer vision, and speech recognition applications 5. Rust, C++, or Python programming language to build tooling and features within company software development code and standards.
4. Building applications with hardware accelerators, such as GPUs, TPUs from GCP, Azure, and AWS.Employment and background checks may be required.

Salary: $324,000 - $396,000 per year

**To Apply: Any interested applicant may click on the APPLY NOW button above to apply for this position.**

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
