---
title: Office Manager
status: archived
id: '5836345004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5836345004
lastmod: '2026-03-30T18:57:21-04:00'
date: '2026-03-26T14:59:13-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Work:**

You’ll thrive in this role if:

* You are self-driven and take ownership without needing constant direction.
* You are confident in your judgment and comfortable making decisions in real time.
* You take initiative and solve problems before they become issues.
* You enjoy being on your feet and moving throughout the office.
* You’re energized by variety and wearing many hats.
* You can professionally and confidently support high-stakes visitors and executives.
* You pivot quickly when priorities change and remain calm under pressure.
* You enjoy building systems and improving processes in an evolving environment.
* You are resourceful and naturally step in wherever needed.

As site Office Manager, you’ll be tasked with several office duties which have a direct impact on our employee and guest experience. This includes:

* Greeting and assisting employees, visitors, and vendors
* Accurately processing/distributing incoming and outgoing mail and packages
* Providing support with conference room scheduling, setup and coordination
* Planning, ordering and stocking office supplies, snacks, food, and drinks for office/break areas.
* Coordinate and manage on-site employee lunches and company events, including ordering, setting up, serving, and cleanup
* Directly assisting new employees onboarding, including answering questions, desk setup, and assisting with the overall first day experience
* Providing support for management, staff and office administrators as needed
* Maintain and update company systems (seating chart, NDAs, desk reservations, etc.)
* Ensuring documents are appropriately managed (e.g.: stored, scanned, shredded, etc.)
* Manage and maintain badge access system, including creating badges
* Manage and maintain security camera system and vendor relationship
* Manage and maintain building entrance systems
* Manage various vendor relationships such as janitorial contracts, to ensure they  are being fulfilled, follow up and resolve any issues
* Ensuring office and kitchen equipment are maintained or repaired if needed
* Promptly report facility or safety concerns to management

**About You:**

* High school diploma or certificate required, associate’s degree strongly preferred
* Highly customer-oriented, possessing a positive and helpful attitude to all employees
* Demonstrates consistent dependability, punctuality and follow-throughSelf-starter, and ability to work independently and collaborate well with others
* Strong level of computer literacy and experience using Google Suite or MS 365
* Exhibit strong positive written and verbal communication skills
* Ability to be flexible and adaptable within a dynamic environment
* Exhibit a high level of personal integrity, judgment, and discretion
* Good critical thinking and problem-solving skills
* Able to lift to 30lbs safely
* Have valid driver’s license and transportation

Preferred:

* Previous experience as an Office Manager or lead role in an office environment with 100 or more staff
* Experience with budgeting and asset tracking
* Purchasing and managing outside services and contractors
* Event planning experience

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job as this is subject to change at any time with or without notice. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give such instructions or assignments. 

Work Environment & Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodation may be provided to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; talk and hear; use hands to touch, feel, handle, push/pull and move objects; see details of objects that are less than a few feet away; see differences between colors, shades, and brightness. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and move around the office; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, crawl, reach, and stretch.

This is an onsite position at our Fremont, CA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$66,000—$86,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
