---
title: Executive Assistant
status: archived
id: '5842532004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5842532004
lastmod: '2026-04-02T17:52:36-04:00'
date: '2026-04-01T14:29:07-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- 'Administration '
offices:
- Remote
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

We are seeking a highly organized, proactive, and professional Executive Assistant in the Bay Area to provide critical day-to-day support to our senior leadership team. This is a critical role, balancing strategic support responsibilities within a team of administrative professionals. The position requires discretion, sound judgment, and the ability to manage multiple priorities with poise. The ideal candidate is a creative problem-solver who takes initiative, thrives in a fast-paced environment, and helps elevate the executives they support and fosters best practices as an administrative team as a whole.

### **About the Work**

* Provide calendar management, meeting coordination, and travel arrangements for senior executive leaders.
* Prepare and organize meeting materials, including agendas, presentations, and minutes.
* Handle confidential and sensitive information with the utmost discretion.
* Support budget tracking, invoice processing, and expense reporting across departments.
* Coordinate cross-functional projects and monitor progress on departmental initiatives.
* Plan and execute team events, offsites, and internal meetings.
* Work closely with the extended administrative team ensuring overall priority alignment, consistency, and best practices.
* Help foster a “service minded team” environment and tone for elevated service, professionalism, and collaboration.
* This role requires working Pacific Time Zone hours.

### **About You**

* 5+ years of experience supporting multiple c-suite executives preferably at a tech startup.
* Proven ability to thrive balancing hands-on execution with nuanced and dynamic responsibilities.
* Exceptional organizational and time management skills working across multiple time zones.
* Strong technology proficiency with Google Workspace, Asana, Zoom, Slack, and travel booking platforms.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.
* High level of professionalism, discretion, and a proactive “no task too small” attitude.
* Ability to manage multiple priorities with grace, efficiency, and attention to detail.
* A positive and energetic teamplayer who thrives in a centralized and collaborative setting.
* Bonus points for having a great sense of humor!

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Fremont, CA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$105,000—$137,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
