---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer, Autonomy Core '
status: archived
id: '5850324004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5850324004
lastmod: '2026-04-14T17:03:56-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T19:31:59-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Any Office (Fremont, CA, Salem, OR, or Pittsburgh, PA)
departments:
- Software Engineering
offices:
- Fremont
- Pittsburgh
- Remote
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role**

Join the Autonomy team as a Senior Software Engineer where you will architect and contribute to the core robot software platform by driving the development of critical software modules and their interfaces. You will establish a data-driven approach to system performance by building scalable telemetry and metrics infrastructure, alongside rigorous regression testing plans, to track KPIs and monitor long-term reliability. This high-impact role is essential for enabling the next phase of commercial scaling by ensuring the robot can reliably perceive, plan, and execute complex tasks within dynamic environments.

**About The Work**

* Drive the implementation of selected middleware solutions to optimize communication and scalability across the core software platform.
* Define, document, review, and enforce process boundaries and API contracts, driving organization-wide alignment.
* Collaborate closely across the robot software and architecture teams to solve complex, cross-functional problems and ensure robust performance on physical robot hardware.
* Own and maintain the large-scale regression pipelines to automatically measure critical autonomous behavior metrics and track key performance indicators (KPIs) across motion planning, navigation, and localization.

**About You**

* Demonstrated expertise in designing and implementing multi-process robot architectures and distributed systems. Proficiency with different robotics middleware solutions (e.g., ROS, DDS, custom messaging) and experience with inter-process/inter-machine communication.
* Strong experience developing and maintaining telemetry/metrics pipelines (e.g., using OpenTelemetry/Otel). Proficiency in querying and analyzing large datasets using SQL-like big data tools (e.g., Amazon Athena, Spark SQL) and time-series databases (e.g., Prometheus, InfluxDB).
* Demonstrated expertise in simulation at scale, including techniques like domain randomization and procedural content generation. Hands-on experience transitioning models/behaviors from simulation (e.g., Gazebo, MuJoCo, Isaac Sim) to real-world physical robot hardware.
* Proficiency in programming languages commonly used in robotics/testing (Python, C++).
* Experience with CI/CD pipelines (e.g., Git, Jenkins, GitHub Actions) and containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) for scaling simulation and deployment environments.
* Deep understanding of robotics fundamentals, including kinematics, dynamics, controls, and perception.
* MS or Ph.D. in Robotics, Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent industry experience.

**Bonus Qualifications**

* Familiarity with cloud storage solutions and data lakes (e.g., AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage).
* Hands-on experience creating impactful data visualizations and dashboards using tools like Datadog, Grafana, or Apache Superset.
* Experience training or deploying Reinforcement Learning (RL) agents for complex autonomous behaviors.
* Publications in top-tier robotics or related conferences (RSS, ICRA, IROS).

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Salem, Pittsburgh, or Fremont offices.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Salary Range

$155,000—$241,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
