---
title: Structural Analysis Engineer
status: archived
id: '6010663004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6010663004
lastmod: '2026-06-04T15:39:03-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T15:38:37-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Team:**

Our mechanical engineering team is agile and has grown rapidly, and we are looking for a talented analysis engineer (structural) to join us at our Fremont, CA facility in a hybrid capacity. We are responsible for delivering advanced and reliable designs that meet a complex set of requirements to our customers, including software developers, applications engineers, manufacturing engineers and ultimately to fleet deployment managers. We work as a group to develop new technologies, engineer new products, and refine/maintain existing designs. The team is composed of engineers from many backgrounds and levels of experience. 

**About The Role:**

We are currently designing the next generation of Digit for commercial scale. Highly reliable and robust designs are critical to successful deployment of our robots in large quantities. Digit works in demanding environments, performing highly repetitive and heavily loaded tasks. The structural analysis engineer will work closely with the lead structural analysts and design engineers to deliver structural analyses that lead to informed design decisions.

**About the work:**

* Primarily act as a structural engineer/analyst, using FEA simulations & other calculations to support and guide subsystem design teams
* Be flexible and versatile in projects – often need to pivot as priorities change
* Drive solutions to meet product requirements
* Scope analysis to effectively address design challenges (right level of analysis to move design forward in best direction)

**About you:**

* Demonstrated experience in structural analysis
* Proven experience providing analysis-based solutions from concept to final design
* Ability to plan and coordinate testing as required to characterize and validate models and modeling techniques
* Ability to work across team boundaries to provide solutions
* Ability to be on-site at Agility’s design facility as needed (minimum 3 days per week)
* Willingness to travel to alternate Agility location on occasion (Salem)
* 2-5+ years of structural design experience with B.S. or M.S. in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent)
* OR:
* Recent college graduate with M.S. in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) plus demonstrated aptitude and experience with simulation-driven structural analysis

**Preferred Skills and Experience:**

* Structural analysis experience, preferably with Altair tools:  Hypermesh, Optistruct (or nastran), Radioss (or Dyna)
* Topology / optimization experience
* Solid python skills (ability to write code/scripts to automate simulation processes, process data)
* Creo experience

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Fremont, CA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$132,000—$172,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
