---
title: Senior Assembly Technician I
status: archived
id: '6010788004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6010788004
lastmod: '2026-06-03T15:32:15-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T15:32:15-04:00'
location: Onsite- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role:**

The Senior Assembly Technician I is responsible for the assembly, inspection, test, repair and refurbishment of Agility's humanoid robots and robot products at our new RoboFab factory in Salem, OR.  

**About The Work:**

* Assembles, tests, inspects and repairs robot electro-mechanical assemblies using work instructions/procedures, drawings, schematics, and checklists
* Performs all tasks with a commitment to safety, quality, and teamwork, and reports any issues in a timely and professional manner
* Maintains an organized, clean and safe work area at all times
* Accurately enters manufacturing data using Jira and MES software
* Makes recommendations to improve processes and reduce waste
* Assists in training others as needed
* Supports other departments to meet operations objectives such as in-process inspections and material handling as needed

**About You:**

* High school diploma or GED; 2-year technical degree or military experience a plus
* Minimum of 2 years of experience in Mechatronics/robotics assembly or related field
* Excellent hand tool skills, mechanical aptitude, good manual dexterity and visual acuity
* Minimum of 2 years of experience in electrical, electromechanical, and/or electronics testing
* Mechanical aptitude to install/remove small parts and screws with hand tools by feel without damage
* Ability to adhere to process, attention to detail, and detailed updates to management
* Maintains a professional, respectful, collaborative and positive attitude
* Maintains a commitment to customer satisfaction and continuous improvement
* Ability to learn quickly and work independently and in teams.
* Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
* Good computer skills and ability to perform data entry accurately and efficiently
* Ability to safely lift up to 45 lbs
* Ability to work overtime Mon-Fri, and some weekends if needed

**Bonus Points:**

* Associates degree in technical discipline or military technical school training
* Experience with MES, JIRA a plus
* Ability to read schematics, and PCB layout files, and modify wire harnesses and PCB boards highly desired
* Experience with solder/de-solder of small electronic components a plus
* Ability to setup a test bench of power, meters, O-scopes, function generators per instruction a plus
* Experience with Lean Manufacturing; six-sigma a plus
* Proficiency using the Linux Operating System highly desired

**Other Duties**

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job as this is subject to change at any time with or without notice. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give such instructions or assignments.

**Work Environment & Physical Demands**

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; talk and hear; use hands to touch, feel, handle, push/pull and move objects; see details of objects that are less than a few feet away; see differences between colors, shades, and brightness. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and move around the office; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, crawl, reach, and stretch; and see details of objects that are more than a few feet away.

**Location**

This is an onsite position at our Salem, OR office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$53,000—$69,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
