---
title: Senior Service Technician II
status: archived
id: '6019008004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6019008004
lastmod: '2026-06-12T13:27:27-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T13:27:27-04:00'
location: Onsite- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role**

The Senior Service Technician will support the execution of Agility's humanoid robot service strategy at our new RoboFab factory in Salem, OR. The candidate will develop, implement, and continuously improve processes and procedures for robot repair and refurbishment. These efforts will support both internal and external customers, as well as business objectives.

**About The Work**

* Support the service operations for all robots, including troubleshooting and repairing both robots and their peripherals
* Support compliance with all customer Service Level Agreements (SLAs)
* Support cross-functional teams to perform root cause analyses and other projects
* Gather metrics to assess the quality of products and assist in process improvements
* Assist in the creation, implementation, and maintenance of cross-functional training, work instructions, and procedures to ensure consistency with customer needs, company goals, and industry best practices
* Identify and communicate resource needs and gaps for successful service delivery
* Continually assess service performance levels and take timely action to remove performance barriers and reinforce procedures, policies, and guidelines
* Work with the operations, engineering, and production teams to develop and manage preventative and predictive maintenance schedules, part consumption, and repair order tracking
* Proactively report emergent issues and service team needs
* Support operations, engineering, and production with testing and performance management

**About You**

* High School diploma or GED; 2-year technical degree or military equivalent preferred
* 3-5 years electro-mechanical systems troubleshooting and repair; mechatronics troubleshooting and repair preferred; root cause analysis strongly desired
* Excellent hand and power tool skills, strong mechanical aptitude with ability to interpret technical documents; electronics skills a strong plus
* Ability to provide clear written and verbal detailed updates and reports to management
* Able to work both independently and collaboratively in a factory environment
* Excellent analytical, verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
* Strong computer skills and proficient using Google sheets/docs and/or MS excel/word and able to quickly learn new software applications
* Ability to perform standard work instructions and SOPs with high accuracy
* Able to lift up to 50 lbs, have excellent manual dexterity and visual acuity
* Ability to work overtime Mon-Fri, and as required on weekends (not typical)

**Bonus Points**

* Technical associates degree or equivalent military training
* Providing technical assembly or repair services to autonomous robotic systems
* Experience with MES, ERP systems; VKS, Infor, Jira and/or Confluence a plus
* Experience with project improvement methodologies
* Proficiency using Google Suite and the Linux Operating System a strong plus
* Experience supporting high volume manufacturing in a factory

**Other Duties**

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job as this is subject to change at any time with or without notice. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give such instructions or assignments.

**Work Environment & Physical Demands**

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; talk and hear; use hands to touch, feel, handle, push/pull and move objects; see details of objects that are less than a few feet away; see differences between colors, shades, and brightness. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and move around the office; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, crawl, reach, and stretch; and see details of objects that are more than a few feet away.

---

**Location**

* This is an onsite position at our Salem, OR office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$60,000—$78,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
