---
title: Software Engineer (Data Services), London
status: active
id: '5837883004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/5837883004
lastmod: '2026-07-17T11:02:01-04:00'
date: '2026-03-31T08:40:15-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Tech
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### Your impact

This is an exciting opportunity for versatile software engineers to be working in a fast-paced and research-facing environment within a small team. You will contribute significantly to a world-class ML-based software platform set to transform the bio-pharmaceutical world. We need creative thinkers ready to redefine how drugs are designed with the power of AI.

Working in a highly creative, iterative environment, you will be partnering with leading engineers, scientists and ML researchers to build the critical platform driving that transformation. This is a newly created role and you will need to use your previous experience and show initiative in order to fully carve out your contribution.

### What you will do

Depending on your experience and background, you can be expected to work on one or more of the following domains:

* Software engineering of data services for data storage and integration layers
* Ingestion, transformation and serving of scientific data for scientific applications
* Building a state-of-the-art platform for conducting research with high velocity and reliability
* Collaboration with scientist and ML researchers on project work

### Skills and qualifications

#### Essential

* Experience in data engineering and service-oriented architectures
* Extensive software engineering experience with software design and architecture skills
* Extensive enterprise programming experience writing production code using Python
* Experience building, deploying, and maintaining secure and scalable production systems on GCP
* Experience with Kubernetes and cloud computing
* Demonstrated ability to work in multi-disciplinary teams and environments
* Great degree of adaptability and a willingness to work across domains and different parts of the tech stack when needed
* Demonstrate ongoing career progression / trajectory and a passion for learning
* Msc in computer science, or equivalent experience

#### Nice to have

In addition to the essential qualifications listed above, we also expect successful candidates to have some of the following qualifications:

* Experience with the management of scientific and experimental wet lab data in a pharma context
* Experience with life sciences data, including bioinformatics, computational chemistry, and biomedical research data
* Experience building backend systems for web applications, using technologies such as Django, SQLalchemy, Pydantic, PostgreSQL, DBT
* Experience designing, implementing and maintaining relational data models with Python-based interfaces
* Hands-on experience with cloud engineering in a compute-heavy environment, preferably on GCP

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
