---
title: Support Engineer, London
status: active
id: '5985351004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/5985351004
lastmod: '2026-06-03T08:10:45-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T08:18:39-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Generalist Software Engineering
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

As a key member of the Support team, this role will directly influence the efficiency and effectiveness of our support operations, ultimately contributing to a positive user experience and the overall productivity of the company. This position offers the opportunity to shape our support strategy, drive innovation through automation, and play a vital role in scaling our teams to support future growth.

### **What you will do**

* Provide technical support, troubleshooting complex issues, and implementing solutions.
* Develop and maintain automation tools to improve efficiency and reduce manual effort.
* Manage and integrate 3rd party tools and APIs to enhance system functionality.
* Collaborate with other teams to resolve technical issues and improve processes.
* Document technical solutions and create knowledge base articles.
* Assist with the technical onboarding of new employees, ensuring they have the necessary tools and access.
* Work with vendors and partners to deliver shared technology and communication services.
* Develop and maintain workflows and processes for internal support and vendor engagements.

### **Skills and qualifications**

### **Essential:**

* Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
* Google access provisioning and permission lifecycle.
* Excellent communication skills (written and verbal).
* Experience supporting a wide range of hardware and software (macOS, Linux essential).
* Experience with scripting and automation tools (Bash, Python etc.)
* Background partnering with the onboarding team to set up IT equipment and knowledge off how to off-board employees.
* Experience managing and integrating 3rd party tools and APIs.
* Experience with ticketing systems
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
* Strong customer service orientation.
* Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks.
* A desire to learn and grow in the role.

### **Nice to have:**

* Knowledge of security best practices.
* Experience with developer experience tools.
* Excellent documentation skills, with a focus on accuracy and clarity.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
