---
title: Senior Research Investigator, (Biologics Pharmacology), London
status: active
id: '5995272004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/5995272004
lastmod: '2026-05-15T06:11:04-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T06:06:42-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Drug Design
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

**Your Impact**

We’re seeking a Senior Research Investigator specialising in biologics drug development to contribute to the pharmacology and translational biology strategy of our novel large molecule therapeutics, harnessing the transformative power of our cutting-edge AI drug design engine. This role requires a unique blend of scientific expertise and the intellectual curiosity to explore uncharted territory in therapeutic design.

Within the Biologics Design and Research team, you will play a pivotal role in our drug discovery projects, working with key internal and external stakeholders to drive the pharmacology strategy of complex projects in early discovery through to candidate selection and, ultimately, advancing candidates towards the clinic. This is an extraordinary opportunity to collaborate closely with Isomorphic Labs’ world-leading AI, ML, and drug discovery experts, developing imaginative new approaches, based on generative AI, to design and optimise protein-based therapeutics.

**What You Will Do**

* **Translational Biology Strategy:** Design, execute, and oversee comprehensive pharmacology plans for our large molecule therapeutics.
* **In Vivo & In Vitro Evaluation:** Lead the design and execution of *in vivo* efficacy and complex *in vitro* functional assays to ensure high-quality data generation.
* **Drive Project Milestones:** Act as the Biology Lead for assigned projects, coordinating complex internal workflows and external CROs to efficiently progress candidates toward critical go/no-go decisions and program milestones.
* **New Target Identification:** Collaborate with computational biology and design teams to identify, evaluate, and bring new biologics projects into the portfolio, assessing biological feasibility and therapeutic potential.
* **Collaborative Platform Building:** Partner closely with interdisciplinary teams (ML, Biology, CompBio) to help build our generative AI platform, ensuring the pharmacology data you generate is effectively fed back into design loops, while collaborating to deploy these cutting-edge tools to discover novel therapeutic strategies.

### **Essential Skills and Qualifications:**

* PhD in Immunology, Cancer Biology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Pharmacology or a related scientific discipline.
* 5+ years’ professional experience in an industry role within a biotech or pharma setting.
* A strong scientific expertise in, and in-depth understanding of, disease models and their use in biologics drug development. A strong interest in applying the latest technological advances to better predict translation to patients.
* Significant experience in the design and execution of studies to support project progression in the field of biologics drug discovery and development.
* Experience within the immunology, inflammation or oncology therapeutic areas.
* A proficiency with modalities such as multi-specifics or antibody drug conjugates (ADCs).
* Demonstrated proficiency in fostering and managing external collaborations with Contract Research Organizations (CROs) and world-leading academic groups.
* A genuine passion and enthusiasm for applying AI/ML to drug design and how this can transform the field.
* Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills, with a proven ability to work effectively in a cross-functional, collaborative team environment.
* Track record of creative problem solving of some of the most difficult problems in drug discovery, with a strong growth mindset, adaptability, and eagerness to learn new concepts and techniques.

**Nice to Have**

* Experience leveraging machine learning or computational biology techniques for biologics design and optimisation.
* Experience in antibody discovery, engineering, and optimisation strategies.
* In-depth understanding of protein structure-function relationships of antibodies.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
