---
title: Data Management Specialist, London
status: active
id: '6011717004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/6011717004
lastmod: '2026-06-02T15:45:39-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T15:45:39-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Data Management
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

We’re looking for a data management specialist who is passionate about the curation and integration of high quality experimental data to support drug discovery projects.

At IsoLabs you will be a core part of the data team, building our large scale, high quality data asset to power our next generation of groundbreaking AI/ML models. Your role will be to partner directly with discovery project teams to integrate data generated throughout drug design cycles. You will bring domain expertise in discovery data management to co-develop the technical solutions and experimental data workflows we need to accelerate decision making and reimagine drug discovery.

### **What you will do**

* Partner directly with discovery project teams to integrate experimental data generated throughout drug design cycles.
* Support drug design cycles so that all chemistry and biological assay data necessary to underpin project decision making is efficiently captured and available.
* Collaborate with internal and external teams to develop data exchange standards and implement user-friendly ELNs that ensure the integrity of ingested data.
* Apply your knowledge of chemical and/or biologics registration to facilitate effective compound management within internal databases.
* Contribute to the wider data team’s efforts to build a large, diverse, and high quality data asset that powers IsoLabs’ next generation of drug discovery ML models.
* Communicate your work and raise awareness of opportunities to improve data quality.

### **Skills and qualifications**

### **Essential:**

* Experience working in drug discovery informatics or data management roles for small and/or large molecule programs within the pharma/biotech industry.
* BSc, MSc or PhD degree in (bio)chemistry, pharmacology or relevant degree in the life sciences.
* Experience working with a broad range of experimental assay readouts used in the drug discovery process (e.g. in-vitro, biophysical and/or cellular assays; ADMET properties).
* Good knowledge of ontologies, data management systems and the curation of data to adhere to high standards of scientific quality.
* Experience using and configuring an Electronic Lab Notebook (ELN) system and defining robust data exchange standards with third parties.
* Working knowledge of Python and SQL with experience using cheminformatics and data science toolkits (e.g. RDKit, Pandas/Polars)
* Strong communicator and a proven collaborator with both multi-disciplinary biology/chemistry and product/engineering teams

### **Nice to have:**

* Experience configuring and maintaining third-party drug discovery data management systems (e.g. Benchling, Dotmatics).
* Familiarity with data engineering concepts and experience with running jobs on Cloud-based infrastructure.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
