---
title: 'Executive Assistant, London '
status: active
id: '6022019004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/6022019004
lastmod: '2026-06-12T07:45:10-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T07:45:10-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- 'Central  '
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

Your role is pivotal. You’ll provide essential support that empowers our Senior Leadership to drive the organisation's mission forward. Your ability to seamlessly manage complex priorities and anticipate needs transforms support into a true strategic partnership.

This position will constantly challenge you to apply creative problem-solving to maintain uncompromising attention to detail, while operating with speed and efficiency. You’ll deliver consistent, high-impact support, directly contributing to the success of key leaders in our evolving organisation.

### **What you will do**

You’ll expertly manage complex executive logistics, ensuring maximum efficiency, while maintaining strict confidentiality across all internal and external engagements.

* **Executive Calendar Management**: Efficiently manage complex executive calendars, coordinating high-volume meetings (in-person and virtual) across multiple time zones with speed and accuracy.
* **Process Management:** Coordinate critical data gathering for key management reviews, working with Senior Leadership to resolve conflicting priorities and guarantee accurate, timely submission.
* **Communication:** Maintain the highest level of confidentiality in all internal and external communications, acting as an authoritative and professional representative of the leadership team.
* **Meetings & Events**: Manage end-to-end meeting support, including creating and driving agendas, assembling comprehensive notes, tracking action item completion, and planning complex offsite meetings and events.
* **Cross-Functional Partnership:** Work closely with other Executive Assistants, coordinators, and cross-functional teams to streamline initiatives and support ad-hoc company-wide projects.

### **Skills and qualifications**

In order to set you up for success in this role, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

### **Essential:**

* Experience supporting at executive level in a fast paced environment.
* Proven experience in complex calendar management and global scheduling across multiple time zones, coupled with an excellent track record of keeping all collaborators informed and aligned.
* Fluent command of scheduling tools, specifically G-Suite.
* Demonstrable experience in identifying opportunities to streamline processes using emerging technologies, and document best practices.
* Able to build trusted relationships with a diverse set of stakeholders up to and including Executive Leadership.
* Ability to quickly learn and confidently navigate new, complex internal systems and platforms.
* Self sufficient and resourceful; comfortable with ambiguity; ability to pivot quickly as priorities shift in a fast-moving, evolving environment.
* Highly proactive, expertly anticipating the needs of Senior Leadership and solving operational challenges before they impact executive workflow.

### **Nice to have:**

* Experience applying project management methodologies or supporting complex, multi-stage projects.
* Experience operating within a fast-paced biotech, pharma, or similarly complex professional environment.
* Proven success in partnering with and managing third-party vendors and acting as the primary point of contact for external suppliers and companies.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
