---
title: Reward and People Analytics Partner, London
status: active
id: '6097946004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/6097946004
lastmod: '2026-06-19T09:52:43-04:00'
date: '2026-06-19T09:52:43-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- People & Talent
offices:
- 'London '
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Your impact**

As our Reward and People Analytics Partner, you will sit at the intersection of data, tools, and people strategy, helping us scale our People operations with precision. This role is designed for a data-minded analyst who is highly motivated to master People systems and analytics. You don’t need to be a seasoned compensation expert from day one—we are looking for a sharp, curious mind we can mould. If you have a foundational technical toolkit, a passion for driving tooling efficiency, and an eagerness to apply next-generation AI to optimise everyday workflows, this role offers an incredible runway for professional growth.

### **What you will do**

* **Data Management:** Maintain absolute data integrity across our People systems, proactively identifying anomalies and optimising our data structure.
* **Tooling & Systems**: Manage, administer, and own our suite of people tools, constantly looking for opportunities to take our systems to the next level.
* **Compensation cycles**: Step into existing cyclical processes to run and execute core tasks including modelling, bonus calculations, and managing the equity/grants list.
* **Insights & Reporting**: Deliver clear, actionable reporting on people data and provide key compensation insights to support hiring and promotion cycles.
* **Operational Execution**: Own the end-to-end administration of core workflows, from executing recognition programs to generating and sending official reward letters.
* **Process Optimisation**: Continuously look for ways to apply AI tools to streamline manual workflows and elevate how the People team operates.

### **Skills and qualifications**

### In order to set you up for success in this role, we’re looking for the following skills and experience:

### **Essential:**

* **Technical Toolkit:** Highly proficient in Google Sheets/Excel, with functional, hands-on knowledge or exposure to other tools or languages for managing and understanding data (and a strong desire to rapidly scale these skills).
* **Data driven:** Demonstrable professional experience managing and manipulating datasets. You must have a proven track record of handling data cleanup, structure, and reporting.
* **Analytical Mindset:** Exceptional attention to detail with a natural affinity for data analytics, problem-solving, and spotting trends.
* **Systems:** Proven experience administering and managing data tools or business systems, with a clear mindset for how to take systems and workflows to the next level.
* **Automation**: Experience or strong interest in leveraging generative AI tools to automate and optimise repetitive administrative workflows.
* **Eagerness to Learn:** Proactive, highly adaptable, deeply curious, and enthusiastic about mastering new tools and technologies.
* **Operational Execution**: Ability to step into established processes, run them reliably, and meticulously manage data-heavy workstreams.

### **Nice to have:**

* Specific experience in a People team or compensation and rewards function
* Basic exposure to compensation cycles, equity administration, or reward metrics.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
