---
title: Medical Director, Clinical Development (Oncology), Cambridge, MA
status: active
id: '6103981004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/6103981004
lastmod: '2026-06-29T15:07:45-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T15:07:45-04:00'
location: Cambridge, MA
departments:
- 'Clinical '
offices:
- Cambridge, MA
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Clinical Development Medical Director (Oncology), Cambridge, MA**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) is developing and applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines. The company’s ambitious mission is to one day solve all disease.

IsoLabs has built multiple cutting-edge AI models that power our unified drug design engine, which can tackle a broad spectrum of disease areas and modalities. This breakthrough technology will transform how we design new drug candidates and bring new potential medicines to patients. Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation. You will play a meaningful role in achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

Together, let’s build the future of medicine at Isomorphic Labs.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel prize-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drug candidates will perform in the clinic and develop medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

At IsoLabs, we are committed to leveraging state-of-the-art AI to advance precision medicine paradigms and establish new benchmarks for both efficacy and safety by consistently delivering the optimal treatments to the appropriate patients at precisely the right time, which we expect to significantly enhance our overall probability of success.

Since our founding, we have grown a world-class interdisciplinary team led by founder and CEO Sir Demis Hassabis and President Max Jaderberg. We have built strategic drug discovery collaborations with partners including Eli Lilly, Novartis and Johnson & Johnson, with the Novartis collaboration expanding in February 2025 to double its original scope. Our internal drug candidate pipeline consists of multiple programs across oncology and immunology.

In March 2025, IsoLabs raised $600 million in its first external funding round, led by Thrive Capital with participation from GV and Alphabet. In May 2026, IsoLabs raised $2.1 billion in a Series B financing round. This investment will power our world-leading AI drug design engine, scale our business globally and progress our drug candidate pipeline. The round was led by Thrive Capital, and includes participation from existing backers Alphabet and GV alongside new investors MGX, Temasek, CapitalG, and the UK Sovereign AI Fund, significantly expanding our global capital base.Isomorphic Labs is scaling globally, with headquarters in London and offices in Lausanne, Switzerland and a US base in Cambridge, Massachusetts. We continue to progress our internal candidate programs towards the clinic while advancing across a broad range of modalities including small molecules, molecular glues, peptides, and antibodies.

### **Your impact**

We are seeking an exceptional **Medical Director, Oncology** to join our team in Cambridge, MA.

You will report into our Chief Medical Officer, acting as the clinical voice for our oncology pipeline. You will be responsible for translating AI-driven insights into actionable clinical development strategies, serving as the primary medical monitor, and leading cross-functional teams to advance our therapeutic assets from discovery through clinical proof-of-concept.

As a key lead for patient safety and medical monitoring, the Medical Director partners with Clinical Operations to ensure the successful planning, execution, and implementation of clinical studies. They also serve as a subject matter expert, leading process improvement efforts and providing strategic medical guidance across various assets and indications.

This role requires exceptional collaborative and communication skills, with a proven ability to engage and influence a broad spectrum of internal and external stakeholders. The successful candidate must operate with the highest ethical standards, ensuring full compliance with internal SOPs, regulatory requirements, local laws, and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) guidelines.

The ideal candidate is a physician-scientist and translational medicine expert with experience from discovery through clinical proof of concept.

**What you will do**

* Provide strategic medical leadership for the design, and execution of oncology clinical trials.
* Collaborating closely with clinical operations to ensure clinical trials are in alignment with patient safety standards and in compliance with FDA, EMA, ICH and GCP guidelines while also ensuring that the overall scientific and medical content of all clinical programs is scientifically and clinically rigorous.
* Serve as the medical expert and monitor for clinical studies, ensuring the highest standards of patient safety, data integrity, and protocol compliance.
* Act as the primary point of medical contact for investigators, steering committees, and study teams.
* Lead the clinical content for key regulatory submissions (INDs/BLAs).
* Represent Isomorphic Labs in discussions with global health authorities and in peer-to-peer interactions with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) and clinical investigators.
* Collaborate seamlessly with a cross-functional clinical development team to ensure development plans are both scientifically sound and clinically actionable.

### **Qualifications**

### **Essential:**

* Education: MD or MD, PhD (or equivalent) in Oncology required; board certification preferred
* Significant clinical development experience within the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industry, including experience in medical monitoring and leading cross-functional teams.
* A proven track record of leading complex, cross-disciplinary projects from early-stage to clinical proof-of-concept.
* Deep understanding of Oncology drug development and regulatory pathways.
* Demonstrated ability to thrive in fast-paced, and evolving environments. You are a natural problem solver who sees opportunity where others see uncertainty.
* Exceptional ability to communicate complex clinical and strategic concepts to diverse audiences, including senior leadership, engineering teams, and external partners.
* Tech-Forward Vision: A strong interest in how AI and digital tools can be applied to drug discovery, safety monitoring, and patient stratification.
* Some travel required.

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
