---
title: 'Clinical Program Manager, Cambridge, MA '
status: active
id: '6104013004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/isomorphiclabs/jobs/6104013004
lastmod: '2026-07-06T07:41:23-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T07:41:23-04:00'
location: Cambridge, MA
departments:
- 'Clinical '
offices:
- Cambridge, MA
---

Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.

The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.

Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.

Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.

### **Clinical Program Manager, Cambridge MA**

Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) is developing and applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines. The company’s ambitious mission is to one day solve all disease.

IsoLabs has built multiple cutting-edge AI models that power our unified drug design engine, which can tackle a broad spectrum of disease areas and modalities. This breakthrough technology will transform how we design new drug candidates and bring new potential medicines to patients. Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation. You will play a meaningful role in achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.

Together, let’s build the future of medicine at Isomorphic Labs.

### **About Iso**

Isomorphic Labs was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel prize-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.

Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drug candidates will perform in the clinic and develop medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.

At IsoLabs, we are committed to leveraging state-of-the-art AI to advance precision medicine paradigms and establish new benchmarks for both efficacy and safety by consistently delivering the optimal treatments to the appropriate patients at precisely the right time, which we expect to significantly enhance our overall probability of success.

Since our founding, we have grown a world-class interdisciplinary team led by founder and CEO Sir Demis Hassabis and President Max Jaderberg. We have built strategic drug discovery collaborations with partners including Eli Lilly, Novartis and Johnson & Johnson, with the Novartis collaboration expanding in February 2025 to double its original scope. Our internal drug candidate pipeline consists of multiple programs across oncology and immunology.

In March 2025, IsoLabs raised $600 million in its first external funding round, led by Thrive Capital with participation from GV and Alphabet. In May 2026, IsoLabs raised $2.1 billion in a Series B financing round. This investment will power our world-leading AI drug design engine, scale our business globally and progress our drug candidate pipeline. The round was led by Thrive Capital, and includes participation from existing backers Alphabet and GV alongside new investors MGX, Temasek, CapitalG, and the UK Sovereign AI Fund, significantly expanding our global capital base.Isomorphic Labs is scaling globally, with headquarters in London and offices in Lausanne, Switzerland and a US base in Cambridge, Massachusetts. We continue to progress our internal candidate programs towards the clinic while advancing across a broad range of modalities including small molecules, molecular glues, peptides, and antibodies.

### **Your impact**

The experienced Clinical Program Manager will help to lead the transition of our internal programs from pre-IND to clinical trial execution. Reporting to the Program Lead, this critical role will work with the cross-functional global team to drive clinical trial execution, managing timelines, risks, budgets and vendor partnerships. They will leverage AI and emerging technologies to ensure efficient outcomes with a high probability of success.

### **What you will do**

* **Project planning and execution:** Develop and own integrated project plans that track operational strategy, timelines, risks and dependencies across workstreams to ensure alignment between clinical objectives and company goals.
* **Cross-functional leadership and communication:** Act as the central point of contact ensuring high performance and alignment among the cross-functional clinical trial team.
* Lead project team meetings ensuring effective information sharing, decision making and documentation.
* Collaborate with preclinical program managers as well as AI/ML and data science teams to identify and implement new solutions to increase speed, scale and probability of success.
* **External Partnerships:** Oversee and manage a network of external vendors, CROs, partners and collaborators including budgets, timelines and key deliverables.
* **Stakeholder Management:** Provide regular updates to leadership and key stakeholders on clinical study execution and portfolio management.
* Proactively and in real-time help teams to problem solve and identify issues that impact key deliverables, timelines and budgets.

### **Skills and qualifications**

### **Essential:**

* You must have a proven track record of managing a clinical program from IND through late stage clinical development, within expected timelines and budgets.
* Experience working cross functionally with key stakeholders internally as well as external vendors and collaborators. Excellence in building relationships in both settings.
* Highly organized with experienced managing large budgets and complex interdependent timelines using project management tools.
* Strong sense of urgency and accountability to operate in a fast-paced environment.
* Flexibility to adapt to changing timelines and priorities.
* Strong leadership and excellent communication skills.
* Willingness and ability to motivate and hold accountable, interdisciplinary teams and vendors. Ensure on time and within budget execution.

### **Nice to have:**

* Formal program management qualification (eg PMP)
* Experience working as part of a global team across countries

### **Culture and values**

We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.

**Thoughtful**Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.

**Brave**Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.

**Determined**Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.

**Together**Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.

### **Creating an extraordinary company**

We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.

We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

### **Hybrid working**

It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and **would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week** (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.

**Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our [privacy policy](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy).**

>> [Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs](https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings)
