---
title: Member of Technical Staff, Agents Modeling
status: archived
id: 24fe6a0b-6209-4ee0-b622-49c18636d99c
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/24fe6a0b-6209-4ee0-b622-49c18636d99c
lastmod: '2025-08-28T10:16:44.327+00:00'
date: '2025-08-28T10:16:44.327+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Modeling
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

We’re looking for an experienced machine learning researcher / engineer who can help us push the frontiers of agentic LLM systems.As a part of the team, you will help drive exploration and development of agentic techniques and have the opportunity to build the models that power our agentic solutions. Agentic LLM systems are being deployed widely across enterprise companies including through Cohere’s North platform. In this role, you’ll be working with a team developing new strategies for training models for advanced agent capabilities including reasoning, tool use, and memory. This includes developing data-generation techniques for post-training (SFT and RL\*) Cohere’s models. Model advancements have direct impacts on North and other Cohere products creating an exciting opportunity where core model development leads to direct product advancements.

*Please Note: We have offices in London, Toronto, San Francisco, and New York, but we also embrace being remote-friendly! Our preference for this role is that you are based in Eastern Time, New York office, remote or hybrid works!*

**As a Member of Technical Staff for Agents Modeling you will:**

* Design and develop novel agentic solutions
* Improve upon SOTA on hard agentic tasks
* Research the next-generation of on-line learning-from-experience self-improvement
* Work with partner teams (Reasoning, Post-training, Pre-training, etc.) to improve performance of agentic system
* Work with an amazing team of researchers and engineers pushing the boundaries

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* Have a PhD in computer science or related field or similar industry research experience
* Strong software engineering skills
* Proficiency in Python and experience with ML-related code (e.g., pytorch, numpy, etc.)
* Experience with LLMs and agentic frameworks
* Experience with post-training LLMs (SFT, PEFT, or RL\*)
* Experience with building synthetic data generation pipelines

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
