---
title: Bilingual Content Strategist, EMEA (DE & EN) - Contract
status: archived
id: 9cb0729c-5bb4-403d-8234-9625bf7c9a1b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/9cb0729c-5bb4-403d-8234-9625bf7c9a1b
lastmod: '2026-06-12T14:10:38.084+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T14:10:38.084+00:00'
location: Germany
departments:
- Marketing
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Role Overview*****:***   
We are seeking a bilingual German and English content strategist for a 90-day contract. This is not just a copywriting role. We seek a professional who knows how to identify story opportunities, find compelling narrative angles in complex topics, and build marketing assets in various media formats for EMEA audiences, to start. You will work as part of a pod of content strategists and writers under the leadership of the Senior Manager of Content Strategy.

**In order to be considered for this contract opportunity you must include a link to a recent digital portfolio with your application.**

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Local thought leadership: Responsible for cultivating relationships with EMEA-based Cohere leaders and subject matter experts to share their perspectives in unique, compelling ways on owned media channels.
* Data storytelling: Synthesizing new and upcoming global research to produce data-led stories that position Cohere as the sovereign AI leader in the EMEA marketplace.
* Localization support: Determine the relevance of existing North American thought leadership and research efforts for EMEA and translating if appropriate.
* Conversion copywriting: Supporting the Growth Team with German-language copywriting across email, social ads, CTV, etc.  
    
  **Qualifications:**
* **Must** possess Full Professional/Full Bilingual (i.e. C2 level) English & German language skills.
* **Must** be based in Europe (GMT +1 or +2 time zones). Flexibility in work hours are required in order to partner effectively with the North American Content Team (Eastern & Pacific Time Zones).
* Bachelor's degree (or equivalent).
* 8+ years of professional experience in journalism, public relations, or technology marketing.
* Experience producing multimedia stories for non-technical audiences in B2B, tech, and/or AI industries.
* Strong critical thinking, analytical, and editorial judgment skills.
* Bonus: Familiar with the AI technology regulatory environment in EMEA.
* Bonus: Video editing skills.
