---
title: Sales Development Intern (Summer, Fall 2026)
status: archived
id: c73a21dd-167b-48f1-ad59-beb08db37858
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/c73a21dd-167b-48f1-ad59-beb08db37858
lastmod: '2026-05-20T20:47:26.039+00:00'
date: '2026-05-20T20:47:26.039+00:00'
location: Korea
departments:
- Internships
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**  
We are looking for a motivated, detail-oriented, organized Sales Intern to support our Revenue team members in APAC. Reporting to the VP APAC, you will have the opportunity to work cross-functionally and provide high value and impact to the leadership team and the company as a whole including interfacing with various organizations globally such as Sales, Operations, Marketing and Product Management. If you thrive in a dynamic, collaborative, and fast-paced environment and are interested in joining a fast-paced company, we’d be delighted to hear from you!  
 **Please Note**  
This full-time hours internship opportunity for a period of 3 -4 months. Candidates must be based in Korea and must possess Native-level Korean & fluent business-level English communication skills. Japanese language skills are a plus. To be eligible for this position, you should be currently enrolled in a post-secondary program.

**As a Sales Intern at Cohere, you will:**

* Support net-new logo acquisition by assisting with outbound business development activities, researching target accounts, and helping build initial relationships with key stakeholders under mentorship
* Participate in field marketing initiatives by supporting event logistics, on-site engagement, and lead capture at trade shows or local market activations, while learning to identify and qualify new prospects
* Learn to act as a trusted advisor by shadowing customer and prospect interactions, understanding their challenges and goals, and contributing to tailored solution discussions with guidance from the sales team
* Collaborate with channel partners by supporting outreach efforts, gathering insights on regional opportunities, and contributing to customer satisfaction initiatives in partnership with the sales team
* Assist Product and Engineering teams by providing customer insights from outreach activities and helping refine strategic motions for enterprise solutions through cross-functional collaboration
* Partner with Sales Development Representatives (SDRs) by supporting top-of-funnel activities, including lead qualification, outreach, and pipeline management, while learning best practices for driving early-stage engagement

Contribute to the sales cycle by assisting with initial outreach, supporting proof-of-concept coordination, and learning to navigate deal progression under the guidance of senior sales team members

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you:**

* Anticipate others’ needs and can work proactively to address them
* Are a strong communicator, both written and verbal - and feel comfortable speaking to different organizations in a company
* Are highly self-motivated and exercise discretion, tact, and professionalism
* Are detail-oriented, love staying organized, and stay cool under tight deadlines
* Are experienced with tools like Slack, Google Calendar, Google Sheets, Google Slides
* Enjoy a balance of collaborative and independent work

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
