---
title: Senior Counsel, Commercial Technology
status: archived
id: d9dc385c-8895-4daf-aed4-2a0dc6587fab
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/d9dc385c-8895-4daf-aed4-2a0dc6587fab
lastmod: '2026-04-24T19:13:38.520+00:00'
date: '2026-04-24T19:13:38.520+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Business Operations
- Legal
offices:
- New York
- San Francisco
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Why this role?**

The legal team at Cohere is dynamic, fast-paced and cross-functional, supporting all areas of the organization by providing timely, robust and practical legal advice and support. This role offers a unique opportunity to shape the future of enterprise AI and work on some of the most interesting and multi-faceted commercial negotiations globally. This role will partner closely with our go-to-market team, product and compliance teams alongside other cross-functional stakeholders to shape and scale Cohere’s deployment of B2B enterprise AI solutions. The successful candidate will be actively involved in negotiating a variety of complex commercial arrangements.

**As Senior Counsel, Commercial Technology, you will:**

* Lead and support Cohere with all commercial technology matters, including structuring, drafting, negotiating and reviewing complex commercial arrangements.
* Provide mentorship and support to other members of Cohere’s legal team.
* Engage with enterprise clients, partners, advisors and vendors on legal matters related to commercial contracting.
* Work with internal stakeholders and leaders across the organization to answer and resolve legal matters across a variety of functions.

* Build out legal strategy and refine processes related to commercial contracting, customer acquisition, vendor management and strategic partnerships.
* Oversee and manage legal contracting contract lifecycle management tools, company policies and procedures.

* Provide legal guidance, advice and education to the organization on commercial risks and opportunities, including new developments in the law.
* Optimize contracting processes and create operational efficiencies to empower company objectives, drive growth and reduce friction.

**You may be a good fit if:**

* You have a minimum of 7+ years in private practice and/or in-house, with a focus on technology contracting with sophisticated enterprises.
* You have experience with cross-border transactions, negotiating against counterparties in multiple jurisdictions (e.g., Canada, US, UK/EU).
* You have extensive experience negotiating Master Services Agreements (MSAs), order forms, statements of work (SOWs), and professional services agreements.
* Experience in public sector and regulated industry contracting will be considered an asset.
* You have some familiarity with existing and proposed regulations and issues impacting artificial intelligence.
* You have extensive experience leading legal negotiations on a variety of complex commercial arrangements, ideally with respect to AI issues.
* You are able to operate independently, have experience supervising and mentoring lawyers, and are comfortable with the fast-paced and evolving nature of new technology and technology startups.
* You are a strong communicator (both written and oral), collaborator and team player.
* You are analytical, collaborative, driven and have a passion for new and evolving areas of technology law focusing on AI.
* You are focused on solutions and have a practical, business-oriented mindset.
* Experience negotiating contracts with AI issues and complex strategic partnerships or collaborations with enterprises will be considered an asset.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
