---
title: Forward Deployed Engineer, Infrastructure Specialist
status: archived
id: fea8cc38-1a55-4f1c-a652-8c39c66138fc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/fea8cc38-1a55-4f1c-a652-8c39c66138fc
lastmod: '2026-02-23T10:30:37.965+00:00'
date: '2026-02-23T10:30:37.965+00:00'
location: Dubai
departments:
- Agentic Platform
offices:
- United Arab Emirates
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Enterprise Deployment Specialist to lead the implementation and deployment of our secure AI platform, [North](https://cohere.com/north), within enterprise organizations' environments. This role is crucial in ensuring a seamless and impactful integration of North, enabling our clients to leverage its capabilities effectively.

**Responsibilities:**

* Lead end-to-end deployment of North in private cloud and on-premises environments, including planning, configuration, testing, and rollout.
* Partner with enterprise IT teams to assess infrastructure, security requirements, and data management practices.
* Design and implement deployment strategies tailored to client needs, ensuring compliance with data privacy and security standards.
* Troubleshoot and resolve deployment-related technical issues, providing timely solutions to minimize downtime.
* Develop training materials and conduct sessions to empower users to adopt North’s capabilities effectively.

**Requirements:**

* 3+ years of experience deploying enterprise software in private/hybrid cloud environments.
* You are fluent in both English and Arabic.
* Strong expertise in cloud infrastructure (Azure, AWS, GCP), networking, and virtualization.
* Proven experience administering production Kubernetes clusters and expertise with Helm.
* Familiarity with DevOps practices, CI/CD pipelines, and tools like Git for version control.
* Excellent problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams.

We are open to candidates currently based in the Middle East or who are open to travelling or relocating.

The ideal candidate will have a track record of successful enterprise-level deployments, demonstrating the ability to manage complex projects and deliver impactful results. They should be adaptable, detail-oriented, and passionate about leveraging AI to drive organizational success.

Note: This role requires a deep understanding of both AI technologies and enterprise IT infrastructure, ensuring a seamless integration of North into diverse organizational environments.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
