---
title: Backend Technical Lead Manager - TaaS
status: archived
id: '6367980'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=6367980
lastmod: '2026-06-04T14:47:38-04:00'
date: '2024-11-12T15:49:21-05:00'
location: Warsaw, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-RODC2)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation of infrastructure for driverless cars? Join our Commercialization team, and help design the future of transportation! We are looking for a passionate Staff SWE who wants to help build the systems that manage and increase Waymo's core ride hailing and fleet management systems. If you're someone who's curious and passionate about Level 4 autonomous driving, proactive and product-minded and enjoy working on cross-cutting problems that require cross-team collaboration, both technically (mobile app, cloud backends, and the Waymo Driver) and functionally (operations, product, legal, partnerships, policy & privacy) to develop and deliver business critical infrastructure, Then we'd like to meet you!

In this hybrid role you'll report to an Engineering Director.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve one or more mission-critical commercialization tools and systems
* Collaborate with our Product, UX, and other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as demand planning, pickup / dropoff optimization, fleet optimization, field escalation handling, and more
* Navigate uncertainty, solving large, open-ended problems

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 6+ years experience working with backend tech (e.g. C++, Spanner)
* 2+ years of people management experience
* Technical leader experience

**It's a bonus if you have:**

* Experience working in environments including nontechnical team members
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Flume, Borg, Protocol Buffers, OnePlatform)
* Experience with operations tooling, developer productivity, or developer tools
* Experience with optimization / OR scheduler
* Experience with Geo (pathfinder, mapfacts, walking directions)

#LI-Hybrid
