---
title: 'Staff Software Engineer / Technical Lead Manager - Mapping   '
status: archived
id: '7306995'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7306995
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-10-20T14:53:52-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Waymo Mapping team's goal is to build a high resolution map of the world to support safe autonomous driving. We work on creating the map using a combination of automatic and manual techniques and build the infrastructure to store, process, and distribute the map. Our team collaborates with several other Waymo teams that consume map data.

**In this role, you will:**

* Lead a new team focused on Field Response infrastructure to help enable the next phase of Waymo’s rapid expansion
* Own the strategy and roadmap for Mapping change detection as a key component to scaling our mapping capabilities
* Hire and lead a team of engineers to solve open-ended business problems and deep technical challenges
* Design and build business-critical systems for taking low latency action in response to signals from Waymo’s fleet
* Build robust backend infrastructure and data processing that will scale with Waymo’s growth

**You have:**

* Experienced manager excited about both leading people and being highly technical
* Backend engineer with experience building server-side infrastructure and data processing
* Solid coding skills (C++ preferred)
* > 7 years of total experience, > 2 years of experience as a manager
* Strong sense of ownership and ability to thrive in ambiguity
* Proven track record of leading a team to solve difficult technical challenges

**It's a Bonus if you have:**

* Experience in Mapping and Localization
* Experience in the AV industry
* Experience hiring and building out a new team

#Li-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process.

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$238,000—$302,000 USD
