---
title: Onboard Frameworks Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '7412386'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7412386
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-11-26T15:49:59-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Sys Intel and Machine Lrng (SQT)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Onboard Frameworks Team provides the building blocks used to implement Waymo's onboard software stack. The team works closely with onboard engineers to design, launch, and land key APIs, development workflows, and tools to accelerate the pace of development across the company.

*In this Hybrid role, you will report to a Software Engineer.*

**You will:**

* Design, implement, and deploy core C++ APIs supporting all of: asynchrony management, experimentation, multi-platform deployments, data extraction workflows, debug journeys, and system visualization
* Holistically understand the lifecycle of Waymo's code and how it is used, to optimize it across all operating environments- on the car and in simulation
* Work with onboard teams to understand pain points, opportunities for improvement, and identify collaborations to improve Waymo's velocity
* Guide onboard teams on how to set up their software to be more efficient, flexible, scalable, and capable of adapting to Waymo's needs

**You have:**

* Bachelor's in Comp Sci, EE, Robotics, Physics, Math, or related field (or equivalent experience)
* 3 years of experience as a software engineer or similar roles
* 3 years of experience in C++
* 2 year of experience in software infrastructure/systems

**We prefer:**

* 2 years of experience working in a highly complex system supporting by hundreds of engineers and their tooling needs
* Experience migrating software systems with zero downtime
* Experience with performance analysis, including profiling, benchmarking, and optimization
* Experience in robotics

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
