---
title: Software Engineer, Vehicle Platforms C++
status: archived
id: '7429873'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7429873
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-05T19:19:24-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- ESWE Pose and Motion Control (7SI)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Software Engineering in the Hardware organization is where software meets the physical world. You will work on critical systems that manage autonomous vehicle functions, with teams such as Sensing, Vehicle Integration, Positioning, Motion Control, Fault Management, Onboard Automation and Embedded Simulation. We are looking for strong generalist software engineers to work across a wide array of domains, including embedded, controls, sensor processing, manufacturing calibration, simulation, data analysis, and also building higher-level state machines, interfaces and flows for fault management and automation.

You will have a direct & material impact on the ability of Waymo to scale to more vehicles and cities.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule* *and you will report to a Software Engineer.*

**You will:**

* Develop high-quality vertically-integrated C++ software systems (on-vehicle and off-vehicle software) to manage autonomous vehicle functions.  
  Analyze field data (logs) and simulation results.  
  Participate in cross-functional workflows (e.g., requirement reviews, project planning).

**You have:**

* Degree (BS, MS) in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or similar or equivalent practical experience.
* At least 2+ years of professional experience developing production software in modern C++ (i.e., C++17, C++20, etc.)
* This role is specifically for C++ and not for C/C++.
* Experience in at least one of: real-time / embedded systems or complex / distributed systems.

**We prefer:**

* Experience developing for and troubleshooting complex / distributed systems (e.g., vehicle gateway, backend software).
* In-depth understanding of microcontroller-based Embedded Systems and associated development and debugging tools.
* Working experience with safety critical systems / functional safety.
* Open source projects that demonstrate dedication to crafting high quality C++ software.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
