---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Event Response
status: archived
id: '7430650'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7430650
lastmod: '2026-06-12T17:10:25-04:00'
date: '2025-12-19T12:53:41-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, test, and maintain C++ software systems, tooling, and infrastructure to support real-world event and incident response.
* Build and evolve mission-critical tools and systems that allow Waymo to scale and serve new markets.
* Collaborate with Product, UX, and other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve.
* Ship solutions to novel problems that arise in a fast-paced environment.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 4+ years of experience in backend development.
* Experience with backend coding languages: C++, Python, and/or Java.
* Experience with design for distributed systems.
* Strong collaboration and communication skills.

**We prefer:**

* Professional experience developing modern C++ production software.
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Borg, Protocol Buffers, Spanner).
* Experience with engineering artifacts, reliability monitoring and alerting, documentation, integration testing, production hygiene, and support processes.
* Experience working in cross functional environments that include non-technical stakeholders.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
