---
title: Insurance Risk Manager
status: archived
id: '7435342'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7435342
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-22T19:16:13-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- O-Insur-Corp (6A1)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

At Waymo Insurance, you will work on the cutting edge of emerging risk and related issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our legal, public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to evaluate and manage risks for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on insurance trends, evaluating and quantifying product liability, auto, cyber and related risks to ensure we build the appropriate risk and insurance frameworks to support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our business development, product partnership, strategy and operations teams in the execution of our business plans to ensure the company's interests are well protected from existing, new and emerging risks. We support the legal, policy and regulatory teams as they optimize our exposure in line with our risk appetite through the review of contracts, evaluation and shaping of emerging law and regulation at both the state and federal level. And we anticipate, quantify and mitigate emerging risk by maintaining active relationships and frequent contact with insurance and AV industry partners.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Insurance Infrastructure

**You will:**

* Manage large, complex insurance renewals and insurance-related processes to support Waymo’s evolving business needs.
* Independently drive outcomes for insurance projects, serving as a critical contributor and leader for cross-functional efforts.
* Conduct regular reviews of existing processes, analyzing effectiveness and efficiency to execute necessary improvements and automation.
* Analyze and monitor activities within the risk management org and ensure proper documentation alignment and follow-up with stakeholders.
* Self-direct and guide team members through project milestones, communicating with stakeholders to acquire resources and present results.
* Collaborate across teams, clearly articulating a subject matter point of view to identify, assess, and track risks.

**You have:**

* Significant years of experience in insurance, risk management, or underwriting, with a track record of managing complex risks.
* Technical Depth: Strong knowledge of commercial insurance lines (Auto, General Liability, etc.) and experience applying these to technology or fleet environments.
* Process Improvement: Demonstrated ability to analyze business processes and build sustainable, repeatable improvements or process maps.
* Project Management: Experience independently leading sub-projects or cross-functional work streams from scoping to execution.
* Education: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Risk Management, or a related field (Master’s or JD preferred)
* Master's degree or higher in Business Administration, Finance, Risk Management, Law, or a related quantitative field.

**We prefer:**

* Professional designations such as CPCU, ARM, or ARe, indicating advanced expertise in property-casualty insurance or risk management.
* Juris Doctor (JD) degree from an accredited law school.
* Experience working with or within a technology-focused organization, particularly one involved in autonomous systems or disruptive innovations.
* Demonstrated experience in a global role, managing insurance programs across multiple international jurisdictions.
* Proven track record of building and leading high-performing teams within a fast-paced and evolving environment.
* Familiarity with alternative risk transfer mechanisms

**Travel Required**: 10%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$158,000—$194,000 USD
