---
title: Infra SWE Query & Storage
status: archived
id: '7438373'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7438373
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T16:07:59-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, test, and deploy new features for SQL-based query APIs and systems to analyze and generate metrics for Waymo Driver evaluations.
* Analyze and improve the performance and scalability of the query execution engine.
* Write well-structured, testable, and maintainable code in C++ and SQL languages, adhering to best practices in software engineering.
* Monitor system health and performance, proactively addressing issues.
* Collaborate with data scientists, product managers, and engineers across Waymo to understand data needs in Simulation, Planner, Behavior, Perception, and Commercialization to define requirements and ensure solutions meet analysis needs.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field.
* 3+  years of professional backend software engineering experience.
* Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles. Demonstrated ability to debug and solve technical problems.
* Proficiency in at least one programming language (C++, Java, or Python).
* Proficiency in writing and optimizing SQL queries.
* Effective communication and collaboration skills, with an ability to work well in a team environment.

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with GoogleSQL/Postgres SQL and query execution engines like F1 Query / Postgres.
* Experience with performance profiling, benchmarking, and system optimization.
* Previous exposure to data analysis, metrics, or evaluation platforms.
* Academic background in mathematics or statistics, or equivalent industry experience.
* Experience with large-scale distributed systems and data processing frameworks.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
