---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager, Simulator
status: archived
id: '7442190'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7442190
lastmod: '2026-06-01T18:31:39-04:00'
date: '2025-12-11T18:42:31-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Technical Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports and you will report to a Manager of Technical Program Management.*

**You will:**

* Partner with the main Simulator stakeholders (Engineering & Product Managers) to own and drive the vision and strategy of the overall Simulator platform & experience at Waymo
* Keep track of progress on helping teams manage and improve the capabilities, efficiency, usability, scalability, and performance of the Simulator
* Align programs on core Simulator goals. Especially when Simulator programs are ambiguous and support a wide range of capabilities alongside managing cross functional programs
* Strongly oriented towards making decisions that will benefit users of Simulator as a whole rather than optimizing for a specific organization
* Work extensively with 3D environments
* Ability to manage without influence and have the right amount of downward, outward, and upward alignment, collaboration, and communication of your program
* Having fun 100%

**You have:**

* STEM background
* Large scale project management experience (multiple projects, multiple stakeholders, large teams, complex team setup)
* 2-4 years of experience in TPM roles
* 1-2 years of experience with 3D Graphics or 3D Game Engine (Unreal, Unity, etc.) Experience
* Experience as a professional software developer in a larger corporate environment
* Experience with Machine Learning

**We prefer:**

* Computer science background or MBA
* Masters or advanced technology degree
* Prior experience with autonomous driving
* Prior experience with software simulation tools
* Experience with multi-geo, multi-cultural teams
* Project management education (PMP or similar)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$248,000 USD
