---
title: Onboard Developer Platform Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '7461052'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7461052
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-15T16:24:08-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Sys Intel and Machine Lrng (SQT)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo is in the process of hyper-scaling. We must enhance developer productivity of onboard engineers to enable the entire organization to quickly scale and address emerging challenges.

The goal of this team is to build the infrastructure, architecture, tooling, and platform necessary to accelerate development by identifying and addressing the critical needs and bottlenecks faced by onboard engineers.

*In this hybrid role you will report to a Staff Software Engineer / Tech Lead Manager.*

**You will:**

* Develop reliable, scalable, and maintainable systems to meet user needs, including accelerating large-scale simulation and eval, reinforcement learning-based fine-tuning pipeline, and analysis.
* Evolve and scale up the simulation and evaluation platform to accelerate the "inner loop" of software development by 10X for onboard engineers (500+).
* Develop the ADV's modular architecture and frameworks to achieve low latency, high reproducibility and realism when simulating in our data centers, while maintaining high performance for on-car driving.
* Optimize system resource usage to simulation at scale in Cloud datacenters: minimizing CPU utilization and latency, minimizing RAM consumption, intelligently determining which computations should happen on CPU, GPU, and TPU.
* Collaborate to resolve compute performance bottlenecks throughout the ADV, simulator and analysis software stacks, ensuring end-to-end low latency for simulation and analysis.
* Develop necessary high scale performance evaluation, debugging and software change management processes.

**You have:**

* BS in Comp Sci, EE, Robotics, Physics, Math, or related field (or equivalent experience)
* 3 years of experience as a Software Engineer or similar roles
* 3 years of experience in C++
* 2 years of experience working on a large-scale/high complexity system (supported by hundreds of engineers)
* 2 years of experience working on infrastructure work: building performant, easy to use, scalable systems and tools.

**We prefer:**

* 2 years in infrastructure/systems/performance domain optimizing end-to-end system for high performance
* 2 years of experience optimizing software systems using profile guided techniques
* Experience in large-scale evaluation techniques
* Experience in large-scale software re-architecture projects
* Experience in ML pipelines and workflows

#LI-Hyrbid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
