---
title: Technical Lead Manager, Fullstack
status: archived
id: '7512147'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7512147
lastmod: '2026-06-04T14:47:38-04:00'
date: '2026-01-16T23:44:19-05:00'
location: Warsaw, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-RODC2)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation of infrastructure for driverless cars?

Join our Waymo Simulation team, and help us design the future of transportation! We are looking for a passionate Senior SWE who wants to help build the systems that improve Waymo's core simulation systems.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Director.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve one or more mission-critical commercialization tools and systems
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as demand planning, pickup / dropoff optimization, fleet optimization, field escalation handling, and more
* Hire and manage a team of engineers
* Collaborate with US peers to work on the next generation of AI-driven UI for an internal simulation tool
* Building a full-stack product using Alphabet tech stack
* Improve / monitor the performance, scalability and the reliability of the simulator

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years of professional experience in software development
* Hands-on experience building a popular (internal or external-facing) product
* Strong experience of technical leadership and communication skills
* Strong development proficiency in C++, Python, or Angular

**We prefer:**

* You have experience working in a distributed organization with US teams
* Previous management experience
* Strong experience working on backend or full stack products, and is willing to expand to both
* Experience developing products that use LLM

#LI-Hybrid
