---
title: ML Microarchitect
status: archived
id: '7616808'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7616808
lastmod: '2026-05-29T15:18:12-04:00'
date: '2026-02-13T19:40:48-05:00'
location: 'Mountain View, California '
departments:
- Compute (7LR)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Compute Team is tasked with a critical and exciting mission: We deliver the compute platform responsible for running the fully autonomous vehicle’s software stack. To achieve our mission, we architect and create high-performance custom silicon; we develop system-level compute architectures that push the boundaries of performance, power, and latency; and we collaborate closely with many other teammates to ensure we design and optimize hardware and software for maximum performance. We are a multidisciplinary team seeking curious and talented teammates to work on one of the world’s highest performance automotive compute platforms.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to the Senior Staff Silicon Engineer.

**You will:**

* Work with researchers and architects to translate high level requirements into hardware features
* Specify and design microarchitectures to deliver world class ML performance
* Perform power, area and performance exploration and optimization of digital designs
* Design high performance execution units, arithmetic circuits and programmable engines
* Work with verification teams to guarantee functional correctness and performance

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Engineering or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years of industry experience with SystemVerilog, RTL design and microarchitecture
* 3+ years designing and specifying microarchitectures of high performance computing cores (CPU/GPU/NPU)
* Fluency in at least one high level programming language such as Python, C++

**We prefer:**

* Experience designing datapath elements of high performance cores (CPU/GPU/NPU)
* Experience working with Chisel (Scala) or other higher-level hardware DSLs
* Working knowledge of machine learning algorithms & how they map to hardware
* Familiarity with Synthesis and power analysis tools
* Experience working with formal tools for datapath verification

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
