---
title: Software Engineer, Strategic SWE Reserve
status: archived
id: '7622998'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7622998
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-16T14:14:55-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Planner (7LU)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Strategic SWE Reserve (SSR) is a versatile task force designed to bridge the gaps in Waymo’s most critical scaling efforts. We operate as internal generalists, jumping into any part of the stack— from onboard software that drives the car to offboard infrastructure that directs our fleet of thousands of cars— to fix problems & unblock high-priority goals. This role requires an engineer who is “breadth first” and loves working in new codebases. If you are a doer who prefers delivering high-leverage solutions, SSR offers the broadest possible view of how we build and scale the World’s Most Experienced Driver.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Technical Lead Manager*

**You will:**

* Work across all of Waymo’s codebase to fix time-sensitive scaling bottlenecks for our Ride Hailing product
* Build tools to allow Waymo to monitor & improve our driving behavior
* Identify problems & pain points that fall between teams/organizations and work with stakeholders to solve them
* Quickly ramp and contribute in many parts of the Waymo stack

**You have:**

* BS/MS/PHD in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience
* General software engineering experience programming in C++ with robust and efficient code
* A “Breadth-First” mindset – you love learning about new things & thinking about how to make them better
* Ability to collaborate within and across teams
* Ability to rapidly ramp up on new codebases/projects

**We prefer:**

* 3+ years of Software Engineering experience
* Experience using SQL to collect & analyze data

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$259,000 USD
