---
title: Real Estate & Transaction Manager
status: archived
id: '7630337'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7630337
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-02-23T13:53:35-05:00'
location: New York, NY, USA; Washington, DC, USA
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- Washington DC (US-WAS-CAP)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Infrastructure is at the core of Waymo's commercial business, driving all our initiatives. Our depots and charging sites are critical for keeping cars on the road and directly impact the business's bottom line. Waymo's Real Estate & Transaction Managers will work collaboratively with our cross functional partners to maintain and grow existing markets while also leading expansion into new territories. This position requires a creative real estate professional with a background in nontraditional uses. Travel will be required to support site searches.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of North America Real Estate & Transactions*

**You will:**

* Work collaboratively with internal stakeholders to advance real estate projects to deliver critical infrastructure supporting the operations business
* Develop market and site-level execution strategies based on company goals and product nuances
* Problem-solve complex transactional and project challenges to ensure timely and budget-compliant infrastructure delivery, in direct collaboration with xWF real estate partners.
* Perform market level diligence to support site selection
* Represent Waymo with national, regional and local Landlords && Developers through complex real estate transactions
* Support financial analysis of transactions to ensure the cost profile fits within the overall goals of the business

**You have:**

* A minimum of 7 years of experience in commercial real estate
* Highly proficient real estate acumen, including complex lease transactions, financial analysis, and portfolio management.
* Experience working cross functionally, with partners in and outside of the real estate department, to deliver a holistic project
* Proficiency in business case development and approval form delivery
* Understanding of legal real estate terms and clauses
* Lease review and negotiations experience

**We prefer:**

* Land use/zoning experience
* Automotive and/or industrial experience
* Experience with electric vehicle charging infrastructure
* Real estate finance experience
* Drive to work in a fast-paced, startup-like environment

**Travel requirements:**

* 40% to 60% travel

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$241,000 USD
