---
title: Group Product Manager, London
status: archived
id: '7650676'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7650676
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-02-27T19:36:57-05:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo's technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

In this role, you will report to a Senior Director, Product Management.

**You will:**

* Drive on-the ground execution of Waymo’s rider only service enablement and rollout in London and other cities in UK
* Define roadmap for service expansion in UK by working cross-functionally with strategy, business development, product and operations teams
* Develop deep understanding of local market/rider requirements and funnel back into the broader product and engineering teams
* Liaise with local partner(s) on product/ service integration requirements
* Be the first point of contact for tackling any product challenges in the local market and work closely with the appropriate teams on expedient resolution

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
* 10+ years of combined experience in product management (or related discipline) and software engineering
* Experience in launching and scaling highly complex product or service in UK
* Experience balancing a complex set of priorities across the product lifecycle (development to commercialization)
* Excellent interpersonal skills to work effectively with both internal and external stakeholders (consumers, vendors, partner)

**We prefer:**

* Experience working in the ride hailing or transportation industry in UK
* Experience working with localization of US based service or products in UK
* Experience working on AV, Robotics, or products that utilize Machine Learning or AI

**Travel Requirements:**

* Ability to travel to Mountain View frequently in the initial 6 months to ramp up on the domain & technology; thereafter more sustained travel on as needed basis

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£180,000—£194,000 GBP
