---
title: Global Process Manager, Waymo Support
status: archived
id: '7676187'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7676187
lastmod: '2026-06-18T11:57:17-04:00'
date: '2026-03-11T12:44:48-04:00'
location: Los Angeles, CA, USA; Phoenix, AZ, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;
departments:
- RHO - Operations Center (M6D)
offices:
- Los Angeles (US-LAX-GRAN2037)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Support and Operations Intelligence*

**You will:**

* **End to End Process Design:** Own the end-to-end support journey processes, from initial contact to resolution, focusing on most impactful workflows. Design, document, and maintain a standardized global library of processes (SOPs), workflows, and policies for all Rider Support channels, in line with the Rider Support vision and strategy. Serve as the subject matter expert on these processes to internal and external audiences.
* **Technical Skills**: Process mapping and demonstrated mastery of software like Lucidchart, Visio, Miro, or other process mapping tools.
* **Build and Execute Roadmap:** Develop and execute a roadmap for continuous improvement, targeting processes with greatest measured rider impact (touching process/policy, people, and technology). Collaborate with and gain buy-in from Rider Support Program Lead, Product/Engineering, QA, systems teams, and executive leadership.
* **Continuous improvement:** Analyze all inputs to process effectiveness and leverage these inputs to drive continuous positive change: Conduct regular audits and deep-dive analyses, analyze contact rate and changes over time, analyze rider success metrics like customer satisfaction (CSAT) and customer effort score (CES), assess output from retrospective and root cause analyses performed on operations events, and design additional methods for pulling effectiveness data. Use all these inputs and others to consistently improve our processes and policies.
* **Gap Analysis and Auditing:** Conduct regular audits and deep-dive analyses to identify process inefficiencies, policy ambiguity, and compliance risks, specifically measuring impact on Customer Effort Score (CES), Customer Satisfaction (CSAT), and operational cost.
* **Change Management:** Lead change and governance for all support operation changes, ensuring new processes are vetted, approved by stakeholders (Legal, Safety, Engineering, Training, Product, and more), and flawlessly implemented globally and at scale.

**You have:**

* 8 years of experience in roles driving process optimization and design, particularly in high complexity businesses like autonomous vehicle logistics or support, transportation, commercial aviation, or logistics.
* Bachelor's degree.
* Demonstrate excellent problem-solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills with experience in applying in a complex business.
* Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work with and influence cross-functional teams and external partners.
* Ability to deal with multiple conflicting priorities and stakeholder issues while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions.
* Process mapping tool mastery.

**We prefer:**

* Degree in Industrial Engineering
* Masters Degree in Business Administration
* Six Sigma Certifications

**Travel Requirement:**

* 20% travel required for partnership meetings.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$202,000 USD
