---
title: Software Engineer, ML Accelerator Modeling (TW)
status: archived
id: '7728681'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7728681
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T15:56:29-04:00'
location: Hsinchu City, Taiwan; Taipei City, Taiwan
departments:
- Compute (7LR)
offices:
- Hsinchu (TW-ZBC-TYP)
- Taipei (TW-TPE-101)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Compute Team is tasked with a critical and exciting mission: We deliver the compute platform responsible for running the fully autonomous vehicle's software stack. To achieve our mission, we architect and create high-performance custom silicon; we develop system-level compute architectures that push the boundaries of performance, power, and latency; and we collaborate closely with many other teammates to ensure we design and optimize hardware and software for maximum performance. We are a multidisciplinary team seeking curious and talented teammates to work on one of the world's highest performance automotive compute platforms.

*In this onsite role, you will report to a Hardware Engineering Manager*

**You will:**

* Prototype the hardware: Design and implement high-performance, high-fidelity C++ software models that serve as the blueprint for next-generation machine learning accelerators.
* Empower engineering velocity: Develop scalable software infrastructure and tools that enable the entire team to analyze performance data and rapidly optimize future hardware designs.
* Push the limits of silicon: Define and write rigorous software benchmarks to expose architectural bottlenecks, ensuring our hardware meets aggressive functional and performance goals.
* Verify correctness: Write critical validation code to guarantee that our software simulators serve as a "source of truth," accurately reflecting the behavior of complex hardware.
* Bridge the Hardware/Software gap: Collaborate closely with cross-functional engineering teams to drive requirements and gain deep expertise in the intricacies of ML accelerator architecture.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent, or equivalent practical experience
* 2+ years of industry experience building performance-critical applications in C++
* Strong programming fundamentals - data structures, algorithms and problem solving ability
* Basic understanding of how programs execute on hardware and how to optimize performance

**We prefer:**

* Demonstrated ability to dive into new problem domains and apply your programming skills to solve them.
* Familiarity with fundamentals of computer architecture
* Experience with low-level systems programming, embedded systems, or performance optimization
* Prior experience in hardware or ML is a plus, but not required

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$2,600,000—$2,990,000 TWD
