---
title: 'Staff Robotics Engineer '
status: archived
id: '7788619'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7788619
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-08T04:05:42-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- HW Equipment (7LP)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Automation Manufacturing Lead.

**You will:**

* **Subsystem Technical Ownership:** Own the end-to-end lifecycle of modular, high-precision mechatronic cells and specialized robotic service modules within a broader automated framework.
* **Universal Framework Development:** Architect modular mechanical and electrical systems that can be adapted across diverse AV service applications (e.g., transitioning a motion platform from a cleaning module to a charging or tire-service module).
* **Prototype Integration:** Lead the integration of R&D prototypes into high-volume production-ready subsystems, driving the design of electrical and mechanical architectures.
* **Custom Tooling & EOAT:** Design and iterate on specialized end-effectors and proprietary hardware interfaces tailored for high-precision physical manipulation and multi-modal processing tasks.
* **Full-Stack Debugging:** Independently troubleshoot and resolve complex issues across PLC/Host software, mechanical assemblies, and electrical circuits within the subsystem.

**You have:**

* **Education:** BS/MS in Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent.
* **Expertise:** 8+ years in automation or equipment engineering, with a focus on mechatronic subsystems and modular machine design.
* **Systems Debugging:** Proven ability to debug the "full-stack": PLC logic, high-level code (C# or Python), and complex mechanical/electrical hardware.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:** Ability to work independently while collaborating closely with Depot Operations and Manufacturing teams to ensure clear requirement definition and solution compatibility.

**We prefer:**

* **Robotics & Simulation:** Proficiency in **ROS2** and **IsaacSIM** for modeling robotic interactions and path planning.
* **Specific Domain Knowledge:** Experience with material handling systems, automated equipment, or productionized robotic solutions.
* **Computer Vision:** Familiarity with 3D localization or VLM-based object detection (e.g., perception/ segmentation).
* **Vendor Management:** Experience conducting **FAT/SAT** validation and managing technical deliverables with APAC-based contract manufacturers.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Travel to Malaysia (Occasionally)
* Travel Domestically (Occasionally)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$210,000—$259,000 USD
