---
title: Program Manager, AV Compliance - Regulatory Response and Compliance Monitoring
status: archived
id: '7822596'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7822596
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-17T12:49:34-04:00'
location: San Francisco, USA
departments:
- Regulatory Compliance (CBU)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Senior Program Manager, AV Compliance - Regulatory Response and Compliance Monitoring

**You will:**

* Monitoring: Continuously track key metrics to gauge operational risk and effectiveness of AV compliance controls. This includes monitoring for new or changing Waymo, regulatory or internal business requirements.
* Assessment: Assist in the execution of periodic, risk-based assessments of internal compliance controls, focusing on testing the design and operating effectiveness of those controls.
* Regulatory Response: Lead or support the response to regulatory inquiries, investigations, and requests for information, including through drafting portions of external-facing reports and assisting in preparation for virtual presentations to regulators about sensitive events.
* Quality Assurance: Assist lines-of-business with designing effective compliance controls, including data quality assurance systems that mitigate risk of non-compliance through incomplete or inaccurate data.
* Partner with Compliance: Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for regulatory compliance requirements during third-party partner assurance activities.

**You have:**

* Experience in Regulatory Compliance / Risk Frameworks: Demonstrated experience working with regulatory compliance or risk frameworks, with an understanding of how to interpret and apply regulations in a business context or how to make representations about business activities to a regulatory audience.
* Data Analysis Proficiency (Excel / Google Sheets): Ability to use basic data analysis tools (such as Excel or Google Sheets) to analyze datasets, identify trends, catalog discrepancies, and support compliance activities.
* Effective Collaboration: Proven ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional partners to navigate challenging and ambiguous work streams in support of compliance objectives.
* Process Evaluation and Issue Spotting: Experience in evaluating the effectiveness of business processes, proactively identifying potential compliance gaps, risks, or areas of non-conformance.
* Process Improvement and Automation: Practical experience developing and implementing process improvements, such as through the design of automated monitoring or control systems to enhance compliance efficiency and effectiveness and through the use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools.
* Responsiveness and Agility: Demonstrated experience in handling multiple ongoing projects or deliverables and ability to remain responsive and flexible in a fast-moving environment with tight deadlines.

**We prefer:**

* Compliance Assessment Experience: Practical experience leading or supporting formal compliance assessments, including gathering evidence, performing gap analysis, and documenting findings.
* Tooling Development Collaboration: Prior experience working directly with engineering or development teams to define requirements and scope out the creation of internal compliance tools, monitoring systems, or automation solutions.
* SQL Experience: Proficiency in using SQL to query, analyze, and manipulate large datasets for compliance monitoring, investigation, or reporting purposes.
* External Report-Drafting Experience: Proven ability to create professional, accurate, and high-sensitivity written materials, such as reports, responses to regulators, or formal compliance documentation for external audiences.
* Project and Program Management Skills: Excellent organizational skills and a track record of successfully managing complex, cross-functional compliance projects, deliverables, and timelines from inception to completion.
* Personable: A high degree of emotional intelligence, demonstrating self-awareness, effective interpersonal communication, and a proactive, accountable, and supportive attitude within a team environment. Ability to defuse high-sensitivity discussions and create and preserve a collaborative, constructive dialog.

Travel Requirements:

Up to 5%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$137,000—$169,000 USD
