---
title: Real Estate & Transaction Manager
status: archived
id: '7825777'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7825777
lastmod: '2026-06-22T13:35:29-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T11:28:07-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Infrastructure is at the core of Waymo's commercial business, driving all our initiatives. Our depots and charging sites are critical for keeping cars on the road and directly impact the business's bottom line. Waymo's Real Estate & Transaction Managers will work collaboratively with our cross functional partners to maintain and grow existing markets while also leading expansion into new territories. This position requires a creative real estate professional with a background in nontraditional uses. Travel will be required to support site searches.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of EMEA Real Estate & Transactions*

**You will:**

* Work collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders, advancing critical infrastructure Real Estate projects to enable Waymo's operations
* Develop and execute on market / site-level strategies based on the company's goals and market realities
* Problem-solve complex transactional and project challenges to deliver timely, on-budget infrastructure
* Support market entry decisions through market level due diligence
* Represent Waymo with key landlords, developers and stakeholders to achieve delivery of complex real estate transactions
* Demonstrate robust financial understanding, ensuring the cost profile of transactions enables business goals

**You have:**

* A minimum of 7 years experience in commercial Real Estate, ideally with a professional qualification (e.g. MRICS)
* Demonstrable experience in sourcing industrial real estate from start to finish - including transactional structuring and through legal negotiations
* Knowledge of power intensive use cases and experience in integrating utility upgrades as part of real estate transactions
* Experience in preparing investment committee materials and presenting for approval
* Excellent communication, analytical and presentation skills

**We prefer:**

* Experience in the industrial Real Estate or Electric Vehicle charging sectors
* Chartered Surveyor or Equivalent
* Experience working across multiple markets across EMEA
* Experience in fast-paced, scaling organizations

((Remote jobs only - Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.))

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£118,000—£124,000 GBP
