---
title: Talent Brand Manager
status: archived
id: '7847835'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7847835
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T14:28:49-04:00'
location: 'Mountain View, CA, USA '
departments:
- Recruiting (6A0)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s People team recruits and supports the world’s best talent (including, we hope, you). Our HR business partners, program administrators, staffers, and compensation specialists help our employees attain their full potential in a healthy, considerate and supportive environment. We take our role as stewards of Waymo's culture seriously.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Head of Talent Brand.*

**You will:**

* Develop and lead the end-to-end employer brand and recruitment marketing strategy.
* Conduct qualitative and quantitative research and monitor employer brand health. Provide data-backed recommendations to senior leadership for continuous Employee Value Proposition (EVP) refinement.
* Act as a consultative partner for recruiting teams to help Waymo achieve specific hiring targets through targeted audience segmentation.
* Oversee and directly manage all talent-facing digital platforms.
* Orchestrate cohesive brand activations across social media, recruitment marketing, and industry-specific events to embed Waymo’s brand within relevant talent communities.
* Liaise seamlessly with Marketing, Communications, Design, Social and other cross-functional teams teams to ensure employer branding aligns with Waymo’s overarching corporate identity.

**You have:**

* 8 + years of relevant talent branding/marketing/recruiting experience.
* 4+ years of project management experience.
* Leveraged data-driven insights to evaluate campaign performance and optimize recruitment marketing ROI.
* Demonstrate high operational agility and the ability to thrive in ambiguous, rapid-growth settings.

**We prefer:**

* Experience optimizing and scaling digital and out of home campaigns that improve acquisition conversion and engagement using data driven strategies.
* Scaled brand resonance by launching targeted activations that bridged the gap between digital presence and live industry touchpoints, resulting in increased top-of-funnel growth.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$234,000 USD
