---
title: International Program Manager
status: archived
id: '7851903'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7851903
lastmod: '2026-06-01T18:31:39-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T20:18:02-04:00'
location: New York, NY, USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Market Entry & Partner Enablement Team consists of Waymo Ops Program Managers focused on enabling the launch and scaling of new market operations end-to-end throughout partners’ (both commercial and validation operators) journeys and across all geographies both internationally and domestically. The team does this by facilitating the integration of new operational partnerships into the Waymo ecosystem. They do this by developing and maintaining processes and documentation for internal use and partner education, and by offering direct support to deal teams leading specialized programs. These programs enable partners to achieve successful, safe, standard-compliant, and independent operations at scale even as Waymo technology, standards, and best practices evolve rapidly.

This role will report to the Manager of New Business Operations - Commercial Growth & Planning.

**You will:**

* Build, maintain, and facilitate the execution of Operations-focused multi-team internal playbooks and documentation to enable successful & reliable international new market launches, covering everything from physical infrastructure and equipment to local vendor relationships and supply chain enablement. You aren't the expert in any given area, but you take a firm hand to orchestrate, fairly assess risks at all levels, and drive continuous improvement.
* Identify opportunities for process improvement in how Waymo Operations uses to prepare for and execute market entry and early operations expansions in new international cities working closely with internal cross-functional stakeholders across Legal, Regulatory, Safety, Waymo Real Estate, Product, Supply Chain, Business Development and other teams to drive these improvements.
* Represent Operations efforts and interests in internal program review cadences focused on market entry from early planning through to commercial launch.

**You have:**

* Operational Strategy & Program Management Expertise: 7-10+ years of experience in Program Management, specifically in roles focused on Process Excellence, Sales/Ops Enablement, and/or Strategy & Operations. Must have a proven track record of turning ambiguous problems and workflows into clear, actionable decisions, playbooks and processes.

* Adaptability in High-Growth Environments: Experience working in a fast-paced environment (like Tech or Global Logistics) where products, processes, and standards change frequently. You must be comfortable guiding forward progress with limited information and revisiting plans as the fact base changes.
* Cross-Functional & Leadership Communications Skills: Demonstrated ability to communicate at all levels of an organization and influence without authority, from senior company leaders needing an update to working group subject matter experts needing guidance.
* Experience with International Launches and/or Global Business Units: Experience program managing or otherwise supporting growth in multi-country business units. You understand that "one size does not fit all" and have a track record of integrating local nuance into a global approach.

**We prefer:**

* Data-Driven Process Improvement: Proficiency in using Lean, Six Sigma, or similar process improvement methodologies to measure the efficacy of a process. You don't just write a manual; you measure whether that manual actually delivered the desired outcomes.
* Planning and Modeling Experience: Confidence with basic spreadsheet modeling, preferably with physical asset, real estate, and/or headcount planning.

**Travel requirements:**

* 30% of the year is spent traveling for in-person time with your team and visiting markets where you are program managing launches.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
