---
title: Senior Remote Assistance & Vehicle Dispatch Strategy & Planning PgM
status: archived
id: '7851819'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7851819
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T10:14:22-04:00'
location: Tempe, AZ, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Los Angeles,
  CA, USA
departments:
- RHO - Operations Center (M6D)
offices:
- Los Angeles (US-LAX-GRAN2037)
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Head of Fleet Response*

**You will:**

* Long-Term Strategy: Define and drive long-term Remote Assistance goals and strategy to ensure organizational maturity and product delivery as the business scales.
* Future Market Planning: Manage future market launches for Waymo’s Remote Assistance teams
* Program Leadership: Develop and deliver projects and programs that support the overall Waymo Mission
* Operational Readiness: Serve as a key member of the Ops Readiness Working Group and participate in Operational Readiness Reviews with cross functional stakeholders to ensure smooth program delivery
* Future Platforms: Lead planning efforts for future vehicle platforms, proactively identifying challenges and generating solutions to de-risk integration and overcome obstacles.
* Innovation & Scale: Develop innovative solutions and processes to enable rapid deployment of scale, including setting up new frameworks and operational processes.
* Cross-Functional Collaboration: Maintain strong feedback loops with Ops PgMs, Vendor Managers, Product, Safety, and Engineering teams regarding upcoming changes, and provide input on tooling prioritization and roadmap needs.

**You have:**

* 10+ years with program management in operations, strategy, and planning.
* Bachelor's degree in business or related field
* Demonstrate excellent problem-solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills with experience in applying project management tools
* Exhibit exceptional quantitative skills
* Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work with and influence cross-functional teams and external partners
* Ability to deal with multiple conflicting priorities and stakeholder issues while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions

**We prefer:**

* 8+ years experience leading outsourcing engagements, experience scaling outsourcing engagements and bringing immature operations to maturity
* Masters Degree in Business Administration
* Experience with Continuous Improvement Activities

**Travel requirement:**

* 20% of the time

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$234,000 USD
