---
title: Demand Operations Program Manager (East Regional)
status: archived
id: '7851939'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7851939
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T20:41:49-04:00'
location: New York City, NY, USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

The Demand Operations team keeps the pulse on community sentiment and service quality within the Southeast markets. The core function of the Demand Ops Program Manager is to ensure that Waymo maintains a positive presence in the community by minimizing disruptions to events, reporting on market health to internal stakeholders, partnering with Engineering and Product to optimize pickup and dropoff experience at top locations, and build relationships with community members.

**This role is hybrid in New York City, NY with travel to other East Regional markets.**

**You will:**

* **Rider Experience:** Monitor, mitigate, and respond to service quality issues based on data, rider, and community feedback to ensure a superior and seamless service environment.
* **Strategic Pre-positioning:** Utilize internal systems and forecasting tools to oversee fleet staging, ensuring vehicles are positioned to meet real-time rider demand and minimize wait times across diverse territories.
* **PUDO Performance:** Own the end-to-end Pickup and Drop-off experience at top venues. Analyze performance data to identify friction points, implement operational fixes that improve safety and efficiency at the curb, and work with external partners to enhance the experience.
* **Event Management:** Lead the operational planning for high-traffic city events, creating specialized staging and PUDO strategies that prioritize rider experience while adhering to local regulations.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:** Partner with internal teams (i.e. Product, Public Affairs, Mapping) to ensure that our technical capabilities align with the localized needs of the communities we serve.
* **Community Integration & Risk Mitigation:** Partner with Marketing, Public Affairs, and local stakeholders to establish high-impact relationships that proactively de-risk negative operational impacts while positioning the Waymo Driver as a safe, reliable, and considerate neighbor.

**You have:**

* **Experience:** Bachelor’s degree plus 6+ years of experience in operations management, urban planning, consulting, or logistics, with a focus on demand-side optimization or fleet management.
* **Market Scaling:** Proven track record of managing operations across multiple markets or complex urban environments.
* **Stakeholder Management:** Exceptional ability to negotiate and consult with external partners, including city officials, event organizers, and community leaders.
* **Analytical Proficiency:** Strong ability to leverage data visualization tools and internal systems to drive operational outcomes.
* **Communication:** Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams

**We prefer:**

* **Industry Background:** Experience in the Ride-sharing, Autonomous Vehicle (AV) space or high-growth TNC (Transportation Network Company) industry.
* **Urban Diplomacy:** Background in urban design, transit planning, or public policy with a focus on mitigating community impact in high-density areas.
* **Management Consulting Background:** Prior experience in management consulting or strategic operational consulting, with a focus on structured problem-solving and navigating ambiguous environments.
* **Large-Scale Event Experience:** Proven ability to manage high-stakes logistics for major city events (sports, festivals, political summits).
* **Ride-Sharing Experience & Market Health Monitoring:** Proven expertise in optimizing ride-sharing customer experiences by leveraging advanced data analytics to monitor market health, identify demand trends, and implement proactive service quality interventions.

**Travel requirements:**

* Candidates should be willing and able to travel up to 50% to East Regional markets.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
