---
title: International Operations Safety & Readiness Manager
status: archived
id: '7852026'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7852026
lastmod: '2026-05-28T20:18:38-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T16:22:27-04:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- ProdOps (WY1)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes inclusivity and celebration. We value diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences; recognize that inclusive actions lead to equitable outcomes; and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

We are looking for a high-impact Program Manager to lead our Ops Safety & Readiness initiatives across the UK and expansion in Europe. This isn't just about maintaining the status quo; it’s about building the engine that keeps our markets safe, standardized, and scalable. In this role, you’ll be driving the implementation of programs that define how we operate safely and effectively in rapid growth.

This role will report to the Manager of Operations Safety and Readiness.

**You will:**

* Manuals & Playbooks: Author and publish local market playbooks that cover both general operations and safety-specific protocols.
* Safety Assurance Program Orchestration: Provide coordinated support for critical readiness programs, including Line-checks, Operational Readiness Verifications, Retrospectives, and Business Continuity Planning (BCP).
* People Readiness: Ensure staff are not just trained, but truly proficient through rigorous practice, drills, and continuous feedback loops.
* Partner and Vendor Safety Engagement: Coordinate with local partners and vendors on joint safety issues.
* Risk Management & Mitigation: Ensure all operational risks are deeply understood with active, validated mitigation plans in place.

**You have:**

* Experience:  7+ years in operations with safety criticality.
* Education: A Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent).
* Framework Architecture: Proven ability to build systems, frameworks, and standardized processes from scratch.
* Communication: Exceptional presence and communication skills, with the ability to distill complex data into clear, actionable documentation.
* Manual Writing: Experience in operations manual development and a high degree of comfort with technical documentation.

**We prefer:**

* Experience designing process in highly regulated spaces (Aviation, nuclear, oil & gas, etc.).
* Experience with road safety, design, or transportation planning.

**Travel requirements:**

* Travel to support growing Europe market landscape. Occasional travel to USA for onboarding and engagement.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£92,000—£96,500 GBP
