---
title: AMER West Commercial Ops Planning
status: archived
id: '7852854'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7852854
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T14:25:16-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- Ops General Pgm Mgmt (89M)
offices:
- Remote (US-XX-REMOTE)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this remote role, you will report to an Operations Planning Manager*

**You will:**

* Represent operations within cross-functional planning processes and partner closely with regional leadership and product teams. You will ensure that the local operational nuances of your territory are fully captured, actively influencing and informing the broader commercial plans for each of your markets
* Drive comprehensive planning cycles with key stakeholders, understanding every working nuance of your markets to optimize operations across all intersecting areas of planning, product, and execution.  
  Integrate across models to understand and represent the operational capacity of your territory. You must be able to conduct rigorous scenario planning to answer complex "what-if" scenarios, extracting deep operational insights that bridge localized market performance with integrated team plans.
* Uplevel core planning software and methodologies, applying modeling expertise to ensure accurate forecasting and seamless alignment with corporate strategy.
* Support business optimization initiatives, utilizing your strategic regional knowledge to translate inputs on local friction—such as seasonality, events, market dynamics, operational and infrastructure constraints—into broader cross-functional business processes to ensure commercial success.
* Distill complex operational narratives from regional happenings to elevate business review meetings, conducting continuous "performance bridging" to trace key metrics to their systemic root causes, and then feed those bridges and insights back into their commercial plans

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering, Finance, Business Analytics, Mathematics, or a related quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of relevant professional experience in business planning, demand & supply planning, cross functional program management, financial planning, or a highly analytical business function, ideally in a high-velocity growth environment
* Deep, hands-on expertise in navigating, auditing, and building highly detailed models within either enterprise planning platforms or advanced spreadsheet environments.
* The ability to distill highly complex operational data and technical what-if scenarios into clear, executive-level narratives that drive high-stakes business reviews.
* Demonstrated success operating within a highly matrixed organization, expertly driving alignment, negotiating priorities, and ensuring unified execution across operations, product, finance, and corporate strategy.

**We prefer:**

* Master's degree required (MBA strongly preferred) in Finance, Economics, Operations Research, or a related quantitative discipline.
* Experience planning and managing ride-hailing networks, demonstrated understanding of network capacity, localized supply-demand balancing, and ride-hailing marketplace dynamics.
* Experience with large-scale vehicle fleets and coordinating with third-party operators and enterprise partner ecosystems.
* Demonstrated knowledge of SQL to manipulate underlying data schemas, clean and distill business data, and build custom statistical models where needed.
* Experience wit supply-demand planning in Anaplan

In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based employees. Benefits for this role include:

* Health, dental, vision, life, disability insurance
* Retirement Benefits: 401(k) with company match
* Paid Time Off: 20 days of vacation per year, accruing at a rate of 6.15 hours per pay period for the first five years of employment
* Sick Time: 40 hours/year (statutory, where applicable); 5 days/event (discretionary)
* Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks
* Baby Bonding Leave: 18 weeks
* Holidays: 13 paid days per year

Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
