---
title: Front-End Software Engineer, Simulation
status: archived
id: '7855418'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7855418
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T12:19:55-04:00'
location: 'MountainView, CA, United States '
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Design, test, deploy, and maintain intuitive and high-performance web applications for Waymo's critical simulation, event discovery and evaluation platforms, using Angular and TypeScript.
* Collaborate with UX designers, Product Managers, and engineering teams to translate requirements into polished user-facing features.
* Build interfaces that handle complex data, support efficient user workflows, and surface insights from simulation results, data scientists, and evaluation processes.
* Integrate with VLMs, LLMs, AI Agents, and new AI infrastructure to power intelligent product experiences.
* Contribute to the enhancement of our front-end architecture, component libraries, and development best practices.
* Engage with end-users to understand their needs and refine tooling.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of experience building web applications.
* Proficiency in TypeScript/JavaScript and hands-on experience with modern front-end frameworks, Angular.
* Experience with HTML5, CSS3 (including preprocessors), and web standards.
* Experience with front-end testing frameworks
* Ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment.

**We prefer:**

* Experience with C++, Java, or other backend technologies.
* Experience with data visualization libraries and techniques.
* Experience using AI-powered developer tools to promote collaboration; experience building or augmenting such tools is a plus.
* Familiarity with Google's internal development tools and infrastructure, or similar concepts such as Kubernetes and Bazel.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
