---
title: Supplier Development Engineer, Asia
status: archived
id: '7858123'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7858123
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T14:22:45-04:00'
location: 'Taipei, Taiwan '
departments:
- GSM (J4P)
offices:
- Taipei (TW-TPE-101)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Supply Chain and Manufacturing teams are making the technology of the future a reality. We handle all production processes and supplier development strategies: from contracts and purchasing, to designs for improved manufacturing, through quality control and delivery. We collaborate actively with Waymo engineering teams as well as external suppliers and partners to make sure everything is built to spec and delivered on time to meet the rising demands of our business.

**You will:**

* Serve as the main supply chain point of contact for process and quality development at supplier sites. Evaluate technical data, develop recommendations, and resolve technical issues
* Lead OK2X (OK2Tool, OK2Build, OK2Ship) deliverables in new product introduction phases and provide on-site support to ensure readiness of the supplier’s manufacturing process and quality controls before each build
* Identify supplier equipment, fixture, and tooling needs and drive implementation schedules and efforts to qualify and optimize manufacturing processes
* Conduct the audit of the production to ensure the conformance to the defined DFM (Design for Manufacturing) and QCP (Quality Control Plan)
* Work withGSM (Global Supply Managers) to assess supplier readiness to support build events and production ramp. Identify potential execution issues and provide recommendations to mitigate risk
* Set up and implement the IQC (Incoming Quality Control) plan in FATP (Final Assembly Testing and Package) partners. Follow up the closure of component quality issues in systematic and solid way

**You have:**

* 8+ years experience in a Manufacturing Engineering and/or Supplier Quality Engineering role in the consumer electronics or automotive manufacturing area, supporting new product launches from a manufacturing, tooling, quality, or product development perspective
* Bachelor or above degree in Optical Engineering, Physics, Mechanical Engineering, or related field
* Knowledge and experience with a variety of optical components (such as lens, window, etc.) manufacturing processes including grinding, polishing, coating, lamination, lens assy, and mechanical assembly etc.
* Deep experience with interferometers, spectrophotometers, and MTF testers. The ability to interpret the engineering spec. and conduct the correlation in between the upstream and downstream suppliers
* Strong skills leading the 8D problem solving processes: problem definition, containment, occurrence/escape root cause analysis, corrective/preventive action planning and execution
* Optical glass material and coating knowledge and recommendation for the different applications

**We prefer:**

* Strong working experience with IATF 16949 5 Core Tools (APQP/PPAP/FMEA/MSA/SPC)
* Data analysis skills and decision making with data-driven
* Interpretation of design drawings in terms of GD&T, cosmetic standards for inspection criteria.
* Strong experience with manufacturing as well as supply chain techniques and processes such as supplier audits, new product introductions, safe launch, product life cycles, manufacturing engineering, first article inspection, technical documentation, etc.
* Excellent problem solving & communication skills while working alone and in large teams
* Can deal with multi-task business situation; be able to manage multiple components in different suppliers

**Travel:**

* Up to 50% to the local cities and the neighbor area like China, South Korea, Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, etc

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$3,100,000—$3,560,000 TWD
