---
title: Module Global Supply Manager
status: archived
id: '7858126'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7858126
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T17:13:20-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- GSM (J4P)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Global Supply Manager*

**You will:**

* Develop, manage and help scale the Contract Manufacturers to design, build Waymo's current and next generation self driving modules (SDS) through strong C-Level relationships, leveraging deep supply chain knowledge, experience.
* Perform cost modeling, negotiation and execution of assembly & test cost strategy for these modules @ these CMs. Develop cost bridge by product to link current pricing with high-volume pricing & proactively address gaps to meet with the target lower price for high volume scenarios
* Drive issue prioritization and resolution with the CMs, working collaboratively with Waymo Engineering, Manufacturing and with key CM contacts
* Evaluate technical and business risks that impact supply & pricing,  using data based analysis and develop sound risk mitigation alternatives. Develop strategy to proactively address the risks, working with cross-functional Waymo teams.
* Work with Legal to develop Hardware Supply Agreements, update them based on current business conditions. Create SOWs by project and ensure compliance
* Drive schedule, capacity and supply planning to meet development and production demands with these CMs, focusing on module assembly, test and PCBA manufacturing.

**You have:**

* 7+ years of experience working with similar products and contract manufacturers, automotive Tier-1s
* Bachelor's degree required - Electrical, Mechanical or Industrial Engineering
* Strong knowledge of product bill-of-materials, Manufacturing Value Added cost. Clear understanding of SMT/FATP manufacturing of high-tech devices and/or L4 self driving systems.
* Strong knowledge of product bill-of-materials, Manufacturing Value Added cost. Clear understanding of SMT/FATP manufacturing of high-tech devices and/or L4 self driving systems.
* Good understanding of supply chain within the autonomous vehicle or other high-tech industries - industry dynamics, challenges,New Product Introduction

**We prefer:**

* Master’s degree in Engineering or MBA
* Experience working in the fast-paced high-tech industry with a good understanding of Surface Mount Technology (SMT),  Printed Circuit Board Assembly (PCBA) manufacturing, and module/system manufacturing.
* Prior work experience in strategic sourcing at Apple, Google, Meta, Amazon or Tesla

**Travel Requirements:**

* 25% travel to Asia, USMLA, Europe

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$200,000—$247,000 USD
