---
title: Market Security Lead (SF)
status: archived
id: '7862857'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7862857
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T20:23:46-04:00'
location: San Francisco, California, USA
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*As a key leader in the Physical Security organization, you will ensure the successful delivery of site security programs, identifying ways to standardize services across diverse environments including corporate offices, vehicle depots, parking locations, and technical labs. This position is based onsite at one of our primary hubs.*

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Physical Security Operations*

**You will:**

* Provide Tactical Site Oversight: Maintain a daily presence at local sites to ensure all security protocols are being followed and that the physical environment remains secure.
* Manage Onsite Vendor Supervision: Provide direct, "on the ground" oversight of the contracted guard force, ensuring high performance, adherence to post orders, and immediate correction of service gaps.
* Serve as the Local Stakeholder POC: Act as the primary security liaison for local tactical teams, including Fleet Operations, Facilities, and EHS, to resolve daily operational frictions.
* Triage Local Issues & Communicate Trends: Act as a primary communicator to triage site security problems, identify operational efficiencies, and track security trends to keep both stakeholders and security leadership informed.
* Monitor Compliance: Conduct frequent site security walks and inspections to verify compliance with Waymo’s site security requirements.
* Support Process Execution: Implement and sustain localized security workflows that support high-volume vehicle movements without compromising safety.

**You have:**

* 4+ years of progressive security experience in a corporate or industrial environment
* Proven experience in a tactical leadership role (e.g., Shift Lead, Site Lead, or Operations Coordinator) overseeing onsite security teams.
* Hands-on experience with incident response and emergency coordination in a fast-paced environment.
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills with a focus on problem-solving and customer service.
* Ability to work onsite daily and move between multiple locations within a metropolitan area.

**We prefer:**

* Experience in high-velocity logistics, automotive, or tech-manufacturing environments.
* Familiarity with the "multi-modal" challenge—effectively balancing security needs between corporate offices and operational sites.
* Proficiency in security technology systems (Access Control and VMS) to troubleshoot local issues before escalation.
* FEMA Incident Command System (ICS) training, specifically ICS-100, 200, 700, and 800.
* ASIS PSP (Physical Security Professional) certifications.

**Travel Requirements:**

* + Daily local travel throughout the SF Market

((Remote jobs only - Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.))

The expected hourly range for this position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Hourly Range

$57.70—$70.68 USD
