---
title: Claims Advocate
status: archived
id: '7871639'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7871639
lastmod: '2026-06-10T16:55:24-04:00'
date: '2026-06-10T16:55:24-04:00'
location: San Francisco CA, USA; Mountain View CA, USA
departments:
- O-Insur-Corp (6A1)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

At Waymo Insurance, you will work on the cutting edge of emerging risk and related issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our legal, public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to evaluate and manage risks for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on insurance trends, evaluating and quantifying product liability, auto, cyber and related risks to ensure we build the appropriate risk and insurance frameworks to support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our business development, product partnership, strategy and operations teams in the execution of our business plans to ensure the company's interests are well protected from existing, new and emerging risks. We support the legal, policy and regulatory teams as they optimize our exposure in line with our risk appetite through the review of contracts, evaluation and shaping of emerging law and regulation at both the state and federal level. And we anticipate, quantify and mitigate emerging risk by maintaining active relationships and frequent contact with insurance and AV industry partners.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Claims Manager within the Risk & Insurance Team

**You will:**

* Review and triage of claims that are presented against Waymo to understand the exposure, how to respond to those claims and how best to protect Waymo, both through claim handling/payment and defense.
* Provide oversight to claim handling partners to ensure that claims are handled within SLAs and meet Waymo’s expectations
* Handle escalations through professional interactions with riders and customers - showing empathy, understanding, and having the knowledge to assist in a variety of situations and manners.
* Help to create strategies, tools and processes (documenting all) to handle the unique nature of claims involving an autonomous vehicle.

**You have:**

* Strategic Oversight: 7+ years of professional experience, preferably in claims, with a deep focus on identifying systemic financial and legal exposures within large-scale operations.
* Operational Excellence & Systems Design: Proven track record in mapping end-to-end operational workflows, identifying structural bottlenecks, and architecting scalable enhancements to improve organizational throughput - which may include experience in business process re-engineering (BPR).
* High-Stakes Investigation & Analysis: Advanced competency in the forensic triage of complex, high-exposure incidents. Skilled at distilling fragmented data into actionable insights, identifying critical "red flag" issues, and executing sophisticated, data-backed negotiation and settlement strategies.
* Cross-Functional Leadership & Influence: High-EQ communicator adept at navigating matrixed environments and building consensus among disparate stakeholders (internal leadership, external partners, and legal counsel) to drive unified strategic outcomes.
* Portfolio Governance & Vendor Management: Robust experience managing high-volume project inventories while maintaining rigorous SLA (Service Level Agreement) compliance. Experienced in the strategic oversight of third-party vendors and external partners, ensuring both technical excellence and fiscal accountability.

**We prefer:**

* Claim experience with a carrier or in the mobility space
* Insurance designations like a CPCU.
* An advanced degree, like a JD, GSB and/or MS&E

**Travel requirements**

* Minimal to none

**PLEASE READ BEFORE APPLYING:**

*While this role is based in our **San Francisco** or **Mountain View, CA** offices, we are actively seeking experienced Claims Professionals from premier insurance hubs across the country.*

*We are committed to helping you transition your career to the forefront of autonomous vehicle innovation. To support this, relocation assistance is available for qualified candidates.*

***Please note that relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area is a condition of employment for this role.***

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$125,000—$152,000 USD
