---
title: Program Manager, Labeling Operations
status: archived
id: '7895442'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7895442
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T14:53:41-04:00'
location: Hyderabad, India
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Hyderabad (IN-HYD-OMGB)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Labeling Data Program Org owns the execution and creation of curated labeled datasets which are critical for training and evaluation of ML models that power the Waymo Driver.

As a Program Manager in this team, you will be the operational backbone of our machine learning initiatives. You will own and drive the complex, cross-functional programs that deliver high-quality data—the lifeblood of our models. You will orchestrate the end-to-end data lifecycle, from defining requirements for new datasets and tooling to scaling data pipelines and ensuring our ML teams have the resources they need to innovate. This is a high-impact role for a technical, detail-oriented leader who thrives on turning ambiguous data needs into tangible, scalable solutions.

**You will:**

* **Own End-to-End Dataset Creation:** Take full ownership of the ML dataset lifecycle, including supporting demand planning, owning capacity plans, managing policy creations, overseeing execution, and implementing quality management processes.
* **Lead Strategic Planning/Resource Allocation and quality management:** Lead and manage monthly, quarterly, and annual capacity planning cycles to ensure resources are strategically allocated and aligned precisely with product demand. The candidate will also take direct ownership of the quality of the delivered datasets.
* **Manage Stakeholder Collaboration:** Collaborate closely with engineering partners and label requestors to fulfill dataset requirements on time and within budget,
* **Establish Robust Governance:** Set up governance structures and review mechanisms to monitor, measure, and effectively communicate program/project progress to stakeholders, executives, and sponsors.
* **Drive Continuous Improvement at Scale:** Partner with cross-functional teams (Engineering, Infra, Product) locally and globally to drive continuous vertical and horizontal operational improvements.
* **Manage Vendor Operations and Problem Solving:** Work with vendor partners to manage scaled operations, revise the organizational structure, and proactively solve current and future issues in the labeling process using a data-driven approach.

**You have:**

* A Bachelor's Degree in technical or business discipline with overall 8+ years of work experience managing large-scale and dynamic programs/ projects
* Extensive experience managing Product Operations or successfully executing multiple cycles of product execution programs.
* Background in leading and managing complex programs that span across organizations and functions, with specific experience in Machine Learning data annotation or Human-in-the-Loop initiatives.
* Proven proficiency in defining projects, executing them within timelines, and the ability to work independently on multiple complex initiatives concurrently.
* Strong ability to thrive in a dynamic environment, demonstrating comfort and effectiveness when dealing with ambiguity.
* Proven collaboration and communications skills working with globally distributed teams and multiple stakeholders

**We prefer:**

* Experience of  managing scaled operations
* People management experience
* Data analysis experience / background

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

₹4,500,000—₹5,350,000 INR
