---
title: Software Engineer, Fleet Optimization
status: archived
id: '7901963'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7901963
lastmod: '2026-06-09T17:10:12-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T17:10:12-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, United States; San Francisco, CA, United States
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The ideal candidate is someone who can be self-sufficient and product-minded. You will be working on cross-cutting problems that will require strong cross-team collaboration, both technically (mobile app, cloud backends, and the Waymo Driver) and functionally (operations, product, legal, partnerships, policy & privacy) to develop and deliver business critical infrastructure.

**You will:**

* Algorithm design and software implementation to solve multi-disciplinary real world problems at the intersection of computer science, optimization and fleet management.
* Make informed tradeoffs in system design around real world system realities in fleet optimization.
* Instrument systems and analyze data to understand behaviors, troubleshoot, and identify opportunities.
* Build, evolve, own, and operate mission-critical tools and systems.
* Collaborate with Operators on the ground, Product, UX, data science, and other engineering teams to develop

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of direct coding experience. Backend or infrastructure preferred..
* Experience with backend coding languages: C++, (secondary Python).

**We prefer:**

* Experience implementing algorithms for multidimensional systems.
* Practical knowledge in any of the fields of dynamics (system response, mechanics, system modelling) , optimization (gradient descent, linear algebra, filtering), control (linear, state space, stochastic, feedback control), operations research (constraint optimization, Linear programming) and/or implementing design patterns.
* Passion for working in cross functional environments that include nontechnical stakeholders
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Flume, Borg, Protocol Buffers, OnePlatform)
* Experience with operations tooling, developer productivity, or developer tools
* Strong bias for action.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
