---
title: Senior Software Engineer, PUDO Experience
status: archived
id: '7902125'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7902125
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T15:17:03-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Pickup and Dropoff (PUDO) team primarily ensures a smooth and efficient experience during pickup/dropoff search & selection, accessibility, user interaction, managing the trip & passenger state machines, and interacting with onboard components on the car to execute pullovers and related maneuvers.

The core goal of the PUDO team is to deliver convenient, safe, and flexible PUDOs, making it easy for riders to find and choose PUDOs, and responding gracefully when the actual pullover scene changes.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Work with experts in the field of autonomous vehicles across both onboard and off-board components
* Develop interfaces across multiple off-board and onboard stacks for managing trip and passenger state machines
* Work closely with UX, PM, app engineers, backend engineers, onboard engineers to provide smooth and enjoyable pickups and dropoffs
* Develop infrastructure for simulating and testing trip state machine and onboard changes
* Develop expertise in and make use of various Google technologies, like Borg, Spanner, Flume, and custom-built systems for our specific problems.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 4+ years of industry experience in general distributed systems and backend development
* Proficient in C++
* Passion and experience building user-facing products
* Experience working with Frontend Engineers and UX Designers

**We prefer**

* 6+ years of experience in general distributed systems and backend development
* 6+ years of experience programming in C++ and/or with writing robust, efficient code
* Experience with iOS or Android application development and API design

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
