---
title: Software Engineer, Booking
status: archived
id: '7905695'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7905695
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T13:35:01-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, United States
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the front doors to the future of transportation? The Booking team is responsible for some of the most critical, high-impact, user-facing flows in the app — directly enabling users to hail and control Waymo’s autonomous vehicles with industry-leading UX. We solve complex user-facing challenges: building intelligent scheduling features, supporting diverse hailing modalities beyond standard ride-hailing, designing intelligent search and suggestions, and creating many other offers and experiences that we can’t share just yet. We’re a small team with huge plans, and we’d love for you to join us!

**You will:**

* Work on a small team designing, building, and maintaining highly scalable core services that are the front door to Waymo’s Marketplace. Directly enable users to hail and control Waymo’s autonomous vehicles.
* Ensure high reliability, low latency, and fault tolerance for critical infrastructure powering Waymo’s user-facing service.
* Collaborate closely with Booking iOS & Android engineers, product managers, UX designers / researchers, and data scientists to bring novel autonomous ride-hailing features to market.
* Architect APIs and systems that serve both internal and external partners.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 4+ years of experience programming in backend coding languages.
* Experience in building backend distributed systems.

**We prefer:**

* Experience with C++ in a production environment.
* MS in Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience.
* Experience in developing low latency, large-scale, user facing distributed systems.
* Familiarity with ride-hailing or marketplace consumer platforms.
* Strong cross-functional collaboration skills, interest in partnering with mobile/frontend teams.
* Experience at another Ride hailing or Marketplace company.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
