---
title: Operations Partner Manager
status: archived
id: '7909050'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7909050
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T14:24:38-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Tempe, AZ, USA;
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the New Business & Partner Operations*

**You will:**

* Serve as the primary advocate for the partner allowing them to launch and expand while facilitating two-way feedback loops to identify internal bottlenecks and streamline partner processes across cross-functional teams.
* Establish and manage Monthly and Quarterly Business Reviews (MBRs/QBRs) to track key performance indicators and evaluate relationship health, and develop strategic partner roadmaps.
* Deliver data-driven feedback and advise on corrective action plans or improvement strategies when service levels fall below established standards on a partnership level.
* Act as the central communication bridge for the partnership, proactively flagging contractual risks to the Partnerships team and ensuring unwavering alignment with internal expectations.
* Apply deep expertise to guide partners through initial business setup and ongoing steady-state operations to ensure adherence to global standards.
* Bridge the gap between partners and internal teams to facilitate clear communication and provide timely resolution for high-level escalations.
* Regularly collect feedback and advocate for the partner’s perspective to drive continuous improvement and ensure the sustained, long-term success of the partnership.

**You have:**

* 6-8+ years of experience in partner operations, customer success, or account management within a high-growth technology environment.
* Proven track record of managing complex partner-facing programs and leading structured governance cadences.
* Excellent communication and executive presence skills necessary to engage, influence, and align with C-suite and senior leadership at external partner organizations.
* Strong analytical proficiency with the ability to synthesize performance data into actionable feedback and long-term strategic roadmaps.
* Self-directed problem solver capable of identifying internal bottlenecks and advocating for partner-centric solutions across cross-functional teams.

**We prefer:**

* Proficiency in using Lean, Six Sigma, or similar process improvement methodologies to measure the efficacy of a process.
* Proven track record of defining Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for external partners or internal operations.
* Confidence with developing strategic growth roadmaps, driving partner alignment and basic spreadsheet modeling, preferably with physical assets.

**Travel Requirement:**

* 25% of the year is spent traveling for in-person time with your team and to observe / work with partner operations

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
