---
title: Senior Staff Technical Program Manager, International Compliance
status: archived
id: '7921098'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7921098
lastmod: '2026-06-01T14:26:23-04:00'
date: '2026-05-13T12:39:20-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Technical Program Managers and Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to a Director, Technical Program Management.*

**You will:**

* Architect the Global Compliance Delivery Roadmap: Lead the implementation strategy and execution for foundational compliance with standards required to operate in international markets.
* Coordinate Technical Certification Programs: Coordinate the end-to-end execution for critical AV standards such as UN R155 (Cybersecurity), UN R156 (Software Updates) the upcoming UN R standard on AV performance.
* Integrate Certification and Safety Management Systems: Manage the relationship between individual standards compliance and the overall integrated Waymo Safety Management System.
* Navigate High Ambiguity with Agency: Maintain progress on long term compliance goals while negotiating resource demands from ongoing local engagements.
* Strategic Risk & Stakeholder Management: Identify and proactively mitigate compliance delivery risks that could delay global launches, communicating complex regulatory hurdles to executive leadership with clarity and urgency.

**You have:**

* 8+ years of Technical Program Management experience, with a heavy focus on International Compliance or Regulatory Engineering within the Automotive, Robotics, or Aerospace sectors.
* Technical Acumen: Full-stack understanding of AV architecture from sensors and platform through planning, decision making and control software.
* Mastery of Compliance Standards: Experience implementing various compliance programs, e.g. ISO 26262 (Functional Safety) in an autonomous vehicle context, ISO/PAS 21448 (SOTIF), and UN ECE Regulations (R155, R156).
* Proven Track Record of Global Launches: Experience successfully navigating the regulatory hurdles of bringing a complex hardware-software product into non-U.S. markets (e.g., EU, APAC countries).
* High-Stakes Influence: Ability to partner with Legal, Operational, and Engineering leads to drive policy implementation and technical standards across the organization.
* Exceptional Technical Documentation: Skill in producing high-complexity artifacts, from strategic project schedules to detailed architecture documentation required for regulatory audits.

**We prefer:**

* Autonomous Systems Expertise: Specific experience with SAE Level 4+ autonomous vehicles and the unique data-gathering challenges they present globally.
* Advanced Cross-Functional Leadership: Prior experience leading Insider Risk or Data Privacy programs within a large-scale, highly-regulated technology environment.
* Security & Privacy Certification: Familiarity with international data protection laws (GDPR) and their specific application to real-world sensor data and "high-value" Intellectual Property.
* Experience in Ambiguous Environments: A portfolio of projects where you took a concept from "zero to one" in a space with no predefined regulatory roadmap.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$272,000—$336,000 USD
