---
title: Program Manager, Mapping Operations
status: archived
id: '7944323'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7944323
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T12:26:37-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- O-MOps-Corp (7GC)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Mapping Operations team is responsible for building, validating, and continuously improving the high-definition maps that power Waymo’s autonomous driving system. The team ensures that the vehicle has an accurate, up-to-date understanding of the world by transforming raw sensor data into reliable, production-ready map assets.

MapOps sits at the intersection of autonomous driving, data operations, and quality assurance, partnering closely with Engineering, ML, and Product teams to support safe, scalable deployment across new and existing markets.

**You will:**

* Develop deep subject matter expertise in a vertical of mapping operations, and serve as a go-to point of contact for stakeholders across the entire organization
* Test and roll out new mapping  tools, features, and workflows in coordination with our Engineering and Product  partners
* Identify opportunities to improve efficiency to scale operations and own those solutions end-to-end
* Create and maintain clear technical documentation that will serve as the primary map build SOPs

**You have:**

* A Bachelor’s degree in a technical or business discipline
* 4+ years of relevant experience in a high growth start-up or similar environment
* A process focused mindset and experience improving inefficient processes
* The capacity to use creative problem solving to hit your goals
* The curiosity and ability to learn new tools and workflows quickly
* Excellent communication skills and an ability to articulate complex ideas in simple, understandable ways

**We prefer:**

* Process improvement experience
* SQL or other data analytics skills
* Ability to approach complex problems with a logical, systematic, and data-driven perspective
* Technical documentation and training experience

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$51.45—$62.99 USD
