---
title: Senior Electrical Design Validation Engineer
status: archived
id: '7954639'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7954639
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T09:42:26-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California
departments:
- Signal (83K)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

*This role follows a 100% onsite work schedule and you will report to a Hardware Engineering Manager*

**You will:**

* Develop and execute comprehensive PCB-level and module-level validation test plans for Waymo hardware, by working closely with EE and software teams
* Execute electrical validation test for silicon, board and system, covering voltage regulators, power delivery network (PDN),  low-speed / high-speed interfaces, cover thermal and voltage corners
* Drive and execute validation to meet key deadlines and priority goals
* Clearly document validation results. Keep track of bugs encountered and fixed. Clearly communicate test plans and results
* Support hardware bring-up, debug, and troubleshooting
* Enhance validation efficiency and scalability through the development of scripts and automation tools

**You have:**

* Familiar with switching-mode power supplies, Power Delivery Network (PDN) and associated validation methodologies
* Knowledge of common SoC/MCU-based architecture, and generic interfaces like LVCMOS I/O, SPI, I2C, UART
* Proficient in executing electrical validation on the bench, including the use of oscilloscopes, DMM, e-load, power supplies, and thermal chambers
* Familiar with schematic and PCB layout tools for circuit review, and test planning
* Excellent communication and project management skills to work with cross-functional teams and external suppliers
* Proficiency with Linux, Bash, test script generation for test automation and data processing

**We prefer:**

* Master’s or Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering with 3+ years of relevant industry experience
* Demonstrated experience in validating and debugging in at least one complex domain (e.g., Analog circuits/MOSFET characterization,  PCIe, LPDDR, MIPI, Ethernet)
* Understanding Signal Integrity and Power Integrity concepts, with the ability to determine if a failure is relevant to the physical layer
* Extensive electrical debug experience
* Hardware with firmware verification experience, and CSR tuning

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$242,000 USD
