---
title: Staff Homologation Engineer
status: archived
id: '7958279'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7958279
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T18:57:27-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; Novi, MI,USA
departments:
- Vehicle (75W)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- Novi (US-DTW-MAG)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is a diverse, innovative, and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Global Homologation Lead.

**You will:**

* Define and implement global homologation requirements and certification strategies for new vehicle programs, including negotiation and alignment with OEM partners and suppliers
* Interpret complex global regulations (e.g., FMVSS, ECE/ECE regulations, EPA, CARB) and translate them into actionable engineering requirements
* Plan, witness, and manage physical compliance testing (crash, emissions, NVH, etc.) both in-house and at third-party test facilities
* Act as the primary point of contact with technical services (e.g., TÜV, IDIADA) to secure type approvals and certifications
* Author, review, and compile technical information folders, compliance reports, and official submission documentation
* Partner with Design, Systems, and Validation teams early in the product development cycle to design for compliance and mitigate regulatory risks

**You have:**

* A minimum of 5+ years of progressive experience working on global Type Approval and Homologation programs
* Experience from program inception to launch for products in European and Asia-Pacific markets, including EU Whole Vehicle Type Approval (WVTA) frameworks
* Experience launching vehicles for North American markets (FMVSS, CMVSS, EPA, CARB etc)
* Knowledge of consumer assessment programs (including IIHS, global NCAP)
* Deep knowledge of global vehicle certification regulatory frameworks, including safety, EMI/EMC, and other relevant vehicle standards
* Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively negotiate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholders

**We prefer:**

* B.S. or advanced degree in an Engineering discipline

**Travel Requirement:**

* 10-20% domestic and international travel to support homologation meetings and testing

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
