---
title: Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '7960666'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7960666
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T11:42:44-04:00'
location: PERM - N/A
departments:
- General Services
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, modify, and/or test software needed for various Waymo projects. Duties include: work in a multidisciplinary team environment including lidar, radar, camera, and other sensor architecture design, embedded control, GPU digital signal processing, test, and manufacturing; design and implement data and control flow needed to integrate new sensors into the self driving car; design and develop calibration processes involving multiple sensors and actuation stages in the loop; develop tools used to analyze data collected from sensor systems; support sensor manufacturing by customizing existing systems to improve test integration, assembly tracking, and reporting pipelines; and ensure that Waymo software is architected for precision and reliability, and implemented using advanced technologies and engineering best practices.

**You have:**

* Master’s degree in Computer Engineering, or a related field and 24 months of experience in the job offered or in a Software Engineer-related occupation.  
  Position requires 24 months of experience in the following:
* C, C++, and Python;
* Automotive sensors such as Cameras, LiDARs, or Radars;
* Embedded Systems; and
* Field-Programmable Gate Array, Verilog, and SystemVerilog.

*The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process.*

*Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.*

Salary Range

$200,000 - $215,000 USD

Position reports to the Waymo Mountain View, CA office & may allow for a hybrid schedule as per Waymo policy.

#LI-DNI
