---
title: Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '7960496'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7960496
lastmod: '2026-06-02T20:20:34-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T10:58:25-04:00'
location: PERM - N/A
departments:
- General Services
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, modify, and/or test software needed for various Waymo projects. Duties include:
* design, document, plan, and implement complex software projects of varying scope that account for outside resource requirements;
* perform thorough analysis and evaluation of technologies and features implemented, using tools like simulations and scientific computing;
* build robust solutions to cutting-edge autonomous driving problems; work across teams, enabling rapid iterations in advancing autonomous driving technology;
* utilize complex systems integration methodologies to break down complex problems and develop structured solutions; scale infrastructure and state-of-the-art technology to support new vehicle platforms and operating domains; and
* utilize troubleshooting skills in areas of deep technical complexity, especially in the robotics domain.

**You have:**

* Master’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Robotics, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field and 12 months of experience in the job offerred or Software Engineer-related occupation.
* Position requires 12 months of experience in the following:
* Understanding C OR C++;
* solving technical problems using geometry and linear algebra;
* data analysis and algorithms design;
* autonomous vehicle planning OR controls;
* simulation methodologies and techniques; and
* knowledge of principles of vehicle dynamics, control theory & its applications.

*The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process.*

*Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.*

Salary Range

$240,000 - $259,000 USD

Position reports to the Waymo Mountain View, CA office & may allow for partial telecommuting.

#LI-DNI
