---
title: Supply Chain Program Manager
status: archived
id: '7977261'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7977261
lastmod: '2026-06-02T18:22:45-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T18:22:45-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- GSM (J4P)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Director Supply Chain Enablement and Transformation*

**You will:**

* Drive supply chain readiness and resilience though conducting deep-dive analysis into supply chain health across sourcing, lead times, cost and quality and leading supply chain qualification roadmap to ensure a successful continuity of the supply into production ramp.
* Identify risks within global supply chain strategies; Update project schedules, communicate status, risks and influence change, and represent the New Product Introduction Supply Chain organization in internal program meetings.
* Be the primary materials liaison with JDM/CM/Suppliers, manage spend against project budgets, and manage large production risk buys and strategic buffers.
* Escalation channel for all supply chain issues to unlock the product development and ensure the smooth product ramp.
* Develop and document global supply chain map for each product, including suppliers, procurement model, lead time, shipment logistics, assembly/test/fulfillment model, and spare strategies
* Drives initiatives and process improvement with cross functional team alignment and influence out of the Org to the company level driving initiatives and process improvements to help the team grow in scalability

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Supply Chain, Operations Research, Operations Engineering or equivalent practical experience.
* 10+ years of industry experience in one or more of the following fields: supply planning, supply chain management, manufacturing operations, and/or operations.
* 10+ years of experience in program management. Experience leading complex operational and strategic programs; proven ability to multitask, analyze opportunities, define successful approaches, and proactively solve problems.
* Experience working in NPI & sustaining phase of product lifecycle
* Excel in executive communications. Excellent stakeholder management.
* Experience or comfortability working with the APAC XFN team and the supplier and in APAC time zones.

**We prefer:**

* 12+ years in a supply planning, supply chain management, manufacturing operations, and/or operations role
* 7+ years of experience working in NPI & sustaining phase of product lifecycle
* Dashboarding experience in sheets and PLX

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$234,000 USD
