---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Fleet Response Training
status: archived
id: '7977824'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7977824
lastmod: '2026-06-04T14:47:38-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T17:49:24-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA ; San Francisco, CA, USA ; Remote
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Fleet Response team's mission is to accelerate the safe deployment of Waymo's autonomous technology. Fleet Response operates at the cutting edge of our autonomous driving operations. In certain highly ambiguous or complex situations, the Waymo Driver can request the assistance of human Fleet Response Operators (FROs) to provide extra context and information. These operators participate in rigorous and extensive training programs before they begin working with real cars, and routinely undergo refresher training during their tenure. Peak human performance requires world-class training, and world-class training requires world-class training systems. This role will be responsible for working with the operations team to build out a comprehensive training suite that enables FROs to do their best work assisting Waymo’s cars and riders.

**You will:**

* Work with operations leads to understand their continuously evolving training needs
* Design and build training systems that cover every aspect of an FRO’s role
* Leverage Waymo’s simulation platforms to create realistic training environments
* Build out QA and performance measurement pipelines to track the success of training modules
* Work closely with our users, the Fleet Response Operations team
* Have the opportunity to work on the full length and breadth of the problem (web apps, distributed systems, data analysis, etc)

**You have:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical field of study
* 5+ years of industry experience with modern web frameworks
* A generalist mindset, willing to learn a breadth of new skills
* Significant experience with both frontend and backend systems
* Enjoyment from working closely with your users

**We prefer:**

* Experience bringing technical and non-technical groups together
* Professional experience reading and writing great typescript code
* Experience with C++, Java, or related structured programming language
* Full-stack engineers who can confidently touch every part of a system
* An investigative mindset

Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
