---
title: 'Compensation Analyst '
status: archived
id: '7994013'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7994013
lastmod: '2026-06-09T17:34:27-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T17:34:27-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- HR (67F)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of the compensation team, you lead the strategy, design, implementation, and administration of Waymo’s compensation philosophy and competitive pay, incentive pay, and recognition programs. You develop, maintain, and provide governance over strategic pay initiatives that attract and retain top talent and motivate high performance by ensuring Waymo’s pay programs are internally equitable, externally competitive, and aligned with Waymo’s talent, financial, and operational goals.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Compensation Manager*

**You will:**

* Build robust data models and analyses leading into each compensation planning cycle and manage tools and resources available for the organization's use during compensation planning.
* Balance governance with competitiveness to propose compelling new hire offers, working directly with Recruiting to craft a compelling narrative about Waymo’s employment value proposition.
* Build reusable technology to scale and sustain program delivery and reusable analytics to automate insights and findings.
* Manipulate large data sets in complex ways; derive meaning from the numbers and convey findings to leadership.
* Participate in the research, development, and administration of assigned compensation programs.
* Play a governance role in the creation, consultation, and review of compensation policies and processes.
* Work on projects such as deep dives, market data benchmarking, performance rating analysis, and compensation policies.
* Analyze compensation outcomes, draw conclusions and make recommendations for future consideration.

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in economics, psychology, statistics, business administration, operations research, industrial engineering, or another field that uses quantitative analysis, or equivalent practical experience.
* 2+ years of experience in investment banking, strategy consulting, executive compensation, broad-based compensation, or other relevant fields.
* Experience managing large data sets and presenting findings to stakeholders.
* Demonstrated work experience with SQL and/or AppScript, and proficiency with spreadsheet software.

**We prefer:**

* Client-service orientation, with the ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands.
* Interest in analyzing data, with the ability to see beyond the numbers to drive sound decision-making.
* Effective attention to detail, and strong written and verbal communications skills.
* Desire to build and improve processes for seamless client experiences.

((Remote jobs only - Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.))

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$113,000—$138,000 USD
