---
title: Experiential Marketing Lead
status: archived
id: '8027171'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8027171
lastmod: '2026-06-30T09:00:24-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T09:56:09-04:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- O-Marketing-Corp (0K5)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

On the Waymo Marketing team, you will help to connect people with the magic and impact of Waymo's autonomous driving technology. Our team has the unique opportunity to not only grow Waymo's brand from the ground up, but to also build societal acceptance for autonomous driving technology for the first time in history. We build thoughtful marketing strategy, positioning, messaging and creative assets to deliver messages that matter to our audience, communicated through anything from video content, to social media interactions, to immersive physical experiences. We also shape Waymo's go-to-market initiatives, helping to transform Waymo into a thriving business with a growing user base.

In this hybrid role based in London, you will report to the Global Experiential Marketing Lead.          
  
**You will:**  
•    Lead EMEA-based experiential marketing initiatives, overseeing the research, identification, strategic development, and end-to-end execution of large-scale programs and experiences.      
•    Serve as the steward of Waymo’s brand vision across all EMEA-based experiential initiatives, translating brand strategy into immersive, world-class experiences that foster public trust in autonomous technology.      
•    Drive and champion cross-functional event collaboration across Product, Marketing, Public Policy, Operations, and other organizational teams, ensuring alignment on priorities, clear roles and responsibilities, and seamless coordination of internal and external partners.      
•    Oversee talent, executive, policymaker, and guest relations across all experiences, including pre- and post-event communications and onsite management, ensuring stakeholders are informed, engaged, and supported throughout the event lifecycle.      
•    Manage program budgets with attention to detail, optimizing resource allocation and vendor negotiations to deliver premium activations with high cost-efficiency.      
•    Develop and maintain event KPIs and success metrics to evaluate program impact, track performance against objectives, deliver comprehensive post-event reporting, and drive continuous optimization through actionable insights and key learnings.      
          
**You have:**  
•    10+ years in an event specific role leading high-impact experiences in the region.      
•    Deep knowledge of the region’s experiential landscape, with a strong understanding of regional event trends, audiences, and cultural nuances.      
•    Extensive network of relationships across the events industry, including production partners, festivals, trade shows, conventions, venues, and key vendors.      
•    Strong experience leading cross-functional teams and managing employees, contractors, and agency partners to successfully deliver against campaign and event objectives.      
•    Proven experience in executing a wide variety of large-budget consumer experiences in the tech landscape. Large scale activations at consumer facing festivals, trade shows, and industry events are a must.      
•    Exceptional project management and organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple complex initiatives simultaneously.      
          
**We prefer:**  
•    Strong event execution background throughout EMEA.       
•    Experience in the autonomous vehicle, mobility, or a similarly highly regulated, pioneering technology sector.      
•    Experience thriving in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.      
          
**Travel Requirements:**  
•    30%      
•    4x+ travel to HQ in US

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£132,000—£139,000 GBP
