---
title: SoC - Chiplet Design Lead
status: archived
id: '4442834007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/4442834007
lastmod: '2026-05-20T18:35:02-04:00'
date: '2024-08-02T10:02:50-04:00'
location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
departments:
- SoC
offices:
- Boston
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

The SoC Chiplet Design Lead will drive the design and development of advanced System-on-Chip (SoC) architectures targeting AI, HPC and automotive markets that push the boundaries of performance, scalability, and efficiency. You’ll lead cross-functional teams through the entire SoC lifecycle—from concept and architecture through RTL, verification, and tape-out—while ensuring design excellence and integration success.

This role is **hybrid**, based out of **Toronto, Ottawa, Boston, Austin, or Santa Clara**, with potential for **remote work within North America** on a case-by-case basis.

We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.

**Who You Are**

* Deep background in SoC and chiplet design, with expertise in RTL design (Verilog/SystemVerilog) and digital architecture.
* Experienced in cross-functional collaboration, partnering with system, verification, physical design and packaging teams to deliver complex silicon.
* Skilled at balancing tradeoffs across performance, power, cost, and features.
* A strong technical leader and mentor, with a passion for developing high-performing engineering teams.

### **What We Need**

* Proven experience leading end-to-end SoC development, from concept to volume production.
* Mastery of SoC verification, synthesis, and timing closure workflows.
* Ability to manage internal and third-party IP integrations, lead design reviews, and closely collaborate with the DFT team
* Strategic mindset to align technical goals with product timelines and quality targets.

### **What You Will Learn**

* Building next-generation SoC chiplet architectures at advanced process nodes (e.g., 7nm, 5nm).
* Applying cutting-edge low-power and high-speed design (RISCV, UCIe, coherent fabrics, etc.).
* Enhancing cross-domain collaboration between hardware, software, and packaging disciplines.
* Shaping best practices and tools for scalable, efficient SoC design and validation.

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
