---
title: Sr. Machine Learning Engineer, ML Models
status: archived
id: '4822760007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/4822760007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T11:17:37-04:00'
date: '2025-08-07T09:51:58-04:00'
location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
departments:
- ML Models
offices:
- Toronto
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer on the ML Models team at Tenstorrent, you’ll take the lead in bringing up and optimizing cutting edge AI models to run on our custom AI devices. You’ll experiment, optimize, and push boundaries while solving real world problems. If you love the craft of ML and want to work on models that are used in real world applications, you’ll feel right at home.

This role is hybrid, based out of Toronto, ON, with the opportunity to be remote on a candidate-by-candidate basis.

**Who You Are**

* Confident with Python programming and hands-on experience with PyTorch for developing deep learning models.
* Driven by curiosity and a desire to experiment, always seeking to understand how complex systems work and how to make them better.
* Possess a deep understanding of ML model architectures, with the ability to optimize both individual components and overall model performance.
* Comfortable leading a small group of engineers and working closely with cross-functional teams.

**What We Need**

* Hands-on experience bringing up state-of-the-art ML models on new hardware platforms.
* Strong debugging instincts to investigate performance issues, tune architectures, and boost model accuracy and robustness.
* Working knowledge of model optimization techniques, like quantization, flash attention, kernel fusing, and multi-device parallelization.
* A curiosity-driven mindset that stays current with ML research and brings practical insights to real-world engineering challenges.

**What You Will Learn**

* How to get real ML models to fly on a custom AI accelerator
* Ways to optimize ML model performance, from application to silicon level.
* What it takes to go from research paper to production ready ML deployment
* How to work alongside compiler, kernel, and hardware teams to drive new features, performance optimizations, and fixes.

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
