---
title: Director, Systems & Solutions
status: archived
id: '4971430007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/4971430007
lastmod: '2026-06-24T13:58:49-04:00'
date: '2025-11-12T13:53:30-05:00'
location: Austin, Texas, United States; North America; Santa Clara, California, United
  States; Toronto, Ontario, Canada
departments:
- Systems Engineering
offices:
- United States
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

Join our innovative team as a Director, Systems & Solutions where you'll play a pivotal role in deploying and optimizing cutting-edge computer systems and AI hardware. If you have a passion for hardware technologies, including accelerators, CPUs, GPUs, and thrive in a dynamic, hands-on technical environment, we would love to hear from you. In this role you will be leading a team and helping us scale our customer base.

*This role ishybrid, based out of Santa Clara, CA; Austin, TX or Toronto, ON.*

*We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.*

**Who You Are**

* A hands-on manager with a deep understanding of computer systems and AI hardware, driven by curiosity and a passion for performance.
* You’re comfortable getting into the technical details - from CPU and GPU architecture to firmware and drivers and thrive in dynamic, hands-on environments.
* You excel at problem solving and enjoy working directly with customers to implement and optimize advanced computing solutions.
* You communicate clearly, collaborate effectively across teams, and take pride in delivering reliable, high-quality systems.
* You’re motivated by impact - eager to see your work come to life in the next generation of AI and high-performance compute deployments.

**What We Need**

* Strong experience with computer hardware and system architecture, including CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, and AI accelerators.
* Deep understanding of Linux operating systems, with experience in configuration, performance optimization, and administration.
* Proficiency in system software, including drivers, firmware, and related hardware-level tools.
* Working knowledge of electrical systems, including wiring, cabling, and thermal management.
* The ability to travel up to 50% of the time both domestically and internationally.

**What You Will Learn**

* How to deploy, validate, and optimize AI compute systems at scale across diverse customer environments.
* End-to-end exposure to hardware-software integration, from firmware and drivers to full system bring-up.
* Hands-on experience with accelerator-based architectures and cutting-edge hardware design.
* Collaboration with world-class engineering teams building open, high-performance systems based on RISC-V and modular chiplet architectures.
* The opportunity to directly shape how customers adopt and scale next-generation AI and HPC hardware, helping push the boundaries of performance and efficiency.

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
