---
title: Recruiter, Business Operations
status: archived
id: '5154145007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tenstorrent/jobs/5154145007
lastmod: '2026-06-26T13:23:59-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T14:07:38-04:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Recruiting
offices:
- Santa Clara
---

Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.

At Tenstorrent, we build computers for AI, and the developers shaping its future. We believe in an open future. Our architecture and software are designed to be edited, forked, and owned. Our team of engineers, dreamers, and first-principle thinkers is redefining how hardware and software converge to accelerate innovation. At the center of all of this are people. The right team isn’t a nice-to-have - it’s existential. As a ***Recruiter*** you’ll play a critical role in identifying and bringing in the individuals translating technology into product/story/pitch who will help define where AI goes next - and who gets to benefit from it. In this role you will support Creative, Communications, DevRel, Product, Operations, Sales, and Support functions.

*This role is* ***remote****, with a preference for candidates based in Santa Clara, CA; Austin, TX; or New York, NY.*

*We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.*

**Who You Are**

* A recruiter who can spot talent in unexpected places.
* Embedded in tech scenes and following the latest news while tracking the talent flow.
* A natural storyteller who can turn our mission into a “must-join” pitch.
* A builder who thrives in fast, scrappy, ever-changing environments preferably from an early stage start up.
* An experimenter at heart, trying the newest tools, etc.

**What We Need**

* 2+ years running full-cycle searches across marketing, product, and operations roles.
* Build new and alternative pipelines going beyond LinkedIn - think niche communities, creative networks, standout startups.
* Partner with hiring managers to define roles and close talent fast.
* Keep our process sharp, human, and scalable.

**What You Will Learn**

* How to recruit for a company redefining compute and openness in AI.
* What world-class talent looks like (and how to win them over).
* How to craft stories that hook passive candidates and keep them engaged.
* To balance urgency with care, and growth with focus, in a rapidly evolving space.

*Compensation for all engineers at Tenstorrent ranges from $100k - $500k including base and variable compensation targets. Experience, skills, education, background and location all impact the actual offer made.*

*Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.*

*This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology.  Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2).   These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S.  As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency.  If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.*
