---
title: Design Manager - Capital Building Projects
status: archived
id: 2355809e-0fa8-4b91-b5ad-bca336c5a28a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/2355809e-0fa8-4b91-b5ad-bca336c5a28a
lastmod: '2026-04-02T14:48:50.761+00:00'
date: '2026-04-02T14:48:50.761+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Facilities
- Operations
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Duties & Responsibilities:**

* Lead/oversee design efforts for multiple, simultaneous capital projects of various size and complexity
* Lead development, identification, and scoping of projects including  requirements, goals, budgets, schedules, and implementation approaches
* Work in partnership with internal team members including technical SME’s, project sponsors, construction, facilities, and EHS.
* Develop RFP’s for design and construction proposals from external 3rd parties
* Occasional travel
* Design review and approval
* Engagement with AHJ’s and municipalities as required for project approvals

# **Requirements:**

* Minimum 2 years proven experience leading a multi-discipline design teams including civil/site, structural, MEP, FP, architecture design elements through the complete project life cycle from concept/project definition through to commissioning and hand over. Project experience should be in an industrial, manufacturing, distribution, or technology sector.  Project experience desired to be a combination of smaller (<$2M), medium ($2M - $50M), and large (> $50M) capital investment.
* Minimum 4 years of actual design experience in one of the following areas of focus: architecture, structural, MEP, site/civil.
* Demonstrated experience with leading and facilitating project teams comprised of technical SME’s, manufacturing representatives, facilities and EHS representatives, and construction/commissioning representatives.
* Experience and understanding of project scheduling and capital project budget development and tracking, with a proven track record of meeting schedules and budgets.
* Excellent organizational and communication skills, ability to pivot between in-depth detail to high level concepts, and experience with conflict resolution.
* Preferred but not required, professional licensure (PE/RA) in technical area of practice.
* Experience as consulting engineer/architect and/or as owner.
* Proven ability to learn and grow from experiences, open to new approaches and solutions, and willing to make quick decisions.

# **Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits:**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:**Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:**Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:**Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:**Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
