---
title: 'Procurement Coordinator '
status: archived
id: 7acd8b24-5484-4f15-bb09-20f0fbb7d31e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/7acd8b24-5484-4f15-bb09-20f0fbb7d31e
lastmod: '2026-06-24T14:19:30.337+00:00'
date: '2026-06-24T14:19:30.337+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Supply Chain
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

**Job Summary:**

We are seeking a detail-oriented and proactive **Procurement Coordinator** to support the efficient and cost-effective movement of goods from suppliers to customers. The ideal candidate will be responsible for managing logistics, inventory control, purchasing, and vendor relationships while ensuring accurate and timely delivery of products. This role plays a key part in maintaining supply chain efficiency to support the production of our autonomous surface vessels and meet production goals.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* **Supply Chain Management:** Coordinate and manage the end-to-end flow of materials and components from suppliers to production facilities, ensuring timely and efficient delivery to meet production schedules for autonomous surface vessels.
* **Procurement Support:** Assist in purchase order follow-up, confirming purchase order receipts, sourcing and evaluating suppliers, negotiating pricing and terms, placing purchase orders, and maintaining strong vendor relationships to ensure a reliable and high-quality supply of materials.
* **Inventory Control**: Monitor and manage inventory levels to prevent shortages or excess. Implement inventory management best practices to optimize storage, improve accuracy, and reduce holding costs.
* **Production Coordination:** Collaborate closely with production, engineering, and quality teams to align supply chain activities with production demands and timelines. Schedule and track incoming materials to support seamless production flow.
* **Logistics & Shipment Tracking:** Oversee the coordination of inbound and outbound logistics. Track shipments to ensure on-time delivery and resolve any delays, discrepancies, or customs-related issues.
* **Documentation & Reporting:** Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of supply chain activities, including orders, shipments, and inventory. Prepare regular reports on supply chain performance, supplier reliability, and inventory health.
* **Database Management:** Maintain and regularly update supplier and item databases, ensuring accurate records for procurement, compliance, and inventory tracking.
* **Issue Resolution:** Proactively identify and resolve supply chain disruptions such as material delays, supplier non-compliance, or inventory discrepancies. Develop contingency plans to manage risk and maintain production continuity.
* **Process Improvement:** Identify and support continuous improvement initiatives to enhance supply chain efficiency, reduce costs, and streamline operations. Contribute to the implementation of best practices across procurement, logistics, and inventory management.
* **Communication & Collaboration:** Act as a central point of contact for supply chain-related inquiries. Maintain open and effective communication with internal stakeholders and external partners to ensure alignment and responsiveness.

**Qualifications:**

* **Education:** Bachelor’s degree in Supply Chain Management, Logistics, Business Administration, or a related field.
* **Experience:** 2+ years in supply chain, logistics, or related roles preferred.
* **Technical Skills:**
* ERP**/**MRP System Proficiency(e.g., SAP, NetSuite, Oracle, Microsoft Dynamics)
* Advanced Excel Skills (e.g., VLOOKUP, PivotTables, data analysis)
* Inventory Management
* Logistics and Freight Coordination
* Procurement and Purchase Order Management
* Understanding of Supply Chain KPIs
* Documentation & record Keeping
* Basic Understanding of Import/Export Compliance (e.g., Incoterms, customs processes)
* **Soft Skills:**
* Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills
* Strong communication and interpersonal abilities
* Attention to detail and ability to work under pressure
* Ability to multitask and manage competing priorities
* Critical Thinking
* Team Oriented and adaptable

**Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

**Physical Requirements**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
