---
title: 'Technical Illustrator '
status: archived
id: 9d30a6f8-276b-410d-aee6-0771adde2281
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/9d30a6f8-276b-410d-aee6-0771adde2281
lastmod: '2026-05-19T14:31:05.849+00:00'
date: '2026-05-19T14:31:05.849+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Design
- Marketing
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking a Technical Illustrator to produce high-quality, accurate visuals for training materials and user manuals related to the operation and maintenance of autonomous surface vessels. This role combines technical illustration and elements of instructional design, with a primary focus on parts identification and procedural graphics. The ideal candidate is skilled at translating 3D models into clean, scalable vector artwork and thrives in a collaborative, detail-oriented environment.

# **Responsibilities**

* Illustration Development: Partner with Documentation and Training teams to research, conceptualize, and develop visually compelling isometric, orthographic, and perspective vector illustrations that translate complex technical information into clear, user-friendly visuals.
* Content Collaboration: Work closely with subject matter experts to gather information, understand technical processes, and translate concepts into easy-to-understand visual formats.
* User-Centered Design: Utilize best practices in instructional design and user experience to ensure materials are engaging, intuitive, and meet the needs of diverse learners.
* Branding and Consistency: Ensure all visuals align with the company’s brand guidelines and maintain a consistent visual language. Provide and maintain brand-forward assets to the Design team for use in marketing materials and presentations.
* Reference & Visualization Workflow: Interpret engineering drawings, CAD models, and other references to develop accurate, detailed technical artwork. Use 3D software (e.g., Blender, Plasticity, or similar) to establish views and isolate components for reference.
* Standards & Asset Development: Assist in the development and maintainence of visual style guides and component libraries. Create modular illustration assets, designing graphics and establishing workflows that lend themselves well to iterative revisions and improvements.
* Continuous Improvement: Stay updated on the latest trends in instructional design and graphic design to continually enhance the quality of materials produced. Connect with designers and illustrators to exchange solutions, constructive feedback, and best practices.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree or higher in Illustration, Graphic Design, or a related field.
* Proven experience (2+ years) in technical/educational illustration or instructional graphic design, preferably within a technical or defense-related industry.
* Proficiency in Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Creative Suite
* Familiarity with 3D applications such as Blender, Plasticity, etc.
* Demonstrated ability to create orthographic and isometric illustrations.
* Strong understanding of instructional design principles and adult learning theories.
* Understanding of accessibility best practices in graphic design.
* Excellent visual communication skills and a keen eye for detail.
* Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced startup environment and manage multiple projects simultaneously.

# **Physical Demands:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Occasional standing and walking within the office
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages)

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
