---
title: EHS Specialist - Production & Engineering
status: archived
id: c508a68e-354f-41d6-ab34-bd09a7540e4e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/c508a68e-354f-41d6-ab34-bd09a7540e4e
lastmod: '2026-04-27T15:53:50.755+00:00'
date: '2026-04-27T15:53:50.755+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- EHS
- People
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Job Overview**

We are seeking an ambitious and collaborative Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Specialist to support our fast-growing operations across production and engineering groups. This role offers opportunity for growth in both technical skills and professional capabilities. The EHS Specialist will be responsible for supporting the development, implementation, and management of critical EHS programs and training to ensure regulatory compliance while promoting a culture of learning and operational excellence.

# **Responsibilities**

* Support environmental management compliance: Air permits, Hazardous and Industrial Waste, Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP), and Spill Prevention Countermeasure and Control (SPCC) inspections and management tasks.
* Support program development and management of Respiratory Protection, Hearing Conservation, Ergonomics, Powered Industrial Trucks, Hazard Communication, Cranes and Rigging, Electrical and Battery Safety, Lockout/Tagout, Emergency Action Plan, etc.

* Conduct safety meetings, presentations, trainings, committees, shift stand ups, promotion of Human and Organizational Performance, and GEMBA walk throughs with stakeholders.

* Support the creation of Job Hazard Analyses (JHA) for production and engineering processes.

* Lead hazard control and safeguard implementation including vendor and project management.

* Lead EHS event learning analyses and track/manage actionable improvements.

* Able to rapidly respond to employee health or safety emergencies and activate emergency procedures.

* Review and observe manufacturing work practices to identify EHS program hazards or requirements.

* Submit, track, and manage EHS continuous improvement suggestions.

* Address, document, and support safety concerns on the floor and in writing.

* Provide EHS training and education to employees at all levels of the organization, including new hire orientation, ongoing safety training, and specialized training for high-risk activities.

* Support EHS team initiatives and responsibilities including regulatory reports, inspections, or information requests; internal audits; emergency drills; management system improvements; and program development and assessments.

* Stay current on emerging EHS regulations, trends, and best practices, and communicate relevant updates to stakeholders within the organization.

* Develop individual and team objectives and key results and track progress towards completion.

# **Qualifications**

* Bachelor's degree in occupational health and safety, environmental science, engineering, public health, or a related field; professional certification (e.g., ASP, CSP, CIH, CHMM) preferred.

* 2+ years of experience in EHS, preferably in maritime, aerospace, or general manufacturing or industrial environments.

# **Preferred Requirements:**

* Thorough understanding of federal, state, and local EHS regulations, including OSHA, EPA/TCEQ, and DOT requirements.

* Proven track record of developing and implementing effective EHS programs and initiatives, with a focus on injury prevention and risk reduction.

* Strong analytical skills, with the ability to assess complex situations, identify trends, and develop data-driven solutions.

* Strong customer service, communication, and organizational skills, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders.

* Experience conducting EHS training and education programs for diverse audiences, including frontline employees, supervisors, and executives.

* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and EHS software applications for data management and reporting.

* Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities and deadlines effectively.

# **Benefits:**

**Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services

Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents

**Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care

Saronic pays 100% of the premium under the basic plan for employees and 80% for dependents

**Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays

**Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents

**Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses

**Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan with company match

**Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success

**Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage

**Pet Insurance:** Discounted pet insurance options including 24/7 Telehealth helpline

**Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*If this role is based in the United States, it requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*  
  
Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. *We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.*
