---
title: Growth Strategy & Operations Analyst
status: archived
id: c55b93de-6e4e-47b4-8a2b-b1f8b0f5d792
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/saronic/c55b93de-6e4e-47b4-8a2b-b1f8b0f5d792
lastmod: '2026-04-07T19:25:23.502+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T19:25:23.502+00:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Business Development
- Growth Strategy & Ops
---

Saronic Technologies is a leader in revolutionizing autonomy at sea, dedicated to developing state-of-the-art solutions that enhance maritime operations through autonomous and intelligent platforms.

# **Role Overview**

We are seeking a Growth Strategy & Operations Analyst to drive operational efficiency, clarity, and scalability across our Growth and broader business organization. This role is critical in supporting strategic decision-making, optimizing end-to-end processes, and enabling teams with the tools, insights, and structure needed to execute and grow.

In this role, you will serve as the connective tissue between leadership, sales, programs, marketing, product, and other key functions - ensuring alignment, accountability, and seamless cross-functional execution. You will play a central part in managing and improving our sales pipeline, commercial processes, and forecasting mechanisms while also taking on a wide variety of business operations work, including areas like commercial pricing, demand planning, coordinating cross-functional alignment and organization-wide process improvements.

We’re looking for someone who is highly analytical, operationally minded, and excited to tackle ambiguous challenges that span multiple parts of the business. You should be comfortable diving into complex data, building and refining processes, and collaborating across teams to solve problems and drive growth.

# **Key Responsibilities**

* **Strategic Planning:** Develop and drive emerging strategic initiatives by translating company objectives into actionable plans, ensuring alignment across Product, Growth, and Strategy teams.
* **Process Improvement:** Drive cross-functional process improvement by identifying operational gaps and implementing scalable workflows across sales, marketing, product, and programs.
* **Capture Coordination:** Lead cross-functional alignment on critical business opportunities by partnering across Growth, Programs, Product, Proposal, Contracts, and Leadership to shape opportunities, assist proposal efforts, support program execution, and ensure each pursuit is integrated with broader strategic priorities.
* **Growth Operations:** Own and enhance core Growth operations, including pricing updates, commercial price list management, and comprehensive demand planning - building forecast simulations, assessing resource requirements, and allocating capacity to materialized demand to ensure clear organizational visibility.
* **Special Projects:** Structure complex, ambiguous problems, collaborate cross-functionally to develop solutions, and drive execution from planning to implementation.

  #

# **Qualifications**

* 2+ years in Sales Operations, Revenue Operations, or related roles OR compelling experience in consulting or finance.
* Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or related field.
* Strong command of foundational analytics and communication tools (e.g., Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) and ability to quickly master new software tools.
* Highly organized, detail-oriented, and proactive in managing competing priorities.
* Excellent communication skills and stakeholder management across technical and non-technical teams.

# **Physical Demands**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
* Occasional standing and walking within the office.
* Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.
* Visual acuity to read screens, documents, and reports.
* Occasional reaching, bending, or stooping to access file drawers, cabinets, or office supplies.
* Lifting and carrying items up to 20 pounds occasionally (e.g., office supplies, packages).

# **Benefits**

* **Medical Insurance:** Comprehensive health insurance plans covering a range of services
* **Dental and Vision Insurance:** Coverage for routine dental check-ups, orthodontics, and vision care
* Saronic pays 100% of the premium for employees and 80% for dependents
* **Time Off:** Generous PTO and Holidays
* **Parental Leave:** Paid maternity and paternity leave to support new parents
* **Competitive Salary:** Industry-standard salaries with opportunities for performance-based bonuses
* **Retirement Plan:** 401(k) plan
* **Stock Options:** Equity options to give employees a stake in the company’s success
* **Life and Disability Insurance:** Basic life insurance and short- and long-term disability coverage
* **Additional Perks:** Free lunch benefit and unlimited free drinks and snacks in the office

[*Saronic CCPA Notice for Candidates and California Employees*](https://saronic-assets-public.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/Saronic%20CCPA%20Notice%20for%20Candidates%20and%20California%20Employees.pdf)

*This role requires access to export-controlled information or items that require “U.S. Person” status. As defined by U.S. law, individuals who are any one of the following are considered to be a “U.S. Person”: (1) U.S. citizens, (2) legal permanent residents (a.k.a. green card holders), and (3) certain protected classes of asylees and refugees, as defined in* [*8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)*](https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/8/1324b)*.*

Saronic does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
