---
title: Senior Android Engineer
status: active
id: '6976239'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=6976239
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-06-17T11:26:56-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California ; San Francisco, California
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's commercial service is running in five cities, and the associated infrastructure is in an early stage and requires investment for Waymo to grow into a high scale, world-class service.

We are building a team of engineers dedicated to further developing our in-car experience.    
  
Projects include the Pick Ups and Drop Offs (PUDO) experience, and Infotainment during passenger trips (music, games, maps). Our team works on the user interfaces used by customers to hail and control our autonomous vehicles. We build complex user experiences, phone-to-vehicle communications, and solve novel human-computer interaction problems in the AV space.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Work on the software associated with the interaction between riders and the AV at pickups and dropoffs.
* Work on an Android application to control the car features before and during a ride.
* Inspire trust in the self-driving systems.
* Collaborate with software engineers on the PUDO team, product managers, designers, researchers, vehicle engineers, AI experts, and fleet operations to build cohesive, user-centered solutions.

**You have:**

* BS/MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
* 3+ years of software development experience
* Experience with modern Android application development
* Experience with in-car / infotainment / vehicle software
* Experience with C++
* Passion and experience building user-facing products

**We prefer:**

* 1+ years of experience with Android Auto or CarPlay
* 1+ years of experience with Bluetooth
* Experience with Kotlin and Compose
* Experience with OpenGL, 3D graphics, or gaming engines

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
