---
title: Staff Software Engineer (BE/ML) - Compliance & Readiness
status: active
id: '7028616'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7028616
lastmod: '2026-06-04T14:47:38-04:00'
date: '2025-07-08T15:28:56-04:00'
location: Warsaw, Poland
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-RODC2)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Waymo Compliance and Readiness team is responsible for providing safe and delightful experiences to all riders. You will work closely with the Operation team to help detect and prevent events such as lost items or passengers in the wrong seat by leveraging data pipelines and machine learning models.

We are looking for a Staff / Lead Software Engineer, with experience in backend development and building ML data pipelines. In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Guide all technical aspects of development, including technical requirements definition, design, implementation, unit testing, and integration
* Prompt Engineering to train LLM models on Waymo use cases
* Apply multimedia ML techniques like image recognition and video analysis
* Build ML data pipelines to understand model Precision and Recall
* Design, build, and productionize AI solutions using Google Cloud capabilities and state-of-the-art ML approaches
* Work cross-functionally with teams such as Operations and Remote Assistance

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 6+ years experience working with backend technologies (e.g. C++, Spanner)
* Set technical direction for an engineering team in the past
* Experience managing projects spanning across multiple teams
* Experience in Python and/or C++
* Strong written and verbal communication

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with Gemini APIs (or other ML multimedia APIs)
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Spanner, Flume, Borg, Protocol Buffers, OnePlatform)
* Experience in the Self Driving Car industry
* Experience as an Engineering Lead

#LI-Hybrid
