---
title: Software Engineer, Planner Vehicle Dynamics
status: active
id: '7141380'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7141380
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-08-11T11:25:37-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California
departments:
- Planner (7LU)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- Pittsburgh (US-PIT-BAK)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

In this role, you’ll:

* Work with a creative team of people who are responsible for ensuring that the behavior of our cars is safe, dynamically feasible, reliable, and comfortable in environments where inputs can be noisy, uncertain, or incomplete.
* Design and deploy algorithms to measure the performance of state of the art technology for handling any kind of weather and degraded conditions that are scalable to different cities and scenarios.
* Work on a bleeding edge project at the intersection of traditional robotics and modern ML techniques.

At a minimum we’d like you to have:

* BS/MS/PHD in Computer Science, Robotics, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience
* Experience with building, integrating, debugging and evaluating ML-based systems
* Strong experience with Python for data analysis
* Strong experience with SQL and working with large datasets
* Strong experience programming in C++  with robust and efficient code
* Strong software architecture skills
* Ability to work on a distributed team

Experience with applying Machine Learning to generate vehicle models,  solve motion planning or related robotics problems is preferred but not required.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
