---
title: Senior Security Engineer
status: active
id: '7160937'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7160937
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-08-19T15:28:40-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Senior Security Engineer

As a Senior Security Engineer, you will be a key contributor in establishing and maintaining robust cybersecurity for Waymo's innovative products and services. You will be responsible for evaluating system elements, defining comprehensive cybersecurity concepts, and performing threat analysis and risk assessments (TARA) in compliance with ISO/SAE 21434. You will define and manage security requirements, determine risk treatment approaches, and collaborate closely with engineering and safety teams throughout the product lifecycle to understand and mitigate practical security and safety implications. Your role will also involve ensuring continuous compliance with relevant standards across multiple projects.

You will:

* Evaluate system elements and define item boundaries, considering their operational environments ,  and devise a comprehensive cybersecurity concept.
* Perform threat analysis and risk  assessment (TARA) (e.g., Identify threats to assets, evaluate attack feasibility, impact rating, etc) in compliance with ISO/SAE 21434.
* Define and manage requirements and determine approaches for proper risk treatment for self-driving platform features that are based on TARA output.
* Work with Waymo engineering teams on understanding practical security risks, safety implications, and necessary mitigations, during the entire lifecycle of the product (e.g., concept, development, operation, and incident response)
* Partner with safety teams to evaluate safety impact and required interactions between standards defining cybersecurity and functional safety.
* Maintain compliance with standards during the entire lifecycle of multiple projects, and perform updates

You have:

* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Communications Engineering, Automotive Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or similar
* A thorough understanding of performing cybersecurity threat and risk assessments on technical designs and architectures of embedded systems or other computer systems.
* A solid understanding of cybersecurity fundamentals (e.g., secure communications,security technologies, etc) and their practical deployments
* The ability to create & negotiate targets and requirements with Waymo engineering teams.

We prefer:

* At least 5 years experience in an security (or similar industry) role delivering software and/or hardware
* Thorough understanding of security best practices
* Experience writing security requirements for engineering teams
* Experience designing security features
* Experience working with ISO/SAE 21434 certification and/or UNR 155 type approval

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
