---
title: Staff Software Engineer, Machine Learning, Route and Pin Quality
status: active
id: '7224992'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7224992
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-09-04T11:02:12-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- Planner (7LU)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Software Engineering builds the brains of Waymo's fully autonomous driving technology. Our software allows the Waymo Driver to perceive the world around it, make the right decision for every situation, and deliver people safely to their destinations. We think deeply and solve complex technical challenges in areas like robotics, perception, decision-making and deep learning, while collaborating with hardware and systems engineers. If you’re a software engineer or researcher who’s curious and passionate about Level 4 autonomous driving, we'd like to meet you.  
  
*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Technical Lead Manager.*

**You will:**

* Design, implement, and evaluate new algorithms and models to improve pick-up/drop-off points selection and routing quality, considering factors like walking inconvenience, safety, traffic, and user preferences.
* Develop and enhance our simulation and evaluation infrastructure to accurately measure the impact of changes and accelerate development cycles.
* Analyze large datasets from our fleet to identify opportunities, develop new metrics, and guide product direction.
* Collaborate closely with teams across Waymo, including TaaS, Onboard Router, and Pullover, to ensure a cohesive and optimal user experience.
* Contribute to the full software development lifecycle, from ideation and design to implementation, testing, deployment, and monitoring.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
* 7+ years of software engineering experience, including significant experience in designing and building production-grade systems.
* Proven experience (3+ years) in developing and deploying machine learning models in real-world applications.
* Strong proficiency in C++.
* Demonstrated ability to work with large datasets, including data extraction, analysis, and feature engineering (e.g., using SQL/Plx).

**We prefer:**

* Master's or PhD in Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field.
* Experience with ML techniques for Ranking and Recommendation Systems
* Experience in robotics, autonomous vehicles, or geospatial systems.
* Track record of influencing technical direction and strategy.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$238,000—$302,000 USD
