---
title: Senior Backend Engineer, Security
status: active
id: '7347335'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7347335
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-10-28T13:45:13-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA ; San Francsico, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation of infrastructure for driverless cars? Join the Waymo Commercialization team, and help design the future of transportation! We are looking for a passionate SWE who wants to help build the systems that manage and optimize Waymo’s fleet management systems.

The ideal candidate is someone who can be self-sufficient and product-minded. You will be working on cross-cutting problems that will require strong cross-team collaboration, both technically (security, cloud backends, and the Waymo Driver) and functionally (operations, product, legal, partnerships, policy & privacy) to develop and deliver business critical infrastructure.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve one or more mission-critical commercialization tools and systems
* Collaborate with Product, Security, and other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as vehicle profile, secure parts transactions, vehicle configuration and build key security infrastructure.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 7+ years of backend/infra experience
* Strong knowledge with security concepts (encryption, authentication,Identity, secure communication protocols, access control)

**We prefer:**

* Compiled language experience (C++, Java or Go)
* Experience building microservices
* Knowledge of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) concepts such as:
* X.509
* CSR generation and signing
* Certificate hierarchy
* secure key storage
* Knowledge of symmetric key generation, derivation and storage
* HSM / Hardware backed secure key generation and storage
* KDF - AES, HMAC
* End to end Secure key provisioning
* Knowledge of cryptography, including
* cryptographic key types
* cryptographic Algorithms

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
