---
title: Embedded Software Technical Lead & Manager, Simulation
status: active
id: '7361509'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7361509
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-10-28T09:51:49-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- ESWE Pose and Motion Control (7SI)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is a diverse, and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're looking for curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

The Embedded Simulation team enables Waymo to quickly and reliably scale the Waymo Driver across new vehicle & hardware platforms, and to accelerate development of our embedded and reliability software systems. We build both dedicated test properties for embedded and hardware use cases, and also incorporate our technology into full-system behavioral simulation.

*In this role, you will report to the Senior Director, R&D Software Engineering*

**You will:**

* Lead & manage team responsible for embedded HIL/SIL testing and simulation.
* Set strategy for expansion of test & sim infrastructure to support new products and Waymo's scale.
* Develop Waymo internal graph-based simulation framework in C++ and improve simulation realism by implementing models of a vehicle and environmental conditions.
* Combine past logged data with the output of the models running in a loop for a more representative simulation.
* Integrate SIL and HIL simulation with CI/CD pipelines.
* Ensure test & sim infrastructure is highly available and reliable.

**You have:**

* Technical leadership of software teams.
* Strong knowledge of modern C++
* Experience designing, implementing and maintaining production software systems
* Linux on advanced user level
* Familiarity in Electrical Engineering

**We prefer:**

* People management experience
* Passion for HIL simulation
* Embedded programming experience
* Linux for real-time applications
* Knowledge of general-purpose and automotive network systems (Ethernet, CAN, etc.)
* Familiarity with the building blocks for datacenter monitoring systems (databases, dashboards, etc.)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$281,000—$356,000 USD
