---
title: Senior Android Platform Engineer
status: active
id: '7382506'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7382506
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-11-07T16:29:52-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's commercial service is running in five cities, and the associated infrastructure is in an early stage and requires investment for Waymo to grow into a high scale, world-class service.

We are building a team of engineers dedicated to further developing our Android Platform team. Our team works on the user interfaces used by customers to interact with our autonomous vehicles as well as provide entertainment and information while riding. This is a fullstack team, managing the bring up and maintenance of a complete automotive grade Android system.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Evaluate SoC vendor development kits
* Develop update mechanism for Android OS and applications
* Work with vendors, HW team and other stakeholders to define requirements for next UX platform
* Bring up Android on new hardware
* Provide technical support for other teams working on our Android devices

**You have:**

* BS/MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
* 3+ years of software development experience
* Experience working with low-level Android/AOSP (building Android platform features, frameworks), not just developing apps on top of Android
* Worked with git, repo and gerrit

**We prefer:**

* Brought up Android on new hardware, or customized a build of Android for a new hardware variant
* Experience with security aspects of Android, SELinux and key provisioning

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
