---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Vehicle Engineering
status: active
id: '7409556'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7409556
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-11-26T15:41:18-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA ; Novi, MI, USA
departments:
- Vehicle (75W)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is a diverse, innovative, and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

*This hybrid role will report to a Vehicle Engineering Leader.*

**You will:**

* Engineering custom vehicle structures and trim for the Waymo vehicles
* Working closely with OEM partners to co-define changes to base vehicle architecture/ components for specific Waymo needs
* Collaboratively working with internal Waymo partner teams, E.G. Styling, Product, System Architecture, Manufacturing, Supply Chain etc to understand their needs and Engineer solutions that meet their requirements
* Interface with Tier One suppliers to bring designs to production reality, working through DFM feedback and quality expectations
* Frequently create and present trade Matrices outlining different solutions to problems, based on options such as weight, cost (capital and piece price), package volume etc, ultimately resulting in a recommended path forward.
* Use your background in Vehicle Engineering to develop hardware in a range of materials and manufacturing technologies, including injection molding, castings, stampings, soft trim and hard trim.

**You have:**

* Experience Engineering vehicle structures as well as cosmetic A-Class components/ assemblies, designing to requirements such as first mode stiffness, cost targets, manufacturing tact time etc
* ~10 years of Product Design experience, having launched multiple car platforms successfully, ideally working on early concept stages through to production launch.
* Experience working with a range of manufacturing processes and materials, metals, plastics. composites
* Current detailed knowledge of Catia (V5/V6), able to model in 3D and 2D to production ready designs
* Ability to communicate up and down within the organisation including leadership, partner OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers.
* Demonstrated ability to identify, engage with and downselect supplier selection working with Supply chain and SQE.

**We prefer:**

* Ability to read moldflow and interpret results to guide component and tooling design
* Tool design history/ working at a tool design or injection molding company to optimize tooling design for part quality, timing and investment cost.
* PPAP quality process and how this is applied to automotive components.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Travel to Vehicle team in Novi MI, possibly once per quarter
* Travel to vendors and OEM partners likely once per 4-6 weeks. Some domestic, some overseas

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$248,000 USD
