---
title: Senior Fullstack Software Engineer, Workshop Management
status: active
id: '7426952'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7426952
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-17T12:34:18-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s commercial service is up and running in multiple cities, with ambitious plans to expand dramatically in the coming years; the associated infrastructure is in an early stage and requires significant investment for Waymo to grow into a high scale, world-class service. Increasing demand for Waymo’s ride-hailing service will drive evolution of our systems, providing an opportunity-rich environment to solve hard, ambiguous, high-impact, cross-functional problems.

**Team:** Fleet Management

**Project:** Workshop management; focused on planning and executing vehicle maintenance and uptime software.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, test, and optimize Angular applications using Typescript and modern development techniques.
* Build and evolve mission-critical tools and systems that allow Waymo to scale and serve new markets.
* Collaborate with Product, UX, and other engineers to design and develop internal user-facing products.
* Ship solutions to novel problems that arise in a fast-paced environment.
* collaborative - work across team boundaries
* cross-functional - work with PM, UX, legal, operations, or other non-engineering roles
* independence / leadership - take ownership and drive efforts to completion

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 4+ years of experience in full-stack development.
* Strong understanding of web development fundamentals including HTML, CSS, and modern JavaScript/TypeScript.
* Knowledge of common frontend web development frameworks (e.g., Angular, React, Vue).
* Interest in backend development.
* Experience with 3rd party integrations and public APIs

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Flume, Borg, Protocol Buffers, OnePlatform) or GCP equivalent
* Backend experience in Java, Python, Go, C++ or similar.
* Working knowledge of frontend frameworks (e.g. Angular, Dart)
* Scalability experience
* Experience in the automotive industry

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
