---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Mapping Field Response
status: active
id: '7429828'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7429828
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-22T17:43:57-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Waymo Mapping team's goal is to build a high resolution map of the world to support safe autonomous driving. We work on creating the map using a combination of automatic and manual techniques and build the infrastructure to store, process, and distribute the map.

**In this role, you will:**

* Own business-critical systems for taking low latency actions in response to signals from Waymo’s fleet
* Develop algorithms and infrastructure for keeping the map fresh
* Build robust backend infrastructure and data processing that will scale with Waymo’s growth
* Make high-impact contributions across Waymo’s Mapping stack including infrastructure development,  algorithm advances, and tooling improvements

**You have:**

* Backend engineer with experience building server-side infrastructure and data processing
* Solid coding skills (C++ preferred)
* > 4 years of total experience
* Strong sense of ownership and ability to thrive in ambiguity
* Proven track record of being able to apply a broad range of skills to effectively solve business problems

**It's a Bonus if you have:**

* Master’s in Computer Science, Robotics or related field
* Experience in AV industry or Mapping

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
