---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Internal Tooling
status: active
id: '7429795'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7429795
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-07T14:45:41-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- ESWE Pose and Motion Control (7SI)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule* *and you will report to a Senior Staff Software Engineer.*

**You will:**

* Design and implement reliability tooling software infrastructure to help engineering, product, and operations understand and apply insights about AV fleet reliability
* Collaborate with a wide variety of cross-functional teams to understand needs and areas of opportunity, product requirements, and technical implementation for various reliability-related software tools
* Perform basic analyses of reliability data, understand it’s context, and create reports, with an aim to automate the processes if required to run regularly
* Review related designs and code from peer engineers
* Document tooling for multiple users, from executives, to operations, to engineering power users needing to work “under the hood” and have access to tooling APIs

**You have:**

* BS in Computer Science, similar discipline, or equivalent work experience
* 3+ years SWE experience
* 2+ years working with C++

**We prefer:**

* 1+ year working with Python
* Experience with Google Infrastructure
* Experience with SQL

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
