---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Fleet Monitoring & Platform
status: active
id: '7430666'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7430666
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-17T18:20:43-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, test, and optimize Angular applications using Typescript and modern development techniques.
* Build and evolve mission-critical tools and systems that allow Waymo to scale and serve new markets.
* Solve hard real-world problems related to Waymo Fleet Monitoring and building reusable platform functionalities..
* Collaborate with Product, UX, and other engineers to design and develop internal user-facing products.
* Ship solutions to novel problems that arise in a fast-paced environment.

**You have:**

* 5+ years of experience building frontend systems and infrastructure
* Solid frontend system architecture mentality; ability to think holistically across multiple systems.
* Great to have past experience of designing or working on highly configurable and reusable UI systems or platforms.
* Solid, senior+ technical capability.
* Good understanding of overall system architecture including backend systems
* Cross functional collaboration capability; ability to work across team / org / system boundaries.
* Dynamic infrastructure and has been focused on building front-end design systems
* Good to have experience on any frontend framework but Angular, NGRX and RXJS solid experience is a plus
* Experience on building UI components library

**We prefer:**

* Backend experience in Java, Python, Go, C++ or similar.
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Borg, Protocol Buffers, Spanner).
* Experience with engineering artifacts, reliability monitoring and alerting, documentation, integration testing, production hygiene, and support processes.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$212,500—$270,000 USD
