---
title: Senior Android Engineer, Growth
status: active
id: '7433481'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7433481
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-16T02:16:21-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA ; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

TaaS (Transportation as a Service) is responsible for building an amazing user experience and business around the Waymo Driver.

We are responsible collectively for Growth, Territory Expansion, Service Quality (including pickup, drop-off and routing), Marketplace (booking, pricing, positioning, matching), and Partnerships / B2B(2C) monetization.

The Growth team serves as the engine for rider acquisition, engagement and retention. We are responsible for driving incremental trips by bringing Waymo to new markets and demographics.

**You will:**

* Work on small teams that move at a high velocity to deliver new features and experiences to our users. For example, extend our homepage for personalized discovery, build a unified loyalty ecosystem, and drive seamless cross-surface experiences spanning mobile apps and the car.
* Build key Android UX flows within the Growth Team and have the opportunity to extend into full-stack development.
* Work with cross-functional partners such as PM, UX and Marketing to ideate novel programs and incentives to increase user engagement and trip incrementality.

**You have:**

* B.S. degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of experience with Android development.
* Proven track record of building user facing features on Android.
* Fluent with Kotlin and Jetpack Compose in a production environment.
* Experience partnering with product managers and designers.

**We prefer:**

* Interest in full-stack development, with experience in client-server API design.
* Experience building and maintaining shared Android libraries or components.
* Experience with performance analysis, profiling, and optimization tools.
* Familiarity with dependency injection frameworks like Dagger.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
