---
title: Global Workplace Services Manager
status: active
id: '7435991'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7435991
lastmod: '2026-07-07T14:41:38-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T13:26:58-04:00'
location: Warsaw, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland)
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-RODC2)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Director of Global Workplace & eMobility.

**You will:**

* Demonstrated executive-level management capabilities, leveraging strategic thinking and leadership to ensure the delivery of high-standard services across all functions, departments, and business units.
* Spearheaded the Workplace and Engineering Service Delivery division\*\*, driving end-to-end process design and implementation to achieve and maintain exceptional critical uptime SLAs across an expanding portfolio, with results consistently reported to executive stakeholders.
* Authored and managed critical reporting systems and executive dashboards, meticulously gathering and analyzing data to define, measure, and report on key success metrics for GPS operations and programs across all global locations.
* Cultivated strategic partnerships with external and internal stakeholders (Vendors, Business Leads, Finance, Sourcing, Legal) to meticulously gather business requirements and define robust program objectives that align with executive expectations.
* Exercised rigorous governance over key contracts, consistently overseeing and reporting on service delivery outcomes through comprehensive KPIs, executive scorecards, and detailed operational reporting across all service lines, including space management, project teams, and technology operations.
* Act as a steward of Waymo’s culture, leveraging the workplace as a strategic tool to drive employee retention, talent acquisition, Employee Resource programs and cross-functional agility.

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in related field such as Facilities Management, Business Management, or Engineering
* 10+ Years of Account Management or Outsourcing Management experience
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to present in a formal setting, and ability to adapt communication to articulate program goals to a wide audience in a simple, straightforward way
* Understand technological advances, change management, organizational leadership and compliance requirements, and each supports/drives workplace strategies

**We prefer:**

* Certification or Industry Designation in Project, Engineering or Facilities Services
* Experience in mixed use environments - office, industrial, labs or manufacturing
* Demonstrable PM skills; able to advance projects with undefined scope, influence and align stakeholders

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 15%
