---
title: SAP Finance IT Business Analyst
status: active
id: '7435909'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7435909
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-02T13:06:57-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- IT (6D3)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Business Systems team defines and builds the business IT architecture that supports the commercial operation of Waymo's autonomous fleet. The team stands at the intersection of finance, operations and IT; through creative architecture, expertise and attention to detail, it ensures that Waymo has world-class capabilities across all its business processes.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Manager of Finance,Indirect Procurement & HR Systems.*

**You will:**

* **System Ownership & Strategy:** Act as a subject matter expert in SAP FICO modules, BRIM, RAR, Group Reporting, and Planning/Consolidation modules, driving the strategic road map and continuous improvement of these systems.
* **Requirements Gathering & Analysis:** Collaborate with Finance, Accounting, and other cross-functional business stakeholders to elicit, analyze, validate, and document detailed business requirements (user stories, process flows, functional specifications).
* **Solution Design & Configuration:** Design, configure, test, and implement robust SAP solutions, ensuring alignment with best practices, regulatory compliance (e.g., IFRS 15/ASC 606), and internal controls.
* **Project Leadership:** Lead and manage end-to-end implementation and enhancement projects, including planning, resource allocation, risk mitigation, and coordination with development, QA, and external partners.
* **Data Integrity & Reporting:** Ensure the integrity of financial data across systems, and work with business intelligence teams to develop accurate and actionable financial reports.
* **Support & Training:** Provide tier 3 operational support, troubleshoot complex system issues, and develop comprehensive training materials for end-users

**You have:**

* Education: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Information Technology, or a related field.
* Experience:Minimum of 10+  years of experience working as a Business Analyst or Consultant with a primary focus on SAP FICO.
* Proven experience in at least two full life cycle SAP implementation projects.
* Deep Functional Expertise in SAP FICO: Extensive knowledge of General Ledger (GL), Accounts Payable (AP), Accounts Receivable (AR), Asset Accounting (AA), and Cost Center/Profit Center Accounting (CCA/PCA), Profitability Analysis and Product Costing.
* SAP BRIM/Subscription Billing: Strong understanding of recurring revenue models, contract management, usage metering, charging, invoicing, and contract accounting (FI-CA).
* SAP RAR: Hands-on experience implementing and maintaining the Revenue Accounting and Reporting module, specifically around IFRS 15/ASC 606 compliance.
* SAP Group Reporting (S/4HANA) / EC-CS: Experience with legal and management consolidation processes.
* SAP Planning & Consolidation (BPC) / SAC Planning: Proficiency in financial budgeting, forecasting, and planning processes and tools.
* Technical & Analytical Skills: Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills. Ability to read and understand ABAP code is a strong plus.

**We prefer:**

* Prioritize candidates who possess not only the required functional depth but also the strategic and leadership qualities needed to drive successful transformation.
* Hands-on experience with an integrated solution .Shows the ability to manage the end-to-end process flow from record-to-report, contract-to-cash, source to pay which is crucial for business processes.
* Demonstrates familiarity with the latest SAP architecture and strategic direction, minimizing the learning curve.
* Prior experience in a high-volume, complex revenue environment, such as Telco, High-Tech, or Media businesses.
* A history of re-engineering complex, disparate financial processes and mapping them efficiently into standard SAP functionality (minimizing customization).
* Demonstrated ability to influence stakeholders at senior management levels and effectively manage conflicting requirements across finance and IT teams.
* Relevant SAP certifications (e.g., in FICO or S/4HANA Finance) and/or an advanced degree (e.g., MBA, Master's in Accounting).

((Remote jobs only - Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.))

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$248,000 USD
