---
title: 'Fleet and Supply Market Operations Manager '
status: active
id: '7435672'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7435672
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-21T11:14:43-05:00'
location: 'Los Angeles, CA, USA '
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- Los Angeles (US-LAX-GRAN2037)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the LA Market Site Lead.

**You will:**

* Provide Strategic Leadership (Vendor Management): Leverage strategic and decisive leadership to manage and optimize daily operations, fostering a high-performance culture emphasizing collaboration and accountability, while overseeing depot operations (vendor performance) to ensure strict adherence to all safety, compliance, and regulatory protocols.
* Improve Commercialization: Act as the primary liaison to support internal stakeholders in expanding the market by providing guidance and expertise, communicating with all stakeholders to ensure alignment, monitoring progress, identifying potential issues, and developing contingency plans to ensure the success and sustainability of the market's scale.
* Manage Supply & Demand Planning: Manage Supply & Demand Planning by ensuring that staffing levels align with operational needs and in-service supply.
* Continuously Improve Performance: Must be continuously monitoring and improving processes, systems, and performance metrics to drive efficiency and productivity while reducing costs.
* Lead Market Expansion: Strategically expand the market by executing innovative initiatives, leveraging data insights, and applying critical thinking to identify opportunities and resolve challenges effectively.
* Build Collaborative Partnerships: Build and maintain strong partnerships across the company and with vendors, ensuring alignment with organizational standards, goals, and a shared commitment to success.

**You have:**

* 10+ years of experience in operations management, preferably managing daily operations in a fast-paced environment in fleet management, transportation, or logistics, with a deep understanding of safety.
* Excellent leadership skills, including the ability to motivate & lead teams, develop and execute strategies, and drive performance improvement.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills to identify and address performance issues proactively, preferably using data analytics tools and reporting software to track key metrics and performance trends.
* Bachelor's degree, or in lieu of a degree, an additional 6+ years of work experience in a combination of program management, business operations, strategy consulting, planning, or equivalent fields.
* Strong communication and presentation skills showcasing an ability to influence people to contribute to continuous improvement of operations.
* Ability to deal with multiple conflicting priorities and stakeholder issues while driving towards pragmatic decisions/action.

**We prefer:**

* Experience in Ride-Hail & Transportation: Direct experience in the ride-hailing or broader transportation industry is a significant plus.
* Data-Driven Decision Making: Proficiency in leveraging data analytics and reporting tools to monitor market health and inform strategic decisions is essential. Experience with SQL and data mining is highly preferred.
* Operational Management Experience: A background in general operations management, vendor management in addition to the minimum requirements, would be beneficial.
* Continuous Improvement Mindset: A demonstrated history of identifying and implementing process improvements to increase efficiency and reduce costs.
* Strategic & Decisive Leadership: The ability to provide clear, strategic leadership and make quick decisions in a fast-paced environment.

**Travel requirements:**

* Candidates must be able to travel within the greater Los Angeles Metropolitan Area when necessary, with an expectation of 1-2 trips per month to markets outside of the area.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$169,000—$177,000 USD
