---
title: 'Onboard Scope Readiness: New Platforms'
status: active
id: '7435589'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7435589
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T11:42:27-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Product Operations Manager*

**You will:**

* Structure launch milestones and dependencies, assign roles and responsibilities, and establish communication channels
* Coordinate with internal stakeholders to meet critical timelines and exceed Waymo new market launch standards to achieve operational success
* Deep dive existing standards and processes to identify defects or improvement opportunities
* Proactively identify, reduce and communicate business-critical risks and dependencies to leadership and relevant stakeholders
* Build and maintain strong partnerships across the company, ensuring alignment with organizational and safety standards, goals, and a shared commitment to success.
* Optimize AV software deployment process and framework for maximum efficacy of new and simultaneous launches

**You have:**

* 7+ years of experience in project management, operations management or program management at a  high-growth tech company .
* Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while ensuring timely delivery and quality outcomes
* Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
* Experience with operational support for product and software launches

**We prefer:**

* The ability to provide clear, strategic leadership and make quick decisions in a fast-paced environment.
* Familiarity with quality control processes and documentation is a plus
* Experience in risk and change management.

**Travel Requirement:**

* 10%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
