---
title: 'Analysis Infra SWE '
status: active
id: '7438172'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7438172
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T16:18:01-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Develop and maintain a data processing platform used by onboard and offboard teams to extract signals from petabytes of driving logs and simulation traces.
* Design and build low-latency streaming data processing platform, enabling real-time identification of critical driving events.
* Improve the reliability, scalability, and efficiency of our signal generation infrastructure, establishing SLOs and reducing operational toil for massive-scale data processing jobs.
* Collaborate with cross-functional partners in Perception, Planner, and Data Science to migrate legacy pipelines to modern infrastructure and support new analytical use cases.

**You have:**

* BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent
* 5+ years of professional experience in backend engineering, databases, and production monitoring (3+ years for L4, and relevant internship for L3)
* Experience in leading projects and driving collaborating with cross-functional teams (for L4 and L3, this is not required and can be moved to preferred below)
* Experience with general-purpose programming languages, especially C++.
* Excellent collaboration and communication skills

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with distributed processing frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Flume, and Spark) with stream processing frameworks (e.g., Flink, Flume Streaming, Kafka).
* Proven track record of driving collaboration effectively across organizational boundaries, building multi-dimensional stakeholder relationships, and importing and exporting ideas to achieve broad organizational goals
* Familiarity with infrastructure-as-code and reliability engineering practices (SLOs, error budgets)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
