---
title: Senior Industrial Designer
status: active
id: '7442054'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7442054
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T18:20:33-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Industrial Design (78N)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Passionate about aesthetics and product innovation, Waymo’s Industrial Design Team is responsible for envisioning the future of mobility and autonomous driving technology. The Design Team develops and applies cohesive design language to the Waymo Driver, delivering an exceptional customer experience with best-in-class product quality.   
  
The Industrial Design Team creates smart and elegant solutions that pave the future of mobility while prioritizing our riders’ needs & safety. We are involved in every step of the engineering and product development process to optimize Waymo’s technology and delight the rider’s journey. The team is a unique fusion of creatives and innovators with the opportunity to pioneer a new industry.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to Head of Industrial Design.*

**You will:**

* Lead the full industrial design process from initial concept and research through to production, defining scope, strategy, and execution plans driving innovative hardware solutions. Work with external partners to negotiate and co-develop designs
* Partner closely with Product Management, Engineering (Mechanical, Electrical), UX Research, and Operations teams to translate complex user needs and technical requirements into tangible, user-centric hardware and experiences
* Develop and communicate production-intent design concepts through a high-fidelity process, including 2D sketching, 3D CAD modeling, and creating both digital and physical prototypes
* Collaborate with internal teams and external vendors to oversee the transition from design to manufacturing, ensuring design intent, quality, and CMF (Color, Materials, Finish) are maintained in the final product
* Help define and champion the physical product and hardware strategy, ensuring it aligns with the overall Waymo brand and user experience goals

**You have:**

* 5+ years of professional industrial design experience, specifically within automotive (OEM or Supplier) environments
* A proven history of shipping complex products from concept to mass production, demonstrating deep knowledge of manufacturing processes, materials, and CMF
* Exceptional 2D and 3D design skills, with mastery of sketching, digital rendering, 3D CAD (e.g. Alias, SolidWorks, Rhino), and rapid prototyping techniques
* Strong visual and verbal communication skills, with experience presenting compelling design narratives and collaborating with cross-functional teams to align on strategy
* A strong portfolio of work demonstrating exceptional design-thinking, problem-solving, and a meticulous attention to detail and craft. The portfolio should showcase broad exploration and understanding of vehicle designs
* A degree in Industrial Design, Transportation or a related field, or equivalent practical experience

**We prefer:**

* Experience designing for complex hardware systems, robotics, or products with a high degree of technical integration
* Experience helping to create or work within a physical design language that scales across a hardware portfolio

**Travel Requirements:**

* 1-2 times per quarter

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$248,000 USD
