---
title: Software Engineer, Planner Reasoning Platform
status: active
id: '7460969'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7460969
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2025-12-11T20:13:20-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Planner (7LU)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Reasoning Foundations Team builds horizontal technology that has an extremely broad impact across the Waymo organization. Within Reasoning Foundations, our Reasoning Platform team builds and maintains the interfaces, infrastructure, and shared technology used by Planner Reasoning to solve behavioral problems onboard in Planner. In this role, you'll have a direct impact on accelerating improvements to the Waymo Driver’s performance as Waymo expands to more cities by enabling 100+ engineers to develop onboard software and to evolve Waymo’s architecture. You will also have the opportunity to impact development workflows across all of Waymo by establishing clear interfaces and development processes for developing on and debugging the Waymo driver.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Technical Lead Manager.  
  
**You will:**

* Help own the onboard infrastructure used by a 100-person organization to improve the Waymo Driver
* Enable high efficiency workflows across the full spectrum of Waymo’s development cycle, starting from problem identification, iteration on tooling and infrastructure improvements, to regression monitoring
* Evolve the onboard architecture of the Waymo driver, developing high-quality interfaces that enable the codebase to scale

**You have:**

* BS in Computer Science, Robotics, or similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience
* 3+ years of Software Engineering experience; proficiency in C++
* Passion and expertise for engineering high-performance, reliable systems, including interface design, infrastructure, and big-picture solutions engineering
* Robotics and computational geometry expertise to take ownership of foundational reasoning data structures

**We prefer:**

* Experience in solving real-world robotics problems (driving, or similar domains)
* Experience designing and implementing performant, highly reliable systems
* Experience solving ambiguous problems at the intersection of tech and product
* Experience working with operating systems concepts including memory management,  concurrency, scheduling, etc.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
