---
title: 'Electrical Engineer, Design Validation '
status: active
id: '7490278'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7490278
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-02T20:53:11-05:00'
location: Taipei, Taiwan
departments:
- Signal (83K)
offices:
- Taipei (TW-TPE-101)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction

This role follows an onsite work schedule and you will report to a Hardware Engineering Manager

**You will:**

* Develop and execute comprehensive board-level and module-level validation test plans for Waymo hardware, by working closely with EE and software teams
* Execute electrical validation test for silicon, board and system, covering high-speed / low-speed interfaces, voltage regulators, power delivery network (PDN), cover thermal and voltage corners.
* Drive and execute validation to meet key deadlines and priority goals
* Clearly document validation results. Keep track of bugs encountered and fixed. Clearly communicate test plans and results
* Support hardware bring-up, debug, and troubleshooting
* Enhance validation efficiency and scalability through the development of scripts and automation tools

**You have:**

* B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering, 5+ years of hands on experience in hardware electrical validation
* Excellent communication and project management skills to work with cross functional teams and external suppliers
* Experience executing electrical validation on the bench, including the use of: oscilloscopes, DMM, e-load, power supplies, power analyzers, spectrum analyzers, signal generators, and thermal chambers
* Practical knowledge of signal and power integrity; able to identify SI/PI risks through validation
* Understanding of board schematics and board layout, finding proper probe locations and identify potential points of failure in the DUT
* Familiarity with Cadence PCB tool (Allegro) or Altium PCB tool (ability to read schematic and layout)

**We prefer:**

* Experience validating voltage regulators, including multi-phase VRs, Power Delivery Network (PDN) and understanding associated validation methodologies
* Be able to perform signal-integrity (SI), power-integrity(PI) validations with VNA, TDR, Scope, BERT, probing station.
* Familiarity with relevant high-speed and low-speed communication protocols (e.g., PCIe, ethernet, I2C, SPI). Demonstrated experience validating and debugging high-speed interfaces (e.g., PCIe, DDR, MIPI, Ethernet) and low-speed interfaces (e.g., I2C, SPI, GPIO).
* Excellent communication and project management skills to work with cross functional teams and external suppliers
* Extensive electrical debug experience
* Experience working in a Linux environment. Familiar with scripting and automation

**Travel requirements**:

* 10%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$2,400,000—$2,900,000 TWD
