---
title: Software Engineer, Multiverse
status: active
id: '7531397'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7531397
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T14:53:59-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- United States
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Multiverse team at Waymo is responsible for the end-to-end evaluation of our autonomous driving software. We don't just look at what happened; we look at what *could* have happened. Using a mix of real-world testing and counterfactual simulation, we stress-test the Waymo Driver’s safety and reliability before it ever hits the road. Join us in the Driver Understanding and Evaluation (DUE) group to develop the rich metrics that define the future of autonomous mobility.

**You will:**

* Build the infrastructure to administer a “virtual driver’s test” for the Waymo Driver. Design, implement, and operate scalable simulation data pipelines and/or real world monitoring in order to evaluate the driving capability of the Waymo Driver, and at low latency in the real world.
* Improve the signal quality provided by the “virtual driver’s test” and measured in the real world. Measure and improve the quality of individual simulations as well as that of the overarching simulation workflows. Seek to answer whether the results of the “virtual driver’s test” are predictive of the Waymo Driver’s real-world driving behavior.
* Apply ML models from partner teams, and optionally contribute to them yourself, to improve the efficiency of our “virtual driver’s test”: simulate the most interesting situations and report the most interesting simulation results.
* Apply software engineering best practices in order to improve code health and developer experience in the “virtual driver’s test” and the real world monitoring development ecosystems.
* Partner with cross-functional teams including Data Science and Systems Engineering who will help with number crunching and expert understanding of the Waymo Driver internals.

**You have:**

* 3+ years of full-time software engineering experience, or a quantitative PhD with software engineering experience
  + C++ proficiency
  + Python familiarity
  + SQL familiarity
* Strong verbal and written communication skills
* Excited about autonomous driving, Sim+Eval, eager to learn

**We prefer:**

* Industry or doctoral experience in a quantitative- or quality- focused engineering role in which you were performing tasks like developing hypotheses, designing and running experiments, processing data from experiments, synthesizing conclusions, and ensuring the long term stability and health of the production system.
* B.Sc. in Computer Science
* Experience working with large FAANG scale distributed systems.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
