---
title: Software Engineer, Test Automation Infrastructure
status: active
id: '7532414'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7532414
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-14T12:58:27-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, US; Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- Systems (78I)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Systems Engineering team works together to blend software and hardware systems in groundbreaking new ways. We set the high performance standards that ensure our vehicles run smoothly and keep passengers safe, then design and perform the tests that validate that performance. We're looking for talented teammates who’ll help us maintain strong teamwork and are passionate about driving results.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Technical Lead Manager.

**You will:**

* Develop software systems that accelerate onboard release qualification and improve developer velocity
* Work across front end and back end technologies, perform  SRE duties, and dig into test platform details
* Support internal and external customers in test engineering and embedded software development
* Think big, and take on ambitious projects that require systems thinking and experimentation

**You have:**

* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience
* +3 years of experience in C++
* Ability and ambition to learn new skills as they are needed

**We prefer:**

* +3 years of experience with Python
* +3 years of experience with front-end experience including JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML, CSS or equivalent
* Experience with release management practices and tools
* Experience with site reliability engineering and production monitoring
* Experience with test development, test automation, and test engineering

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$170,000—$216,000 USD
