---
title: OEM Platform Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '7561934'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7561934
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-26T20:11:01-05:00'
location: 'Mountain View, CA, USA '
departments:
- HW Systems (7SH)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Manager of Systems Architecture Integration & Diagnostics.

**You will:**

* Lead investigation and troubleshooting of software and electrical integration issues between Waymo and OEM systems
* Collaborate with system owners and subject matter experts both within Waymo and at OEMs to scope integration derisking, troubleshoot integration issues, and coordinate change deployment
* Contribute to evolving Waymo’s platform integration strategy, processes, and tools
* Provide expert onsite hands-on support at manufacturing, field service, and test facilities for early program activities

**You have:**

* A Bachelors or Masters in EE/ME/CE/CSE or related field
* 5+ years of experience with prototype software and electrical automotive systems
* Hands-on troubleshooting experience with software and electrical automotive systems and tools
* Wide breadth of knowledge in the EE/CS/Mech realm, and can spin up on a new topic very quickly

**We prefer:**

* Demonstrated experience taking new automotive platforms from prototype through series production
* Working knowledge of an object-oriented scripting-oriented programming language (ex: Python)
* Familiar with modern passenger vehicle control systems
* Ability to interact with both technical and nontechnical teams to solve technical problems

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$158,000—$200,000 USD
