---
title: 'Sr. Software Engineer, Core Platforms '
status: active
id: '7571504'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7571504
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T12:44:28-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Core Platform team is responsible for software and infrastructure on several components of the Waymo self-driving system.  The team’s scope covers everything from low-level system software to high-bandwidth data logging, IPC (low-latency and high-throughput), performance analysis, full-system debugging, system telemetry, and reliability. We work closely with the Hardware, Compute, Sensor, Perception, Behavior and Machine Learning teams to build the most performant and low-latency self-driving solution in the industry.

This positions reports to the Tech Lead Manager.

**You will:**

* Work on a small team of Software Engineers to develop system software components from early prototyping to production launch of autonomous vehicles
* Improve the efficiency, reliability, and trustworthiness of onboard software infrastructure
* Collaborate with a variety of engineering teams to take on complex problems

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in Computer Science, or relevant technical field or equivalent practical experience
* Proficiency in C++
* 5+ years of relevant work experience
* Familiarity with operating systems concepts on Linux: networking, filesystems, performance troubleshooting, device I/O, and concurrency
* Experience developing applications for Linux-based embedded devices

**We prefer:**

* Knowledge of GPUs, ML accelerators, power management, high-performance networking or performance optimization
* Familiarity with robotics concepts: inter-process messaging, logging, reproducibility, diagnostics, and fail-safe designs
* Experience driving change in existing, complex systems and codebases
* Proficiency in Python

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
