---
title: Systems Engineer, Power Systems (Low Voltage)
status: active
id: '7572411'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7572411
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-01-28T16:17:51-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- HW Systems (7SH)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.*

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to an Electrical (Systems Engineering) Manager.*

**You will:**

* Work on vehicle platform Low Voltage systems (working internally with Waymo Product team and externally with OEM base vehicle partner) - writing requirements for our OEM partners to set up Low voltage systems and interfaces. Work with the OEMs and Functional Systems Engineers (e.g. Networks, Infotainment systems, Thermal, Security, Motion Controls, Body Controls) to define the Low voltage systems including communications network and architecture design together with functional safety requirements.
* Write detailed requirements for Waymo embedded software, hardware adjacencies to implement Low Voltage systems and functions; including all interfaces to the vehicle platform and Self Driving System
* Focus on the power electronics systems engineering for our vehicle platforms. This encompasses all the requirement setting with our OEM partners and internal teams, power system architecture development with the OEM, and verification and validation against program milestones.
* Develop safety relevant work products like safety concepts, Fault Tree Analysis (FTA), Failure Modes Effects and Diagnostic Analysis (FMEDA)
* Help create Verification and Validation (V&V) plans, analyze test results for Low Voltage systems and platform communications across various platforms and prototype phases. Plan and execute tests, analyze test data, analyze field issues, and understand and resolve defects leveraging the operations team where possible
* Work with embedded software teams during implementation to ensure requirements will be met. Write design documents for new architecture / implementation, review with software teams and incorporate updates as needed.
* Manage delivery timing of feature sets and updates to vehicle prototype fleet software and troubleshooting issues to achieve the required capability set for each vehicle

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Communications Engineering, Automotive Engineering, Physics or similar
* Deep knowledge of electrical power systems, and experience with design for fault tolerance in safety critical systems
* Ability to create and negotiate targets & requirements with OEMs plus create and execute effective DVPs
* An appreciation of Low Voltage systems in safety critical systems and the importance of fail-safe vs. fail tolerant, required timing etc.
* A good understanding of Functional Safety requirements for safety critical systems as laid out in ISO26262
* Software code comprehension skills

**We prefer:**

* At least 3 years experience in an automotive (or similar industry) electrical Low voltage systems and software role delivering hardware and/or software
* Somebody who understands the automotive development process and phases (e.g. M1, VB, TT etc.)
* Working knowledge of vehicle communication network systems (CAN, FlexRay, LIN, Ethernet, etc.)
* Experience in fail-safe and fail-tolerant system design. Able to work with functional safety concepts on developing ASIL D LV systems, conduct FTA, perform FMEDA for hardware designs, undertake system Level FMEA.
* Experience with LV system design with components like DCDC, Batteries, Charge Control, Load shedding
* Able to setup LV system simulations to demonstrate system performance during fault injection testing
* Experience mapping out design and requirements for complex systems with attention to detail, to ensure gaps and flow-downs are fully covered
* A strong root-cause analysis mindset to problem solving
* Worked with SQL for large data sets

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$248,000 USD
