---
title: 'Staff Technical Program Manager, Simulation Infrastructure Resource Management '
status: active
id: '7600766'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7600766
lastmod: '2026-05-29T18:21:13-04:00'
date: '2026-02-10T22:44:18-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;
  Kirkland, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Kirkland (US-KIR-6THD)
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Technical Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.  
  
The Staff TPM for Simulation Infra Resource Management at Waymo is focused on the critical challenge of maximizing the impact and effective utilization of simulation compute resources across the company. This role involves deep partnership with engineering and product management. This TPM will be a decisive leader, constantly balancing complex trade-offs and communicating these decisions clearly to a wide array of stakeholders, including senior leaders and the C-team.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and will report to a Manager of Technical Program Management.*

**You will:**

* Partner with engineering and product management stakeholders to own and drive the effective utilization of simulation compute resources
* Develop program structures and execution strategies
* Maintain a strong orientation toward decision-making while balancing and communicating trade-offs to stakeholders
* Demonstrate the ability to influence without direct authority to ensure downward, outward, and upward alignment and communication for your program

**You have:**

* Extensive experience in large-scale program management, including managing multiple projects, diverse stakeholders, and complex team structures
* 7+ years of experience in infrastructure, software, or resource and capacity management
* A background in computer science or a commensurate technical capability in a STEM field
* A strong record of delivering high-impact strategic communications

**We prefer:**

* Experience as a professional software developer in a large-scale corporate environment
* A PhD or an advanced technology degree
* Prior experience managing resource allocation and capacity at scale
* Experience with business, finance, and accounting principles
* Experience collaborating with global, distributed teams across multiple geographic locations
* Experience in Machine Learning

In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based employees. Benefits for this role include:

* Health, dental, vision, life, disability insurance
* Retirement Benefits: 401(k) with company match
* Paid Time Off: 20 days of vacation per year, accruing at a rate of 6.15 hours per pay period for the first five years of employment
* Sick Time: 40 hours/year (statutory, where applicable); 5 days/event (discretionary)
* Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks
* Baby Bonding Leave: 18 weeks
* Holidays: 13 paid days per year

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$292,000 USD
