---
title: EHS Manager, Americas Subregional
status: active
id: '7658411'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7658411
lastmod: '2026-07-01T16:03:16-04:00'
date: '2026-02-27T15:58:34-05:00'
location: Washington, DC, USA; New York, New York, USA
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- Washington DC (US-WAS-CAP)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*The Waymo Safety team works to promote and help to continuously improve the safety of Waymo’s fully autonomous driving technology. Our experts develop safety goals and strategies, and conduct safety engineering analyses to ensure safety is being considered throughout the design and development of our vehicles. The team develops and promotes safety strategies and policies for autonomous vehicles for its work with regulatory authorities, lawmakers, law enforcement and public and non-profit organizations. Our Safety Team also helps advise on compliance with applicable environmental, health, and safety regulations.*

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Environment, Health and Safety Manager.*

**You will:**

* Implement and maintain comprehensive EHS programs for Waymo’s Americas sub-regional operations, ensuring alignment with Waymo’s Global EHS Standards, Regional EHS Programs, and local regulatory requirements.
* Provide tactical EHS leadership for new market entries and site activations, including site design reviews and operational readiness support.
* Manage the EHS performance of a  workforce consisting of both employees, third-party vendors, and partners by ensuring strict adherence to Statements of Work (SOWs) and safety requirements.
* Execute EHS hazard assessments, including as Job Hazard Analyses (JHAs) and PPE Assessments, identifying opportunities to improve controls and mitigate hazards.
* Execute EHS incident investigations and root cause analyses, driving corrective actions to prevent recurrence and fostering a culture of continual improvement.
* Ensure full compliance with federal, state, and local EHS regulations (e.g., OSHA, EPA, DOT) by maintaining compliance calendars and managing regulatory reporting obligations.

**You have:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Occupational Health & Safety, Environmental Science, Engineering, or a related field.
* A minimum of 5 years of progressive experience in an EHS role, with specific experience managing EHS programs across multiple sites or a geographic region.
* In-depth knowledge of US federal and state EHS regulations (e.g., OSHA, EPA, Cal/OSHA) related to general industry.
* Demonstrated experience managing EHS within operational environments such as transportation or manufacturing facilities.
* Proven track record of effectively managing EHS performance of employees, third-party vendors, and contractors utilizing a mix of both internal and external resources.
* Experience supporting EHS compliance audits, risk assessments, incident investigations, and hazard assessments with the ability to translate findings into actionable business solutions.

**We prefer:**

* Experience in the autonomous vehicle, automotive, or high-tech hardware industry.
* Specific expertise in the safety and environmental aspects of high-voltage systems and electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure.
* Familiarity with ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 management systems.
* Experience supporting construction safety and new site build-outs, particularly in a high-growth or startup environment.
* Proficiency with EHS software platforms for data management and reporting.
* Professional certification such as ASP (Associate Safety Professional), CSP (Certified Safety Professional), or CIH (Certified Industrial Hygienist).

**Travel Requirements:**

* This role is expected to travel approximately 50%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$152,000—$187,000 USD
