---
title: 'Technical Program Manager, Hardware Programs '
status: active
id: '7671186'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7671186
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T13:33:04-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- Other SDS Systems (77O)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Director, PCO Programs.

**You will:**

* Work within HW Engineering, responsible for program management of Waymo’s future generations of Self Driving Systems (SDS)
* Manage a full system architecture lifecycle of a new generation of hardware - from concept/architecture to production launch while developing roadmaps for future generations of SDS programs
* Collaborate deeply with cross-functional teams within HW Engineering (Vehicle, Component and Module Design, Validation, Systems, Manufacturing) and partner teams (Software, Operations, Product) to plan and execute critical SDS programs
* Develop and manage integrated program schedules, balancing technical requirements, design, validation, budget, and market deployment needs to ensure on-time delivery
* Drive execution of these SDS programs. Identify, manage and overcome challenges through the product development process from start-to-finish including leading problem solving with relevant technical teams
* Rapidly build and maintain deep technical knowledge of autonomous driving components and their system-level interactions to inform program priorities, guide technical discussions, and drive progress with engineering teams

**You have:**

* A BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science or a similar discipline
* 5+ years practical hardware engineering experience (electrical and mechanical) in product development and  
  5+ years in program management
* Comprehensive understanding of systems integration, new platform  launch process and critical path management
* Demonstrated strong analytical, oral and written communication skills
* The ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally and within a matrix organization
* Strong technical abilities - able to work closely/credibly with highly technical teams

**We prefer:**

* 8+ years in the product development process, understanding and execution from  prototype to production (Design, Build, Validate, Production)
* Experience in system or vehicle integration preferred
* Experience in robotics or autonomous driving vehicles

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$248,000 USD
