---
title: Senior Product Manager, AI Data Mining
status: active
id: '7676116'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7676116
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T19:18:05-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to Rob Speare, Group Product Manager.

**You will:**

* **Work with a world class team** of engineers, data scientists, and machine learning practitioners to shape the platform we use to simulate and evaluate Large models that power the Waymo Driver
* **Push the boundaries of the Waymo Driver** through next generation Simulation & Evaluation products, rewarding and validating our most important production models
* **Understand and champion Model Developers** by deeply embedding with engineers
* **Own the product:** Forge deep partnerships with Research, Simulation, Data Science, and Systems Engineering to streamline the path to launch

**You have:**

* **Technical Depth:** 5+ years of experience in analytical and AI-centric products. You are comfortable discussing Foundation models, distributed systems, and data infrastructure
* **Product Vision at Scale:** A proven track record of decomposing "moonshot" visions into concrete, phased roadmaps
* **Influential Leadership:** Experience managing complex stakeholder environments, from ML researchers to safety boards and executive leadership

**We prefer:**

* **Foundation Model Implementation:** Experience distilling large teacher models into students
* **Quantitative & Analytical Rigor:** Ability to partner with Researchers and Data Scientists to define complex success metrics, including "Evaluating the Evaluator" (e.g., Distributional metrics, Precision/Recall, Bias/Variance)
* **AV or Robotics Domain Knowledge:** Familiarity with the unique challenges of autonomous vehicle evaluation, including simulation realism, log-based testing, and safety gating processes

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$241,000—$306,000 USD
