---
title: People Business Partner - Operations
status: active
id: '7679520'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7679520
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-04T19:13:53-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- HR (67F)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The People Team at Waymo is evolving to match the ambition of our technology. As a Senior People Business Partner, you will sit at the intersection of business strategy and people strategy. You will serve as a strategic architect for a dedicated portfolio of senior leadership, moving beyond day-to-day operations to focus on the 12-24 month horizon.  
  
In this role, you will report to a People Business Partner Director. You will act as a proactive thought partner and confidant to senior leaders. You will diagnose organizational health, design future-state operating models, and own the talent strategy that allows Waymo to scale. You will leverage data to mitigate risks before they impact the business and orchestrate across the wider People Team ecosystem to deliver impactful solutions.

**You Will:**

* **Lead strategic architecture:** Diagnose organizational health and lead complex organizational design efforts to support large changes in the business (e.g. new market entries, new teams). You will identify and propose  solutions and collaboration models independent of immediate business requests.
* **Drive talent strategy:** Own succession planning and talent planning for critical roles. Anticipate and develop plans to ensure leader readiness for future positions with regular cadence for review.
* **Act as a proactive thought partner:** Courageously challenge leaders by seeing around corners to anticipate organizational effectiveness gaps and create custom solutions before they impact the business.
* **Shift leadership focus:** Actively drive leadership focus from the day-to-day challenges to building capabilities for the near and longer term horizon (6+ months out).
* **Orchestrate the ecosystem:** Define *what* is needed to solve business problems, then mobilize Centers of Excellence (COEs) and People Experience Partners to deliver the *how*.

**You Have:**

* 10+ years relevant work experience, including HR experience, consulting, business partnership.
* Demonstrated experience with organizational design and talent strategy in high-growth or complex environments.
* Proven experience leading complex organizational changes and designing operating models that align with commercial goals.
* Strong analytical and problem solving skills, ability to analyze data, understand trends, develop recommendations for action based on the analysis.
* Demonstrated ability to use data to tell compelling stories that influence executive decision-making.
* Experience coaching senior executives through critical change management and leadership team dynamics.
* Ability to navigate ambiguity and operate effectively in a fast-paced, matrixed environment.

**Nice to Have:**

* Experience partnering in consultative ways across different organizational functions and/or lines of business, preferably as HR Business Partner or in consulting.
* Experience working in other People team functional areas or business areas (Finance, Legal, Ops, etc) to enable understanding of the cross-functional aspects required of the role.
* Demonstrated ability to work within constraints and limited resources, and to challenge the status quo.
* Experience with organizational transformations within high growth periods.
* Experience in the technology or autonomous vehicle industry.
* MBA or MA/MS in Organizational Psychology, Organizational Development, or related field

**Hybrid Work** This role offers a hybrid work schedule.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$238,000—$302,000 USD
