---
title: Administrative Business Partner
status: active
id: '7682770'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7682770
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-09T19:55:09-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Executive (69W)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Wherever Waymo works, Business Support teams are on the job. We're the partners who plan events, work with external partners, and orchestrate the daily activities of our teams and leaders, the real estate specialists who find and build amazing workspaces and research facilities; the systems experts who develop and run our intuitive IT and business tools. Together, we do everything it takes to keep Waymo rolling.

In this hybrid role, you will report into Executive Team Leadership.

**You will:**

* Independently execute essential administrative functions, including travel, expenses, confidential calendar management, and facilities coordination with limited guidance
* Proactively solve problems, exercising sound judgment and discretion even with limited information
* Collaborate effectively and build trust with executives, cross-functional partners (e.g., HR, Finance, Chief of Staff), and teams across the organization to achieve complex objectives
* Utilize strong communication and interpersonal skills to build rapport, influence collaboration, and engage effectively with diverse internal and external stakeholders
* Lead and deliver medium-to-large scale projects or events from initiation through completion
* Influence collaboration between Waymonauts and build rapport, positively impacting team velocity

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years of experience providing direct executive support, project management, or event planning to senior leaders (VP+) within a fast-paced technology or startup environment
* Experience managing complex scheduling and logistics with external partners, demonstrating responsiveness, flexibility, and sound judgment with confidentiality.
* Exceptional organizational, time management, and prioritization skills with the ability to manage multiple complex tasks in a dynamic setting.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills: Proven ability to build strong relationships, collaborate effectively across diverse teams/functions, and maintain strict confidentiality.
* Strong business acumen, analytical problem-solving skills, and the ability to adapt effectively to different leadership styles and partnership dynamics.

**We prefer:**

* Tech Proficiency: Demonstrated ability to leverage technology for increased efficiency and quickly adopt new tools.
* Project Leadership & Operational Problem Solving: Proven ability to lead projects, manage processes, and independently resolve operational issues through strategic thinking and data analysis.

**Travel Requirement:** Occasional travel, while rare, might be needed to support a combination of partnership and internal onsite support at other locations (domestic and international).

The expected hourly range for this position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Hourly Range

$51.45—$64.91 USD
