---
title: Senior Signal Integrity Engineer
status: active
id: '7683884'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7683884
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T19:14:33-05:00'
location: Mountain View, CA
departments:
- Signal (83K)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

**You will:**

* Lead all stages of project planning and development by owning SI/PI for products and sub-systems.
* Establish comprehensive SI/PI guidelines and stack-up specifications through feasibility studies; collaborate with cross-functional teams to resolve SI/PI challenges.
* Audit layout routing and component placement for all interfaces to maximize SI/PI performance.
* Perform SIPI simulation for PCB, connectors, cabling and sign-off designs
* Measure and correlate with simulation models, enhancing model accuracy.
* Research and integrate advanced SI/PI technologies to improve simulation efficiency, consistency, and precision.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Electrical Engineering with 5+ years relevant working experience
* Ability to perform system level SIPI design, modeling and optimization with simulation softwares such as  HFSS, SIwave, PowerSI, ADS, HSPICE
* Familiarity with lab equipment such as oscilloscope, VNA, and TDR
* Demonstrated experience with simulation-to-measurement correlation
* Hands-on capability in lab environments to debug and resolve SI/PI-related issues
* Excellent communication skills with experience to collaborate with internal and external teams

**We prefer:**

* M.S.E.E. with 3 years of relevant industry experience, or a recent Ph.D. with a specialization in SIPI
* Familiarity in one or more of the following areas: SERDES, SoC Power Integrity (PI) with VR modeling, or LPDDRx interfaces
* Experience in root-cause analysis and debugging of real-world SI/PI hardware issues
* Streamlined SI/PI workflows through custom tool automation and scripting [Python/Tcl]
* Familiar with automotive-grade interfaces such as xGBase-T1, CAN/CAN-FD, LVDS, GMSL
* Experience with DoE simulation for high-volume production intended designs

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$242,000 USD
