---
title: Senior Frontend Engineer, Expansion Tooling
status: active
id: '7683230'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7683230
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T11:40:34-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Waymo Expansion Tooling team, part of the TaaS organization within Waymo Commercialization, focuses on building internal tools and platforms to accelerate and streamline Waymo's geographic expansion. Our work is mission-critical to Waymo's company-level goals; it will directly enable Waymo to launch new territories, cities, and airports with more efficiency and reliability.

We are looking for an experienced Senior Fullstack Software Engineer to develop a suite of web tools to empower Product Managers, TPMs, and Operations teams to manage the expansion lifecycle. This includes:

* Simplifying Launches: Creating user-friendly UIs to configure service areas, assign vehicle fleets, manage access for different user groups.
* Automating Validation: Building in checks and validations to ensure all prerequisites for a launch are met, reducing the risk of errors.
* Improving Efficiency: Reducing the reliance on manual code changes for standard expansion tasks.
* End-to-End Vision: Long-term, the team aims to build a comprehensive platform to manage the entire expansion process, from initial planning and service area creation to rolling out to riders.

**You will:**

* As the first frontend engineer on this team, you will play a critical role in shaping the infrastructure and UI foundations of our expansion tooling. Your tasks will center around building web apps that are:

  + Intuitive and User-Friendly: Enabling non-engineering teams to confidently manage complex launch processes.
  + Efficient: Streamlining workflows and reducing the time it takes to launch new service areas.
  + Informative: Clearly presenting the status of various checks, validations, and launch steps.
  + Impactful: Your work will directly contribute to Waymo's growth and ability to bring our autonomous driving technology to more people in more places.

* Work closely with Product Managers, Engineers, and the tool users to understand their needs and translate them into effective and elegant web designs.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of professional experience in software development.
* Expertise in building modern web applications using component-based frameworks (e.g., Angular, React, Vue)
* Strong understanding of web development fundamentals including HTML, CSS, and modern JavaScript/TypeScript
* Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively with diverse engineering teams.

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with Java/Kotlin/C++ for backend development
* Experience working with data visualization and mapping libraries (e.g., Mapbox, Deck.gl, D3.js).
* A strong desire to build tools for enterprise users to streamline and simplify processes
* Passion for autonomous vehicle technology and making complex data accessible.

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$270,000 USD
