---
title: Software Engineer, Machine Learning Tooling
status: active
id: '7698498'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7698498
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T14:30:27-04:00'
location: Taipei, Taiwan; Hsinchu, Taiwan
departments:
- Compute (7LR)
offices:
- Hsinchu (TW-ZBC-TYP)
- Taipei (TW-TPE-101)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Compute Team is tasked with a critical and exciting mission: We deliver the compute platform responsible for running the fully autonomous vehicle’s software stack. To achieve our mission, we architect and create high-performance custom silicon; we develop system-level compute architectures that push the boundaries of performance, power, and latency; and we collaborate closely with many other teammates to ensure we design and optimize hardware and software for maximum performance. We are a multidisciplinary team seeking curious and talented teammates to work on one of the world’s highest performance automotive compute platforms.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule, and you will report to the Tech Lead Manager of the Machine Learning Performance team.*

**You will:**

* Build infrastructure and tooling to monitor and diagnose ML model compatibility and performance issues during other ML software development
* Partner and empower ML engineers  to optimize the performance of their model on through set of tooling and capabilities needed for rapid iteration
* Build and sustain a database of ML model performance and other metrics. Ensure a consistent user experience for internal customers, enabling them to easily query data, debug, bisect, and track releases

**You have:**

* Bachelors in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
* 3 years of experience in software development and with data structures/algorithms
* 1 year of experience in data visualization tools

**We prefer:**

* Experience in relational and non-relational databases, normalization, data governance, data quality
* Experience developing accessible technologies.
* Experience building infrastructure for models, diagnosis failures and tooling

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$2,600,000—$3,150,000 TWD
