---
title: Demand Operations Program Manager (Florida)
status: active
id: '7718640'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7718640
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T14:48:06-04:00'
location: Miami, Florida, United States
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- Remote (US-XX-REMOTE)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

The Demand Operations team keeps the pulse on community sentiment and service quality within the Florida markets. The core function of the Demand Ops Program Manager is to ensure that Waymo maintains a positive presence in the community by minimizing disruptions to events, reporting on market health to internal stakeholders, partnering with Engineering and Product to optimize pickup and dropoff experience at top locations, and build relationships with community members.

**This role is hybrid in Miami, FL with travel to other Florida markets.**

**You will:**

* Proactively identify and mitigate risks associated with large events and minimize service disruptions
* Build reports on overall market health for region and communicate to a variety of stakeholders
* Design and optimize pickup and dropoff experiences at major venues
* Build and maintain strong relationships with key community stakeholders
* Monitor, mitigate and and respond to service quality  issues based on rider and community feedback
* Partner with the marketing team to enable key partnerships with the Florida markets

**You have:**

* 6+ years of experience in a combination of project management, operations management or program management
* Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
* Analytical skills and ability to interpret data to drive continuous improvement in Operations
* Thorough local knowledge of Florida markets (Miami, Orlando, Tampa)
* Experience in risk management and process improvement
* Bachelor's degree

**We prefer:**

* Proficiency in leveraging data to monitor market health
* Coordinating large events or venue management a for mobility company
* Delivering exceptional customer experience

**Travel requirements:**

* Candidates should be willing and able to travel up to 50% to other Florida markets (Miami, Orlando, Tampa).

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
