---
title: Technical Program Manager, Systems Engineering
status: active
id: '7733791'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7733791
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-20T13:59:18-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA,US; Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Technical Program Managers and Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.

*This role follow a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Director, Technical Program Management.*

**You will:**

* Identify gaps and propose changes to existing policy, systems, and process frameworks
* Develop scalable solutions and work to manage risks across the organization and develop best practices that are a benefit across the organization
* Support or lead complex, multidisciplinary projects including managing project schedules, identifying risks, and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders.
* Create presentations with compelling messages effectively tailored to different audience levels, including executives
* Drive recommendations through to implementation and results
* Develop and manage testing and analysis best practices for complex HW/SW systems

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics,Mechanical Engineer, or relevant technical field or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years relevant work experience systems engineering or an adjacent field
* Understanding of  Systems Engineering Processes (i.e. use cases to requirements to architecture to design review to DVP/V&V, etc.)
* Demonstrated experience in managing end to end systems integrated projects or programs and  executing complex strategic and operational initiatives
* Experience implementing projects in a demanding, change-oriented, fast-paced environment requiring a high degree of deadline-driven productivity
* Proven ability to work with team members and cross functional groups to design processes and implement strategic projects that solve business problems.

**We prefer:**

* Extensive experience with autonomous driving or robotics projects
* Prior experience working in combined software and hardware development
* Experience in government, safety industry, transportation/logistics, or equivalent project management experience in a technology or media company

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
