---
title: Corporate Accounting Analyst - Leasing, Fixed Assets & Insurance
status: active
id: '7741197'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7741197
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T12:54:59-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Finance (64L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our Driver may be autonomous, but Waymo's finances are steered by experts like you. The Finance and Accounting group manages all aspects of our finances and serves as trusted advisors for all our strategic and enterprise endeavors. Along with managing compilation of our financial statements, looking after our cash and overseeing compliance, we partner closely with the business in overseeing company wide resource allocation, developing cutting edge compensation initiatives and generating detailed financial analyses to drive the business forward. We also develop advanced capital strategies to support the company's short- and long-term future.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Accounting Manager - Revenue, Technical Accounting, and Taxes.

**You will:**

* Be responsible for designing operational processes based on business needs (Leasing, Fixed Assets and Insurance)
* Identify control gaps / improvements in Leasing, Fixed Assets and Insurance
* Identify and resolve complex technical accounting issues quickly & accurately
* Manage the month-end and quarter-end close, including preparing balance sheet rollforwards, supporting schedules, footnotes, and disclosures
* Perform monthly and quarterly flux analysis and financial analytics, developing detailed reporting packages for leadership
* Identify opportunities to automate workflows for efficiency and accuracy, and effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams (e.g., FP&A, Legal, Real Estate, Insurance, AP) to provide financial support

**You have:**

* Certified Public Accountant (CPA) designation
* Bachelor's degree in Accounting or a related field
* 4+ years of experience with a Big 4 accounting firm
* Ability to work cross‑functionally and handle ambiguity
* Detail‑orientation, strong analytical skills, and the ability to manage multiple deadlines

**We prefer:**

* Strong understanding of US GAAP, particularly in the areas of Leasing, Fixed Assets, and Insurance Accounting
* Strong attention to detail, organizational skills; and ability to multitask in a dynamic environment;
* Proven ability to work in a cross-functional, fast-paced environment, and to lead and drive complex initiatives
* Proven experience in technical accounting research and documentation
* Experience in the tech industry or treasury
* Experience with SAP Cloud

**Travel - 5% (1-2 trips per year)**

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$130,000—$160,000 USD
