---
title: Platform Enablement Operations Manager
status: active
id: '7743717'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7743717
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-24T11:15:53-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- ProdOps (WY1)
offices:
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes inclusivity and celebration. We value diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences; recognize that inclusive actions lead to equitable outcomes; and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

**You will:**

* Bring up and enable deployment of new and upcoming Waymo platforms across program phases from prototype requirement state to deployment
* Work with engineering and cross functional stakeholders on fast feedback, issue discovery and resolution
* Manage and drive operations for new sensor suite and base vehicle to ensure maturity and large scale deployment readiness
* Work with automotive partners and partner test drivers on operational observations, feedback, and training

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in related technical subject (e.g. engineering, manufacturing, or automotive); or equivalent practical experience in a technical field or role
* 4-6 years of experience in a automotive based (or another transportation related industry such as aviation or space) development
* Deep Operations experience in helping bring-up hardware and platforms in critical mission environments
* Demonstrated experience working with large cross functional teams in a program/product based environment and external partners
* Strong written and verbal communication skills for senior stakeholders and cross functional audience

**We prefer:**

* Engineering or technical degree in a related field
* Systems Engineering experience or background - requirement based analysis experience in transportation related industry
* Hands on experience and exposure to full product development life cycle experience - prototype to production
* Early prototype testing experience in relevant industry (automotive, aviation, mobility, hardware)
* Ability to build strong cross-functional relationships; experience working directly with hardware, system engineering, technicians, product, ops leads and end user teams alike

**Travel requirement:**

* Flexibility to travel to OEM/vendor/partner/deployment locations as well as test environments

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
