---
title: 'Senior Staff Program Manager, Expansion '
status: active
id: '7747691'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7747691
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T12:38:19-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US ; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Director of Technical Program Management.*

**You will:**

* Lead international expansion program management, building robust and scalable structures to bring Waymo to more countries
* Evolve the new market framework to account for future growth into new regions
* Drive and own critical path for cross-functional activities for market entry and subsequent launch into future countries, including, but not limited, to vehicle, software, regulatory, compliance, policy, external engagement, and partner readiness
* Orchestrate deliverables across internal and external teams, improving workflows and processes where needed
* Proactively identify and remove business-critical risks and dependencies
* Keep stakeholders informed and aligned; represent programs to senior leadership and escalate when needed to remove blockers

**You have:**

* 10+ years of experience managing highly complex cross-functional programs
* Experience driving international expansion programs with a holistic understanding of market-entry functions (ie. Product, Eng, Legal, External Engagement, etc)
* Strong leadership skills, and clear verbal and written communication, alongside the ability to navigate ambiguity and drive decision-making
* Significant expertise in scaling processes within complex, growing areas

**We prefer:**

* Expertise in external partner engagement and market expansion (eg. scale, commercialization)
* Expertise within SW program management
* Expertise within autonomous vehicles or automotive (esp fleet management) space
* Experience scaling businesses
* Experience launching in national and international markets
* Experience with road safety, design, or transportation planning

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$226,000—$278,000 USD
