---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Sensor Test and Calibration
status: active
id: '7749587'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7749587
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T13:50:58-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- Testing and Calibration (7LQ)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to an Engineering Manager*

**You will:**

* Develop automation software and calibration algorithms for LiDAR, Radar, and Cameras to push the state-of-the-art in autonomous vehicle sensor manufacturing
* Develop Software for test and characterize board level, subassembly level, and vehicle level integration
* Analyze next-gen prototype test results and collaborate with design team to evaluate design readiness
* Develop SW tools for data analysis and production monitoring

**You have:**

* BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or equivalent practical experiences
* 5+ years of experience in Python software development
* 3+ years of experience in Linux environment

**We prefer:**

* Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, physics, or equivalent practical experiences
* Experience in Computer Networking
* Experience in hardware/sensor data analysis
* Experience in embedded software development
* Experience in board level circuit testing and troubleshooting
* International experience, particularly in Asia and ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 5% of the time

**Travel:**

* Ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 5% of the time

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
