---
title: Systems Test Engineer, Pipeline and Test Health
status: active
id: '7773691'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7773691
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-02T22:58:24-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Systems (78I)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Systems Engineering team works together to blend software and hardware systems in groundbreaking new ways. We set the high performance standards that ensure our vehicles run smoothly and keep passengers safe, then design and perform the tests that validate that performance. We're looking for talented teammates who’ll help us maintain strong teamwork and are passionate about driving results.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Ensure release-critical tests execute on time and stay healthy
* Build health check pipelines for our most important tests and ensure infrastructure for testing weather, left hand traffic, and new vehicle platforms is running smoothly at all times
* Debug pipeline failures when they happen, working with counterparts in the Simulation and SRE teams to understand root causes and prevent future issues
* Execute retrospectives and actively work to reduce tech debt
* Work across testing methodologies including collision avoidance, rules of the road, perception, fault protection, and more

**You have:**

* A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics, or other relevant technical field
* 5+ years of experience in Site Reliability Engineering, QA engineering, Software Development in Test, or other equivalent experience
* Excellent debugging and coding skills, with a passion for both “firefighting” and “fire prevention”
* Solid written and verbal communication

**We prefer:**

* Experience with software development for robotics, autonomous vehicles, or similar
* An advanced degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics, or other relevant technical field

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$196,000—$242,000 USD
