---
title: 'Senior Staff TLM, Fleet Orchestration & Optimization '
status: active
id: '7775891'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7775891
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T15:55:11-04:00'
location: 'Warsaw, Poland '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-TFM)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Fleet Orchestration team automates the management of Waymo's self-driving fleets by optimizing vehicle servicing needs and maximizing critical in-service time. You will lead a growing team of 20+ engineers and TLMs to design and implement core business logic and full-stack Android/Web systems for depot management.

**You will:**

* Lead a growing team of 20+ engineers and TLM's to build Waymo’s Fleet Orchestration systems.
* Design and implement core business logic determining vehicle servicing needs, routing to service locations, automated workflow execution.
* Design and implement Android and Web full stack systems for Waymo’s depot management needs.
* Collaborate closely with Product Management, Operations, Data Science, and other stakeholders to solve critical business needs.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 8+ years of experience in software development.
* 5+ years of people management experience.
* Experience as manager-of-managers and shaping an organization.
* Technical leadership experience.

**We prefer:**

* Experience in C++.
* MS in Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience.
* Experience in high growth / startup environments.
* Domain knowledge across the transportation, logistics, and/or autonomous vehicle industries.
* Domain knowledge in robotics, embedded systems.
