---
title: Lead Diagnostic Technician
status: active
id: '7776564'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7776564
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-03T17:30:25-04:00'
location: New York City, New York, USA
departments:
- FDR - Central (F7U)
offices:
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this onsite role, you will report to a Fleet Readiness Sr. Lead*

**You will:**

* Lead as a Technical SME: Act as the primary technical expert for fleet operations, providing in-depth knowledge and troubleshooting support to address complex vehicle issues outside of documented standard operating procedures. Engage with Waymo Engineering teams and work directly with OEM partners to resolve SDS-Ready faults.
* Provide Real-time Support: Offer immediate support to resolve technical challenges in both owned-and-operated and partner-led depots, ensuring minimal downtime and operational continuity. Required to travel to partner-led depots and provide in person support.
* Administer Training & Training development SME: Administer on-the-job training (including train-the-trainer) to operational teams as a certified instructor, enhancing their technical skills and enabling them to address recurring issues effectively.
* Align with Vendors: Collaborate with vendors to address technical concerns, ensuring alignment with Waymo's standards and fostering a culture of accountability and continuous learning.
* Document Technical Knowledge: Develop and maintain technical documentation, troubleshooting guides, and best practices to support operational teams and improve overall fleet health.
* Proactively Identify Risks: Provide expertise to improve preventive maintenance practices, collaborate with engineering teams to assist in identifying and address potential issues before they impact fleet performance. Maintain the latest knowledge on all product releases and their impacts to fleet performance.

**You have:**

* 5+ years experience in technician or mechanical engineering role
* Strong understanding of technical and tooling mechanisms in fleet operations
* Demonstrated ability works hands-on with equipment, machinery, or systems, performing maintenance, troubleshooting, repairs, and installations
* Demonstrated experience in managing multiple projects simultaneously while ensuring timely delivery and quality outcomes
* Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams, external partners and executives
* Experience diagnosing & repairing Electric Vehicles, & ability to diagnose low voltage electrical systems.

**We prefer:**

* Communication & collaborations: Effective communications skills to collaborate across teams & clearly document knowledge for cross-market knowledge-sharing
* Facilitating change: Change management principles, lead training sessions, problem solving & decision making
* Technical Skills: Proficiency in leveraging tools, technology and ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues
* Problem Identification & Resolution: Proactively identifying potential challenges, planning remediation steps & risk mitigation strategies
* Process Improvement: Proactively identify process improvement opportunities & executing strategies to improve processes
* Extensive knowledge of Electric Vehicles, with integrated AV systems.
* Experience diagnosing or repairing High Voltage propulsion systems.

**Travel Requirement:**

* Must be willing and able to travel on short notice to support fleet needs - could be up to 25% of the time.

The expected hourly range for this position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Hourly Range

$60.10—$62.99 USD
