---
title: Global Supply Manager
status: active
id: '7801605'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7801605
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T14:09:03-04:00'
location: Taipei, Taiwan
departments:
- GSM (J4P)
offices:
- Taipei (TW-TPE-101)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*Waymo's Supply Chain and Manufacturing teams are making the technology of the future a reality. We handle all production processes and supplier development strategies: from contracts and purchasing, to designs for improved manufacturing, through quality control and delivery. We collaborate actively with Waymo engineering teams as well as external suppliers and partners to make sure everything is built to spec and delivered on time to meet the rising demands of our business.*

**You will:**

* Develop and lead the overall Sourcing Strategy for your area of ownership, including: Identify, develop, negotiate and manage existing and further development of manufacturing partners, both for short term prototyping and long term serial production.
* Work across a variety of industries including (but not limited to) injection molding, CNC machining, die casting, sheet metal, optics, paints/finishing, and sub-assemblies.
* Schedule, capacity and supply planning to meet development and production demands.
* Evaluate technical and business risks using data based analysis and develop sound risk mitigation alternatives.
* Perform cost modeling, negotiation, and execution of part and sub-assembly cost strategy.
* Collaborate closely with Engineering, Material Planners, Supply Chain manufacturing and quality, and Industrial Design teams.

**You have:**

* 7+ years of experience in a supply chain, mechanical engineering, or similar role.
* A BS in Mechanical Engineering, or a similar discipline. MS or MBA are a plus.
* Experience with multiple commodity types and manufacturing processes such as plastic injection molding for cosmetic and structural applications, die casting, metal stamping and forming, CNC machining, weldments, assemblies, wire harnesses, and cleaning systems and components.
* Comprehensive knowledge of low and high volume manufacturing processes for mechanical components.
* Ability to travel domestically and internationally 30% of the time.

**We prefer:**

* Automotive experience including exterior plastics, wiring harnesses, structures, or cleaning systems.
* Hands on experience with mechanical design work or manufacturing of parts in your area of expertise.
* Experience having taken products through a manufacturing life cycle and delivered finished designs in volume production.
* Clear communication skills, along with excellent presentation and problem solving experience.
* Experience and ability to change between detailed and high level strategy thinking.

**Travel requirements**:

* Yes, estimate 30%.
* Travel includes domestic and international locations such as Taiwan, Thailand, China, Vietnam.
