---
title: Systems Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '7804301'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7804301
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T14:00:10-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- HW Systems (7SH)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to Systems Integration Manager.

**You will:**

* Lead mechanical, electrical, and software integration and bring up of novel self-driving vehicle platform systems.
* Debugging issues with self driving systems and base chassis components. Work will include ME, EE, and SW debugging.
* Advise on requirements and interface definitions between subsystems and components, and gathering of key pieces of data or knowledge through design and execution of tests, experiments, and design workstreams.
* Work with vendor partners for engineering and manufacturing.

**You have:**

* BS or in EE/ME/CE/CSE or related field, or sufficient practical work experience.
* Working directly with deployed systems (HW and SW), ideally in fast-paced or tech environments.
* Has a very wide breadth of knowledge in the EE/CE/CS/Mech realm, and can spin up on a new topic very quickly.
* Very strong hands-on experience assembling, working with, and debugging complex hardware and software systems.
* Can interact with both technical and nontechnical teams to solve technical problems.
* Working knowledge of an object-oriented programming language.

**We prefer:**

* High level understanding of various systems needed to make a self driving vehicle (sensors, compute, wiring, power, vehicle actuators, chassis communication, controls, etc.).
* Familiar with mechanical and electrical components of modern passenger vehicle control systems.
* C/C++ and Python working knowledge.
* DMM, Oscilloscope, hand tool working knowledge.

**Travel requirements** :

* ~10% travel to vendor and Waymo manufacturing and service facilities.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
