---
title: Manufacturing Program Manager
status: active
id: '7816359'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7816359
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T19:13:54-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Reliability (7FZ)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.*

*This is an on-location role and you will report to the Product Quality Manager.*

**You will:**

* Serve as the primary point of contact between Waymo and automotive supplier partners
* Co-ordinate technical discussion and contract negotiations on strategic sourcing efforts,  while providing hardware teams with comprehensive insights into supplier capacities
* Co-ordinate with the internal team and supplier partners team to ensure clear alignment and expectations on technical and commercial deliverables
* Co-ordinate program schedules by tracking milestones and delivering progress reports to essential stakeholders to ensure on-time delivery. Monitor and manage program finances through diligent budget preparation and oversight
* Lead collaborative meetings and proactively resolve obstacles to project completion

**You have:**

* 8+ years of professional experience in automotive program management or a closely related field
* Bachelor's degree in Engineering, or a related field
* Demonstrated expertise in the product development processes, systems, and milestones
* Skilled in defining complex problems, achieving team alignment, and delivering strategic solutions to leadership.
* Exceptional leadership and communication abilities, including the capacity to overcome obstacles and provide necessary pushback
* Proven track record of managing multiple competing priorities and achieving high-quality results in high-pressure environments

**We prefer:**

* Master's degree in Engineering, or a related field
* Exceptional attention to detail and ability to  resolve complex program related  issues, strong negotiation skills
* Demonstrated experience in one or more of the following areas: New Product Introduction, Design Engineering, or Manufacturing Operations in Sourcing or supply chain in quality management
* Strong understanding of electronic assembly processes. & Solid grasp of statistical analysis and production control processes

**Travel requirements** :

* 25% travel needed

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
