---
title: Charging Infrastructure Program Manager
status: active
id: '7818761'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7818761
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-17T12:05:26-04:00'
location: 'London, United Kingdom, UK '
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our vehicles drive themselves, but you will be the driving force behind our charging infrastructure strategy. In this high-impact, strategic role, you will oversee the rapid, high-volume deployment of EV charging infrastructure while providing end-to-end operational oversight for our network. You will establish a scaled, repeatable process for the entire deployment lifecycle—including site selection, design, and construction—while managing ongoing asset maintenance, energy optimization, and lifecycle planning.

*In this hybrid role you will report to the Director of Global Workplace & eMobility*

**You will:**

* End-to-End Infrastructure Deployment: Oversee the planning, design, procurement, and construction delivery of EV charging stations (including DC Fast Chargers) across multiple sites, ensuring adherence to project schedules and organizational standards
* eMobility Strategy & Sustainability: Define the comprehensive eMobility strategy, including targets for fleet electrification and charging network expansion. Partner with Sustainability teams to implement renewable energy systems and achieve carbon-free goals
* Technical Operations & Maintenance: Manage ongoing maintenance, asset repair, and hardware/software performance evaluations. Prioritize critical repairs to achieve 99% charger uptime and oversee the 24/7 call center team supporting EV charging service tickets
* Financial & Budget Management: Develop and manage annual CapEx and OpEx budgets for all eMobility initiatives. Maximize ROI by securing funding and leveraging relevant eMobility incentives, grants, and tax credits.
* Stakeholder & Vendor Management: Act as the primary liaison with utility companies, government agencies, and internal cross-functional partners (e.g., Facilities, IT, Finance, Legal). Oversee vendor teams responsible for project delivery, maintenance programs, and financing
* Reporting, Policy, & Compliance: Monitor industry trends, relevant policies, and electrical standards. Establish KPIs, analyze charging utilization data, and create comprehensive reports for executive leadership to measure environmental impact and system performance

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Project Management, Energy Management, or a related field
* Minimum of 5 years of professional experience in electric vehicle (EV) infrastructure deployment, with specific expertise in deploying and maintaining DCFC chargers and electrical systems
* At least 2 years of experience in a management or leadership role
* Proven track record of managing complex, multi-site charging station projects from inception through commissioning, including navigating utility interconnections and securing permits
* Demonstrable expertise in developing and managing capital budgets, along with a deep understanding of relevant regulatory frameworks and incentive programs

**We prefer:**

* Certifications or industry designations in Project Management, Engineering, Facilities Services, or National Electrical Code compliance
* Experience operating in mixed-use environments (office, industrial, labs, or manufacturing) and managing outsourced vendor portfolios
* Exceptional communication and negotiation skills, with the ability to influence cross-functional decisions and communicate real estate and business case strategies to executive-level stakeholders
* Demonstrated passion for sustainability, data analysis, and network/security technology infrastructure

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 35%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£88,000—£92,500 GBP
