---
title: Senior Counsel - Trade
status: active
id: '7822676'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7822676
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-27T13:20:03-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; Washington D.C., USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Washington DC (US-WAS-CAP)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Managing Counsel*

**You will:**

* Provide legal support to various business teams on a variety of issues related to cross border shipments.
* Interact directly with customs officials and work with our Policy team to engage regulators on a variety of trade and supply chain related issues.
* Engage in cross-functional planning efforts to ensure that trade compliance and strategy are properly incorporated into the project roadmap.
* Provide legal support on a variety of supply chain regulations, including equipment certifications and forced labor diligence.
* Develop vision, strategy, and implementation for complying with evolving and complex international trade and suppy chain regulations.

**You have:**

* JD degree with a strong academic record, state bar membership, and 10+ years of relevant legal experience.
* Solid background on and understanding of various cross-legal issues associated with manufacturing and shipping of goods internationally.
* Demonstrated experience in three or more of the following: import and export regulations, equipment certification and licensing, customs investigations, cross-border transactions, sanctions compliance and investigations, forced labor compliance.
* Experience with understanding cross-functional perspectives and navigating ambiguity. Ability to identify and create streamlined processes to support a growing company.
* Execution-oriented individual with strong interpersonal, communication, and team skills. Experience presenting to senior management and engineering teams.
* Eagerness to work in a startup environment and flexibly roll up your sleeves as an individual contributor to help drive our fast-paced and dynamic business within an emerging and rapidly developing industry.

**We prefer:**

* Over 15 years of relevant legal experience.
* Prior in-house experience working side-by-side with engineering, supply chain, logistics, partnerships, marketing, and leadership teams to spot, address, and counsel on trade compliance issues.
* Experience advising business and product teams on trade regulations, building out trade compliance programs, and developing strategies to minimize corresponding business risks.
* Experience supporting the importation of new and emerging technologies internationally.
* Experience working with legal teams and cross-functional partners located in different countries.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 15%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$298,000—$368,000 USD
