---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Vehicle Platforms C++
status: active
id: '7822756'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7822756
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-16T22:39:03-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- ESWE Pose and Motion Control (7SI)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Senior Staff Software Engineer for Embedded Systems.

**You will:**

* Develop high-quality vertically-integrated C++ software systems (on-vehicle and off-vehicle software) to manage autonomous vehicle functions.
* Analyze field data (logs) and simulation results.
* Participate in cross-functional workflows (e.g., requirement reviews, project planning).

**You have:**

* Degree (BS, MS) in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or similar or equivalent practical experience.
* At least 5 years of professional experience developing production software in modern C++ (i.e., C++17, C++20, etc.)
* Advanced knowledge of C++ patterns, idioms, and unit test methodology. This role is specifically for C++ and not for C/C++.

**We prefer:**

* Experience developing for and troubleshooting distributed systems: ideally the experience would be in embedded systems (microcontrollers / resource constrained), but other experiences (e.g., backend software) provide relevant skills.
* In-depth understanding of microcontroller-based embedded systems and associated development and debugging tools.
* Working experience with safety critical systems / functional safety.
* Working experience with cybersecurity (e.g., Secure Boot, SecOC, MACSec).
* Open source projects that demonstrate dedication to crafting high quality C++ software.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
