---
title: Senior FP&A Analyst - Infrastructure Deals
status: active
id: '7826653'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7826653
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T03:12:18-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Finance (64L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our Driver may be autonomous, but Waymo's finances are steered by experts like you. The Finance and Accounting group manages all aspects of our finances and serves as trusted advisors for all our strategic and enterprise endeavors. Along with managing compilation of our financial statements, looking after our cash and overseeing compliance, we partner closely with the business in overseeing company wide resource allocation, developing cutting edge compensation initiatives and generating detailed financial analyses to drive the business forward. We also develop advanced capital strategies to support the company's short- and long-term future.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Business Finance.

**You will:**

* Own the end-to-end financial analysis for real estate and infrastructure deals, implementing processes to streamline analysis, and ensuring all financials are validated before the deal enters formal review
* Help shape infrastructure strategy and unit economics, OPEX, CAPEX, and ensure individual transactions serve the broader roadmap for long-term infrastructure goals at market level, and achieve cost benchmarks by helping teams make trade-offs and decisions to optimize financial targets
* Act as finance liaison for the "gate" approval process, ensuring material reviews and buy-ins are finalized and numbers are aligned at each team level
* Orchestrate the internal chain of command by preparing strategic pre-read materials and deal reviews, streamlining the flow of information to move projects from identification to final executive sign-off

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Finance, or related field
* 7-10 years of corporate or business finance experience
* Within corporate finance experience, 4+ years of commercial real estate transaction experience
* Expert-level proficiency in financial modeling and the ability to find "the story" within the data
* Proven track record of managing multiple complex deals simultaneously under tight deadlines
* Exceptional ability to present with Executive-level stakeholders

**We prefer:**

* Real estate transaction experience in industrial development, leasing or related function

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$168,000—$207,000 USD
