---
title: Communications Manager, Federal Policy
status: active
id: '7839104'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7839104
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T09:02:45-04:00'
location: 'Washington, DC, USA '
departments:
- Comms (67E)
offices:
- Washington DC (US-WAS-CAP)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As a member of the Communications team, you’ll be on the cutting edge of bringing autonomous driving technology to the public, developing strategies that will increase understanding, acceptance, and adoption of this life-saving technology. We work with reporters, editors, bloggers, and other influencers to tell stories about Waymo and the potential of our technology to change how we move and live. We partner with the engineering, business, policy, marketing, and product teams to create messaging for new products and other initiatives, counter misinformation, and shape our reputation.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Corporate Communications Lead.

**You will:**

* Build and sustain communications programs that articulate our policy positions and safety approach to stakeholders.
* Own day-to-day engagement with key policy, tech, and business press, cultivating the relationships necessary to land strategic coverage and manage real-time inquiries.
* Oversee proactive and reactive communications related to regulatory issues, ensuring clear and consistent messaging during complex situations.
* Partner cross-functionally with Policy, Legal, Marketing, and Product teams to develop communications strategy and messaging on a range of issues.
* Manage ongoing executive communications opportunities, including media briefings, speaking engagements, industry events, and more.

**You have:**

* 7+ years of experience in public relations, media relations, or communications.
* Experience managing communications for regulatory issues, driving policy-focused media campaigns and shaping coverage.
* Proven ability to manage reactive communications and establish risk mitigation strategies.
* Exceptional writing and storytelling skills with a sharp eye for detail and tone.
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple complex projects independently while maintaining a high bar for excellence.

**We prefer:**

* Experience working in the government, technology, or autonomous vehicle industries
* Bachelor’s degree in a related field preferred but not required.
* Experience maintaining an established network of relevant media contacts, including new media, and fluency in the current media/social landscape.

**Travel Requirements:**

* 20% travel expected

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$168,000—$207,000 USD
