---
title: Brand Marketing Manager, Celebrity & Influencer
status: active
id: '7839124'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7839124
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T14:18:29-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- O-Marketing-Corp (0K5)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

On the Waymo Marketing team, you will help to connect people with the magic and impact of Waymo's autonomous driving technology. Our team has the unique opportunity to not only grow Waymo's brand from the ground up, but to also build societal acceptance for autonomous driving technology for the first time in history. We build thoughtful marketing strategy, positioning, messaging and creative assets to deliver messages that matter to our audience, communicated through anything from video content, to social media interactions, to immersive physical experiences. We also shape Waymo's go-to-market initiatives, helping to transform Waymo into a thriving business with a growing user base.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to our Brand & Culture Marketing Lead.

**You will:**

* Lead and manage the end-to-end earned and paid strategy for Waymo’s influencer and celebrity talent programs aligning with broader brand and culture marketing objectives and driving breakthrough performance alongside our core agency partners
* Identify and cultivate deep relationships with creators, celebrity talent, management, and talent agencies to grow Waymo’s network of influential voices.
* Develop creative campaigns that tap the star power of influencer and celebrity figures to fuel Waymo’s mission to be the World’s Most Trusted Driver.
* Negotiate and execute complex talent contracts, securing competitive terms, usage rights, and best-in-class deliverables.
* Establish measurement frameworks to deliver meaningful performance insights and track the impact of talent partnerships on brand sentiment, user acquisition, and cultural share-of-voice.
* Act as the internal subject matter expert, educating stakeholders on how to effectively leverage talent to meet business goals and staying ahead of the curve on emerging platforms, trends, and shifts in the celebrity and creator economy to keep Waymo at the forefront of culture.

**You have:**

* 7+ years of experience in influencer marketing, talent management, or celebrity partnerships within a high-growth consumer brand or top-tier agency.
* An extensive "Rolodex" of direct contacts at major talent agencies, management teams and established relationships within the creator community.
* Proven track record of executing best-in-class influencer programs and high-profile celebrity campaigns that broke through the noise and drove measurable cultural impact.
* Exceptional negotiation skills, with a deep understanding of SAG-AFTRA regulations, licensing, and digital talent usage rights.
* Data-driven mindset, with a strong skillset in analyzing campaign performance metrics, translating data into compelling reports, and deriving insights to inform optimization strategies.
* A cultural pulse on "the next big thing"—you know who is trending and what content consumers are leaning into before they go viral.

**We prefer:**

* Experience working specifically with technology or mobility brands, translating complex product features into consumer-friendly narratives.
* Background working at an influencer marketing or talent agency and/or in-house on a brand’s influencer or talent marketing team.
* Experience managing external influencer and celebrity marketing agencies.
* Global talent expertise with experience managing talent partnerships across the US, EMEA and APAC.
* Familiarity with PR and Earned Media, knowing how to turn talent partnerships into headline-grabbing moments.
* A genuine passion for autonomous technology and a forward-thinking vision for how it improves urban mobility

**Travel Requirements:**

* 1-3 times per quarter

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$177,000—$218,000 USD
