---
title: Trade Legal Specialist
status: active
id: '7847570'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7847570
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T18:33:23-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Managing Counsel*

**You will:**

* Manage import and export classifications needed to ensure shipment of goods for Waymo.
* Develop, update and implement any necessary measures for compliance with new or evolving trade and supply chain regulations, with advice from counsel.
* Support audit processes for Waymo’s compliance with trade and supply chain regulations.
* Ensure Waymo maintains and applies up-to-date information on tariff rates for various Waymo technologies.
* Work closely with in-house legal counsel to identify and address trade and supply chain compliance matters.
* Improve existing trade compliance processes to scale with business growth.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree.
* At least 5 years of experience working as a trade compliance specialist, preferably in-house.
* Experience performing and managing both import and export classifications for a range of products, including both off-the-shelf and custom-built items.
* Experience working closely with logistics teams to create documentation for international shipments.
* Experience conducting trade compliance audits.
* Experience working closely with finance and supply chain teams on tariff projects and payments.

**We prefer:**

* At least 10 years of experience working as a trade compliance specialist, preferably in-house.
* Experience working on trade compliance matters related to advanced computing and automotive technologies.
* Experience drafting and reviewing export licenses.
* Licensed customs broker (US or another jurisdiction).
* Experience with product compliance documentation and diligence to support importation (FCC, FDA, CE, UFLPA, etc.).
* Experience shipping large volumes of products internationally.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Occasional travel may be needed

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$152,000—$187,000 USD
