---
title: Litigation Counsel
status: active
id: '7847573'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7847573
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-23T20:33:29-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment.  We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world.  We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Assistant General Counsel*

**You will:**

* Advise on insurance-related laws and regulations
* Advise on commercial agreements provisions related to liability and insurance
* Manage litigation, support claims management, civil subpoenas, and related document production
* Further Waymo's litigation readiness, including proactive discovery preparedness
* Provide proactive litigation and product liability prevention advice
* Provide strategic counsel on the development of emerging law pertaining to AV and AI liability
* Participate on the legal on call rotation for incident response
* Advise on, and prepare responses to document and information requests for investigations

**You have:**

* 6+ years of prior litigation experience with a law firm and/or in-house legal department.
* Insurance law counseling, commercial drafting, product liability, automotive negligence, and/or data rights litigation experience
* Excellent communication skills and ability to partner effectively at all levels of the company and cross-functionally, including with executives and technical staff.
* Detailed and in-depth understanding of the litigation life-cycle, experience managing offensive and defensive litigation team efforts, and ediscovery processes, workflows and best practices.
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail; ability to manage a significant workload with competing deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
* Experience working with engineers of complex products and/or novel technologies

**We prefer:**

* Experience counseling across a range of subject matters relevant to autonomous vehicles or automobiles, regulated industries, or AI.
* In-house and/or trial experience.
* Experience responding to governmental requests for information, and/or other torts, commercial, employment, land-use/property rights, or IP litigation experience.
* On call or incident response experience
* Experience advising on document retention programs
* International litigation/arbitration experience

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 25%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
