---
title: 'Electrical Engineer, Sensors '
status: active
id: '7848797'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7848797
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T02:12:50-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- Laser (75X)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

We are seeking an experienced Sensor Electrical Engineer to join our Hardware/Sensor team. In this role, you will play a critical part in the full product life cycle—from initial design and development through to mass production—of our advanced sensor technologies. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional partners, including software, mechanical, and manufacturing teams, to deliver innovative and robust engineering solutions.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Sensors Hardware Lead.

**You will:**

* **End-to-End Product Development:** Evaluate, design, build, and validate next-generation sensor products, managing projects from concept through to mass production.
* **Technical Problem Solving:** Develop creative engineering solutions, performing hands-on characterization, debugging, and system validation.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:** Work in close partnership with software, mechanical, and manufacturing engineering teams to ensure seamless integration and high-quality deliverables.

**You have:**

* **Education & Experience:** An MS or PhD in Electrical Engineering or Physics, with at least 3+ years of relevant industry experience.
* **Technical Expertise:** A deep understanding of electrical engineering design, particularly in power supplies and mixed-signal systems.
* **Tools & Proficiency:** Strong experience with simulation, EE CAD tools, and schematic capture.
* **Technical Skills:** Familiarity with low-level embedded software and Python.
* **Adaptability:** Proven ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and evolving environment.

**We prefer:**

* 7+ years of experience in electrical engineering.
* A passion for hands-on work, spanning both hardware and software domains.
* Experience or interest in developing internal tools and workflows to enhance team productivity.
* Willingness to travel periodically to collaborate directly with our manufacturing partners.

**Travel requirements**:

* Travel is required to work with our manufacturing partners.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
