---
title: Social Media and Community Manager, Waymo Rider Support
status: active
id: '7851825'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7851825
lastmod: '2026-06-26T18:50:14-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T11:38:10-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Tempe, AZ, USA;
departments:
- RHO - Operations Center (M6D)
offices:
- Los Angeles (US-LAX-GRAN2037)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Support and Operations Intelligence*

**You will:**

* Monitor social channels via a team of Rider Support agents. Provide rapid-response support and analysis of rider sentiment to drive action from insights..
* Manage and improve the end-to-end intake of feedback from community members who interact with Waymo autonomous vehicles.
* Partner with Product, Safety, and our Ops team to drive tangible product and service improvements.
* Analyze engagement trends and community sentiment.
* Ensure our social and community support and communication is aligned to Waymo’s brand.
* Act as the first line of defense for high-priority social escalations, coordinating with PR and Legal teams to manage sensitive public-facing situations.

**You have:**

* 6+ years in Social Media Management, Community Management, and Customer Experience (CX), specifically within a high-stakes or tech-forward industry.
* Expert-level experience with social listening and engagement tools (e.g., Sprinklr and others).
* Ability to turn qualitative comments into quantitative data; you should be comfortable building narratives from data and insights.
* Exceptional writing and speaking skills with the ability to balance a professional brand voice with authentic, human empathy.
* A track record of getting things done, quickly.
* A process-oriented approach to close the loop—you don't just report a problem; you follow it until it's solved.

**We prefer:**

* Prior experience in ride-hail.
* Experience in local government relations or community organizing, particularly in urban environments.
* Formal training in crisis communications or public relations.

**Travel Requirement:**

* Up to 10% travel required

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
