---
title: Regional Demand Operations
status: active
id: '7851864'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7851864
lastmod: '2026-06-04T14:47:38-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T10:48:41-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA USA; Mountain View, CA USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

As the Demand Operations Manager, you will sit at the intersection of fleet technology, rider experience, and urban diplomacy. Your mission is to scale the Waymo Driver across multiple markets by leveraging sophisticated internal tools to harmonize fleet supply with rider demand. You will be the primary architect of our ground truth strategy ensuring that our autonomous fleet is pre-positioned effectively, that pickup and drop-off (PUDO) performance is seamless, and that our presence in the community is viewed as a net positive. This role requires a unique blend of operational rigor, data-driven decision-making, and the ability to consult with internal and external stakeholders to de-risk our expansion while maximizing rider satisfaction.

*In this onsite role, you will report to the West Regional Operations Lead*

**You will:**

* Monitor, mitigate, and respond to service quality issues based on data, rider, and community feedback to ensure a superior and seamless service environment.
* Utilize internal systems and forecasting tools to oversee fleet staging, ensuring vehicles are positioned to meet real-time rider demand and minimize wait times across diverse territories.
* Own the end-to-end Pickup and Drop-off experience at top venues. Analyze performance data to identify friction points, implement operational fixes that improve safety and efficiency at the curb, and work with external partners to enhance the experience.
* Lead the operational planning for high-traffic city events, creating specialized staging and PUDO strategies that prioritize rider experience while adhering to local regulations.
* Partner with internal teams (i.e. Product, Public Affairs, Mapping) to ensure that our technical capabilities align with the localized needs of the communities we serve.
* Partner with Marketing, Public Affairs, and local stakeholders to establish high-impact relationships that proactively de-risk negative operational impacts while positioning the Waymo Driver as a safe, reliable, and considerate neighbor.

**You have:**

* Bachelor’s degree plus 5+ years of experience in operations management, urban planning, consulting, or logistics, with a focus on demand-side optimization or fleet management.
* Proven track record of managing operations across multiple markets or complex urban environments.
* Exceptional ability to negotiate and consult with external partners, including city officials, event organizers, and community leaders.
* Strong ability to leverage data visualization tools and internal systems to drive operational outcomes.
* Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
* A steadfast commitment to safety-centric fleet orchestration that prioritizes the rider experience, upholds industry-leading service standards, and fosters a humble, community-driven approach to operational refinement

**We prefer:**

* Experience in the Ride-sharing, Autonomous Vehicle (AV) space or high-growth TNC (Transportation Network Company) industry.Background in urban design, transit planning, or public policy with a focus on mitigating community impact in high-density areas.
* Prior experience in management consulting or strategic operational consulting, with a focus on structured problem-solving and navigating ambiguous environments.
* Proven ability to manage high-stakes logistics for major city events (sports, festivals, political summits).
* Proven expertise in optimizing ride-sharing customer experiences by leveraging advanced data analytics to monitor market health, identify demand trends, and implement proactive service quality interventions.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 45% travel required

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
