---
title: 'Partner Operations Enablement Program Manager '
status: active
id: '7852030'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7852030
lastmod: '2026-07-01T16:32:44-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T14:33:25-04:00'
location: New York City, New York, USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Market Entry & Partner Enablement Team consists of Waymo Ops Program Managers focused on enabling the launch and scaling of new market operations end-to-end throughout partners’ (both commercial and validation operators) journeys and across all geographies both internationally and domestically. The team does so through facilitating the integration of new operational partnerships into the Waymo ecosystem. They do this by developing and maintaining processes & documentation for internal use and partner education, and by offering direct support to deal teams leading specialized programs. These programs enable partners to achieve successful, safe, standard-compliant, and independent operations at scale even as Waymo technology, standards, and best practices evolve rapidly.

This role will report to the Manager of New Business Operations - Commercial Growth & Planning.

**You will:**

* Build and maintain internal and external playbooks and documentation to enable independent operations by Waymo partners that meet our standards across all markets domestically and internationally.
* Identify opportunities for process improvement in how Waymo Operations engages with partners and work closely with internal cross-functional stakeholders across Finance, Legal, Business Development, Product, Supply Chain and other teams to drive these improvements.
* Support Partner Managers and Business Development leads in program review cadences internally and externally to assess partnership health and identify critical development areas within Waymo to support partners’ success.

**You have:**

* Operational Strategy & Program Management Expertise: 7+ years of experience in Program Management, specifically in roles focused on Process Excellence, Sales/Ops Enablement, and/or Strategy & Operations.
* Must have a proven track record of turning ambiguous problems and workflows into clear, actionable decisions, playbooks and processes.
* Adaptability in High-Growth Environments: Experience working in a fast-paced environment (like Tech or Global Logistics) where products, processes, and standards change frequently. You must be comfortable with taking both proactive and reactive measures to smooth the experience of those on the receiving end of the change.
* Cross-Functional & Leadership Engagement Skills: Demonstrated ability to influence and align diverse stakeholders including senior company leaders (e.g., Product, Legal, Partnerships, and Ops).
* Systems Thinking for Partnerships and/or Global Business Units: Experience managing or supporting third-party/external partner ecosystems or multi-region business units. You understand that "one size does not fit all" and can identify what is "uniquely required" for different partner tiers or regions.

**We prefer:**

* Data-Driven Process Improvement: Proficiency in using Lean, Six Sigma, or similar process improvement methodologies to measure the efficacy of a process. You don't just write a manual; you measure whether that manual actually delivered the desired outcomes.
* Performance Management Expertise: Proven track record of defining Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for external partners or internal operations.
* Planning and modeling experience: Confidence with basic spreadsheet modeling, preferably with physical asset, real estate, and/or headcount planning.

**Travel Requirements:**

* 10% of the year is spent traveling for in-person time with your team and to observe partner operations.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
