---
title: 'Senior Manager, Talent Acquisition Operations & Process Engineering '
status: active
id: '7852206'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7852206
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T19:19:51-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Recruiting (6A0)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's People team recruits and supports the world's best talent (including, we hope, you). Our HR business partners, program administrators, staffers, and compensation specialists help our employees attain their full potential in a healthy, considerate and supportive environment.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a the Head of Talent Acquisition.*

**You will:**

* Take an end to end Process/Product view of the Talent Acquisition tech stack and stakeholder experience
* Own program management and enablement across the Talent Acquisition function in deep partnership with HR Ops, IT as well as other partners in both the People team and more broadly at Waymo
* Own the vendor relationship for TA coordination as well as drive continuous delivery improvement.
* Lead TA project management including change management strategy, compliance partnership and communication
* Support TA enablement both internal to the TA team and externally with hiring partners across Waymo
* Drive data visibility for key performance metrics across in TA including delivery metrics as well as talent KPIs including production rates, capacity plans and secondary performance measures.
* Manage the Talent Acquisition Budget and spend allocation

**You have:**

* **Experience:** 10+ years of relevant experience, with 3-5+ years specialized in Talent Acquisition Operations, People Analytics, or HR Technology.
* **Global delivery experience:** Demonstrated experience with rapid scale in a multifunctional, global reach organization
* **Process Engineering:** Proven track record of applying Lean Six Sigma or process engineering methodologies to HR or TA environments.
* **Technical Expertise:** Deep experience managing ATS and CRM systems, with a focus on configuration and automation.
* **Analytical Skills:** Expert-level capability in analyzing large datasets and creating actionable reports.
* **Leadership:** Experience leading teams in high-growth, matrixed, or global organizations.

**We prefer:**

* **Certification:** Lean Six Sigma Black Belt or Green Belt.
* **Systems:** Experience with Gem, Greenhouse, Workday, Lookr.
* **AI Implementation:** Experience deploying Generative AI or AI-based sourcing tools.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$226,000—$278,000 USD
