---
title: Planning Manager - Infrastructure
status: active
id: '7858118'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7858118
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T13:48:23-04:00'
location: Remote, USA
departments:
- Ops General Pgm Mgmt (89M)
offices:
- Remote (US-XX-REMOTE)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes inclusivity and celebration. We value diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences; recognize that inclusive actions lead to equitable outcomes; and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

**This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Head of Infrastructure Strategy.**

### **You will:**

* Own infrastructure demand plans for charging, parking, and service depots. Build data-driven demand models for Waymo infrastructure that maximize business value while aligning to cross-functional constraints.
* Use simulation techniques, stochastic modeling, and other optimization tools to derive risk-adjusted business recommendations, in partnership with other teams
* Develop buffer strategies for different infrastructure types
* Drive continuous improvement in plan quality by conducting variance analysis and addressing key gaps
* Publish and maintain a quality demand plan by infrastructure type for each market
* Own demand review cadence and associated content to facilitate cross functional alignment on demand plans.

### **You have:**

* Education: Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Business, Data Science, Finance, or Master’s degree in Business Administration (MBA), Operations Research, or Data Science, or equivalent skillset
* Experience: 6+ years in capacity planning, forecasting, or other quantitative modeling/planning roles
* Financial acumen: experience deriving business recommendations through modeling and quantitative data analysis
* Experience planning, optimizing, and driving S&OP process for infrastructure assets in a hyper-growth environment, ideally EV fleets. Experience developing and implementing operational and acquisition strategies by influencing cross-functional stakeholders
* Modeling suite: advanced modeling proficiency in Excel or similar, SQL(BigQuery), Python, Google OR(CP-SAT solver) or similar
* Excellent Communication and Collaboration skills, visual storytelling in PowerPoint/Google slides/docs.

### **We prefer:**

* Demonstrated success operating withing a highly matrixed organization, driving clarity and cross-functional alignment
* Direct experience working with full spectrum of fleet infrastructure assets: charging, parking, tech ops, etc.
* Experience working with geospatial data or spatial indexing like (s2 cells or polygon-based mapping)
* Experience applying linear programming for capacity planning, Google OR(CP-SAT) or similar
* Planning/Modeling in Anaplan

(WA Based & Remote Roles - Disclosure)

In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based employees. Benefits for this role include:

* *Health, dental, vision, life, disability insurance*
* *Retirement Benefits: 401(k) with company match*
* *Paid Time Off: 20 days of vacation per year, accruing at a rate of 6.15 hours per pay period for the first five years of employment*
* *Sick Time: 40 hours/year (statutory, where applicable); 5 days/event (discretionary)*
* *Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks*
* *Baby Bonding Leave: 18 weeks*
* *Holidays: 13 paid days per year*

Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
