---
title: Senior Backend Engineer, Fleet Infrastructure
status: active
id: '7859522'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7859522
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T18:00:15-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation infrastructure for managing fleets of driverless cars? Join the Waymo Fleet Infrastructure team in San Francisco and help design the future of transportation!

Waymo has already made history by transporting people in a fully autonomous car. We're planning to grow our fleet of cars and recently launched the world's first autonomous ride-sharing business! We also have a growing fleet of driverless trucks for freight deliveries, and the list goes on as the sky’s the limit for what we can do with a fleet of robots.

We are looking for passionate engineers who want to build the systems that manage Waymo’s ever-growing fleet of autonomous vehicles.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve one or more mission-critical commercialization tools and systems
* Collaborate with Product, and other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as vehicle profile, secure parts transactions, vehicle configuration and build key infrastructure.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 7+ years of backend/infra experience\
* Strong knowledge in building software applications at scale
* TL or technical leadership skills
* Ability to thrive in ambiguity, solving large, open-ended problems
* Ability to think strategically and architecturally, while balancing short- and long-term needs

**We prefer:**

* Excellent communication skills - both technically with other engineers and with non-technical stakeholders
* Experience or interest in a cross-functional environment - we work with many different roles to build solutions for Waymo, our problem spaces typically require more than just software.
* MS in Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years of experience in data structures and algorithms
* 5+ years of experience programming in C++ and/or with writing robust, efficient code

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
