---
title: Business Systems Lead - Insurance & Operations
status: active
id: '7859141'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7859141
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T15:27:25-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA
departments:
- IT (6D3)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Business Systems team defines and builds the business IT architecture that supports the commercial operation of Waymo's autonomous fleet. The team stands at the intersection of finance, operations and IT; through creative architecture, expertise and attention to detail, it ensures that Waymo has world-class capabilities across all its business processes.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to Sr Manager Supply Chain, GTM & Data Intelligence Systems*

**You will:**

* Own the comprehensive technology strategy and define the solution roadmap across the entire portfolio: Operations and Insurance, ensuring a phased implementation approach aligned with strategic business objectives.
* Manage the full system lifecycle, including the setup, advanced integration, configuration, and continuous operational support of core platforms such as Risk and Insurance systems (e.g., Origami and TPA), LMS/Content management platforms, and other Operations tools.
* Direct configuration, customization, and integration efforts across systems to ensure seamless data flow and system interoperability between platforms (e.g., Origami, LMS,Brightspot, Salesforce, Tulip, Fleet Management tools), enabling scalable, reliable, and efficient business operations.
* Drive and govern end-to-end functional excellence, leading all phases of the project lifecycle including process re-engineering, requirements definition, data mapping, fit/gap analysis, solution design, testing, training, reporting, production support, and continuous improvement across Insurance and Operations ecosystems.
* Oversee the creation and standardization of all necessary
* project documentation: Business Requirements Documents (BRD), Functional Specification Documents (FSD), Technical Specifications, process flow diagrams, user stories, and test cases.
* Serve as the primary cross-functional leader, managing key stakeholder relationships and driving successful product and/or feature delivery, organizational alignment, and change management.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent years of work experience.
* Minimum 12+ years of progressive experience in Business Systems Analysis, with substantial hands-on and leadership experience across Risk & Insurance, LMS/Content Management platforms, and Operations with multiple full lifecycle implementations.
* Exceptional executive-level communication, negotiation, and cross-functional leadership skills proven in a complex, fast-paced organizational environment.

**We prefer:**

* Advanced degree (e.g., MBA or equivalent).
* Relevant professional certifications.
* Expertise in enterprise architecture, integrations, and large-scale data management.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$200,000—$247,000 USD
