---
title: Staff Hardware Engineer, Charging Systems
status: active
id: '7872767'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7872767
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T14:52:22-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US
departments:
- Laser (75X)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Hardware Engineering Lead.

**You will:**

* Architect, specify, and configure high power chargers for Waymo depots
* Validate charger system requirements and specifications
* Design and execute validation tests to confirm charger performance and reliability
* Debug and triage charger failures from the field
* Evaluate and select new charger hardware architectures and technologies

**You have:**

* BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years high power charging hardware experience - power module design, schematic capture, board layout, manufacturing, test/debug
* Delivered at least one project from prototype phase into mass production
  + Experience with hardware validation cycles, debug and measurement methods
  + Experience with lab bring-up, debug of complex electronic systems, and manufacturing testing processes
* Familiarity with:
  + Electric vehicles and high power chargers
  + Power electronics
  + High voltage safety and lab testing
  + Design for functional safety

**We prefer:**

* 8+ years high power charging hardware experience
* Delivered multiple charger projects to mass production and/or large scales (>1000 chargers)
* Experience with integrated electronic systems design
* Familiarity with Python, Linux and C++

**Travel requirements:**

* Willing to travel ~10% of the time to visit charging vendors and Waymo depots around the world

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
