---
title: Safety Case Research - Product Development Lead
status: active
id: '7884982'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7884982
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T16:17:38-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Safety (7GB)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-RLS1)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Waymo Safety team works to promote and help to continuously improve the safety of Waymo’s fully autonomous driving technology. Our experts develop safety goals and strategies, and conduct safety engineering analyses to ensure safety is being considered throughout the design and development of our vehicles. The team develops and promotes safety strategies and policies for autonomous vehicles for its work with regulatory authorities, lawmakers, law enforcement and public and non-profit organizations. Our Safety Team also helps advise on compliance with applicable environmental, health, and safety regulations.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Safety Management.

**You will:**

* Drive the integration of safety case claims related to design and development processes, such as those related to: software development best practices, launch reviews, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) safety.
* Revise and support new content within the safety case, as informed by international regulatory compliance requirements.
* Collaborate with the current safety case drafting team to ensure consistency in processes and content included in the safety case, as well as parity of rigor and maturity.
* Ensure that management of change practices and other safety case policies continue to be upheld, and evaluate change impact across Waymo’s expanding Operational Design Domain, and across vehicle platforms.
* Support the expansion of the safety case to multi-platform architectures.
* Develop far-reaching strategies and related communications for operational excellence and scalability, specifically within the Safety Management System (SMS) and policy domain.
* As appropriate, engage with internal and external stakeholders/regulators regarding safety processes and standards.
* Contribute to the research agenda on critical safety topics and contribute to overall best practices for the Safety Management and Best Practices team.

**You have:**

* Minimum 3 years software release management first-hand experience, inclusive of software development best practices, software quality assurance reviews, and updates management.
* Demonstrated ability to translate complex external regulations, standards, or nascent industry best practices into actionable, robust internal policies and procedures.
* Proven experience conducting change impact analysis and evaluating the effects of system or process changes across multiple platforms or operational domains.
* Experience in drafting, contributing to, or maintaining official safety-related documentation, such as a Safety Case, for regulatory submissions.

**We prefer:**

* Preferred experience with safety-critical software.
* Experience in the certification of safety-critical software and/or hardware.
* A track-record of engagement in scientific research.

**Travel**:  
The Safety Best Practices team is spread across multiple regions. Travel is required for team on-sites as well as for project-based activities such as audits (internal or external).

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$241,000—$297,000 USD
