---
title: Executive Business Partner
status: active
id: '7895859'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7895859
lastmod: '2026-07-21T10:57:51-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T10:27:07-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Executive (69W)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Wherever Waymo works, Business Support teams are on the job. We're the partners who plan events, work with external partners, and orchestrate the daily activities of our teams and leaders, the real estate specialists who find and build amazing workspaces and research facilities; the systems experts who develop and run our intuitive IT and business tools. Together, we do everything it takes to keep Waymo rolling.

In this role, you will report into our CEO onsite 4 to 5 days per week.

**You will:**

* **Strategic CEO Partnership:**  You use superior judgment and independent discretion paired with a deep understanding of the business to act as a strategic partner to the CEO. You proactively manage the CEO’s time, resolve complex scheduling conflicts, and prioritize critical business initiatives to ensure focus on the most impactful decisions.
* **Executive Office Management:** Strategically manage the administrative landscape (calendars, travel, complex logistics) to focus the CEO on high-level priorities. Your attention to detail ensures the CEO is always prepared for meetings, board engagements, and external presentations.
* **Operational Excellence:** Serve as a central force for the CEO’s office, optimizing processes, streamlining workflows, and fostering seamless cross-functional collaboration. Challenge the status quo to build efficiency into existing operations and shape new strategies for rapid growth.
* **System-Wide Connectivity:** Act as a critical liaison, building strong relationships across Waymo, Google, and Alphabet, and with external partners. Proactively identify and solve roadblocks to keep the CEO’s office connected and effective within the broader ecosystem.
* **ABP Leadership:**You are a driver of excellence who sets the standard for all ABPs within Waymo.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience
* 10+ years of experience providing direct executive support to C-suite executives within a fast-paced technology or startup environment
* Experience managing complex scheduling and logistics with external partners, demonstrating responsiveness, flexibility, and sound judgment with confidentiality
* Exceptional organizational, time management, and prioritization skills with the ability to manage multiple complex tasks in a dynamic setting
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills: Proven ability to build strong relationships, collaborate effectively across diverse teams/functions, and maintain strict confidentiality.
* Strong business acumen, analytical problem-solving skills, and the ability to adapt effectively to different leadership styles and partnership dynamics

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with AI-scheduling agents and LLM-based productivity tools to automate meeting summaries, action items, and data synthesis.
* Proven ability to lead projects, manage processes, and independently resolve operational issues through strategic thinking and data analysis.
* Basic ability to use tools like Tableau, Looker, or advanced Excel/Sheets to visualize data for executive presentations.
* Expert proficiency in the Google Office Suite.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$158,000—$194,000 USD
