---
title: Technical Training Manager (WRA/RS)
status: active
id: '7899420'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7899420
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T15:06:39-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US; Phoenix, AZ, US; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- WaymoU (6LL)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report the Head of Waymo Training and Documentation.*

**You will:**

* Build and oversee ‘train the trainer’ programs to vendor and partner instructors, ensuring high quality and consistent delivery of the established curriculum, and auditing instructors and classes.
* Lead the delivery of training content for operators for safety-critical missions including hands-on technical training related to Waymo Fleet Response operations including Rider Support and Waymo Roadside Assistance as well as training for managers on software-based tools that assist management.
* Implement Waymo's technical training programs for Operations vendors and partners related to autonomous vehicle on-road assistance, and the management of these operations, ensuring effective delivery, safety prioritization and coordination.
* Plan and execute ‘train the trainer’ roadmap to meet business needs of market expansion, and scale learning initiatives effectively. Focus on scaling initiatives that enhance safe operations and regulatory adherence across all training activities.
* Manage the qualifications, certifications, and enrollments of vendor/partner trainers and operators within the Learning Management System (LMS), including conducting top-level troubleshooting.
* Drive accountability and monitor the quality of external training partners and their ability to achieve desired learning proficiencies and operational readiness adhering to safety best practices.

**You have:**

* 10+ years of experience in managing and delivering complex technical and operational training programs.
* Demonstrated expertise in effective training delivery methodologies, certification in effective training practice (ATD or other applicable program), experience with *train the trainer* (TTT) programs, and an engaging presentation and facilitation style.
* Proven experience managing vendor relationships and external training teams to deliver scalable programs.
* Solid understanding and application of adult learning principles in technical training delivery.
* Proficiency with Learning Management Systems (LMS) for tracking qualifications, enrollments, and assessment results.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate across teams and proactively communicate with various stakeholders in a fast-paced environment with business-critical deadlines and high volumes of change.

**We prefer:**

* Demonstrated ability to deliver and oversee large-scale technical training programs in safety-critical and complex environments, with a strong understanding of ensuring adherence to rigorous operational policies and procedures.
* Familiarity with regulatory compliance and safety requirements for technical training in the transportation or automotive industry, exercising business and technical understanding.
* Experience in leveraging On-the-Job Training (OJT) as a core delivery method for technical skills acquisition. This includes ensuring OJT reinforces established safety practices and quality standards.
* Demonstrated ability to identify, propose, and implement process improvements for training workflows and processes to enhance operational efficiency, particularly as they relate to safety and compliance effectiveness and the implementation of changes into normal operations.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
