---
title: Software Engineer, Fleet Orchestration Core
status: active
id: '7901957'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7901957
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T18:20:23-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, United States; San Francisco, CA, United States
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Software Engineering builds the brains of Waymo's fully autonomous driving technology. Our software allows the Waymo Driver to perceive the world around it, make the right decision for every situation, and deliver people safely to their destinations. We think deeply and solve complex technical challenges in areas like robotics, perception, decision-making and deep learning, while collaborating with hardware and systems engineers. If you’re a software engineer or researcher who’s curious and passionate about Level 4 autonomous driving, we'd like to meet you.

The ideal candidate is someone who can be self-sufficient and product-minded. You will be working on cross-cutting problems that will require strong cross-team collaboration, both technically (mobile app, cloud backends, and the Waymo Driver) and functionally (operations, product, legal, partnerships, policy & privacy) to develop and deliver business critical infrastructure.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve one or more mission-critical tools and systems.
* Collaborate with Product, UX, and other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve.
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as fleet optimization, field escalation handling, workshop management, efficient mileage gathering, and more.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of backend or infrastructure experience.
* Experience with backend coding languages: C++, Python, and Java.

**We prefer:**

* Experience with C++ (or a willingness to learn)
* Passion for working in cross functional environments that include nontechnical stakeholders
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Flume, Borg, Protocol Buffers, OnePlatform)
* Experience with operations tooling, developer productivity, developer tools, SRE/oncall.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
