---
title: Software Engineer, Logs Infrastructure
status: active
id: '7901924'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7901924
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T13:45:54-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Driver has already safely delivered tens of millions of rider-only trips across 100 million real-world miles, but our journey is just beginning. We are actively expanding into new markets and pioneering advanced technology that redefines the future of global mobility.

The Waymo Logs Infrastructure powers critical decision making and model development effort, with subsystems such as onboard data collection, ingestion, processing, storage, and serving, all operating at planet scale where efficiency and resiliency is paramount.

If autonomous driving and large scale infrastructure aligns with your passions and skills, please come join us to build the future together.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Tech Lead Manager.*

**You will:**

* Work in close relationships with partners and stakeholders across Waymo (Simulation, Planner, Perception, Analysis, Release Eval, Onboard Infra, Mapping, Ops, Hardware, Depot Infra, Legal, Product) to build joint strategy and roadmaps
* Understand and improve the behavior of production systems, including instrumentation, bug fixes, provisioning, and reliability improvements
* Improve the automation, code health, technical debt and simplify the system
* Brainstorm, design and build new infrastructure features
* Provide support for partners and clients

**You have:**

* 4+ years of professional software engineering experience
* Experience working on large-scale distributed systems
* Proven track record of driving collaboration effectively across organizational boundaries
* Good working knowledge of C++ (3+ years active coding experiences)
* Strong ability to document technical designs, processes, and communicate clearly with cross-functional teams

**We prefer:**

* Familiarity with Data Engineering / Backend Infrastructure / Streaming Infrastructure
* Sampling / Compression / Fleet Optimization algorithms
* Resource Allocation Fairness
* Familiarity with Cloud Storage (e.g. S3 or GCS)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
