---
title: Fullstack Engineer, Mission Planning
status: active
id: '7901976'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7901976
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T09:41:38-04:00'
location: 'Warsaw, Poland '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-TFM)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation of infrastructure for driverless cars?

Join our Waymo Driver Validation team, and help us design the future of transportation! We are looking for a passionate Fullstack Engineer who wants to help build the systems that improve Waymo's core ride hailing and fleet management systems.

You are someone who is product-minded. You will work on cross-cutting problems to require cross-team collaboration, both technically (mobile app, cloud backends, and the Waymo Driver) and functionally (operations, product, legal, partnerships, policy & privacy) to develop and deliver business critical infrastructure.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve mission-critical horizontal infrastructure and tooling that underpins all commercialization systems
* Collaborate with other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve
* Scale our systems to meet the demands of commercial expansion and growing complexity
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as world simulation for regression testing and evaluation of software services managing fleets for autonomous vehicles

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
* 5 years of experience in full stack development, across back-end such as Java/Kotlin, Python, GO, or C++ codebases, and front-end experience including JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML, CSS or equivalent.
* Knowledge of front-end web technologies.

**We prefer**:

* Experience building data visualization and/or data management applications.
* Experience collaborating with UX and Interaction design.
* Experience with engineering artifacts, reliability monitoring and alerting, security and privacy practices and techniques, documentation, integration testing, production hygiene, and support processes.
* Ability to communicate with other software developers and cross-functional stakeholders at multiple levels and across sites.

#LI-Hybrid
