---
title: Product Manager, Pickup and Dropoff Systems
status: active
id: '7902413'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7902413
lastmod: '2026-06-05T14:49:36-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T19:05:24-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US, San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Director of Product.*

**You will:**

* **Own the roadmap for Pickup and Dropoff (PUDO) Systems** — the core infrastructure and APIs that operate as the physical-to-digital ‘glue’ between the user experience, the vehicle/autonomy stack, and our cloud servers.
* **Drive the development of cross-stack features**, such as the boarding sequence (communication between the vehicle, riders' phones, and the cloud), handling off-nominal scenarios, customizing our PUDO platform for goods delivery, and more.
* **Translate company-level objectives to team-level outcomes** and build a product roadmap to achieve those outcomes, backed by data and comprehensive industry understanding.
* **Collaborate with UX design, UX research, and engineering** to translate complex rider needs into simple, elegant product solutions.
* **Lead cross-functional efforts** across multiple engineering teams, marketing, business, regulatory, and operations to drive product decisions from conception to launch.

**You have:**

* **5+ years of Product Management experience**, with a demonstrated track record of shipping complex, highly technical products.
* **A strong technical foundation with a formal engineering background**: You hold a **bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field, and/or have professional experience working as a Software Engineer** prior to transitioning into Product Management.
* **Experience with integrated Hardware/Software (HW/SW) products**: You have successfully managed and shipped products that involve **both software and hardware components** (e.g., VR/AR systems like Meta Oculus, hardware-integrated operating systems like Google Android, smart home IoT systems like Nest, consumer robotics, or connected vehicle platforms).
* **A well-rounded mix of product development skills** (user experience, data analytics, and deep system engineering) combined with a strong product sense and exemplary execution.
* **Experience partnering closely with UX teams** to design and ship best-in-class consumer-facing physical/digital experiences.
* **Demonstrated success navigating ambiguity independently**, with excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, a growth mindset for product exploration, and a strong sense of ownership.

**We prefer:**

* **Domain Expertise in AV, Ride-Hailing, or Fleet Logistics**: Experience specifically owning pickup/dropoff (PUDO) orchestration, rider-vehicle matching, physical routing, or fleet management
* Experience working on **consumer-facing robotics products** or safety-critical technical systems.
* **Strong data analysis skills (SQL, Python, etc.)** with the aptitude to dive deep to investigate edge cases, extract insights, and inform product decisions.

**Travel requirements**:

* Periodic travel (1-2 weeks per quarter) to Waymo markets and/or engineering offices (including Warsaw, PL)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$252,000 USD
