---
title: Software Engineer, Driver Validation
status: active
id: '7902599'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7902599
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T10:09:25-04:00'
location: 'Warsaw, Poland '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-TFM)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation of infrastructure for driverless cars?

Join our Waymo Driver Validation team, and help us design the future of transportation! We are looking for a passionate Software Engineer who wants to help build the systems that improve Waymo's core ride hailing and fleet management systems.

You are someone who is product-minded. You will work on cross-cutting problems to require cross-team collaboration, both technically (mobile app, cloud backends, and the Waymo Driver) and functionally (operations, product, legal, partnerships, policy & privacy) to develop and deliver business critical infrastructure.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Help build and evolve mission-critical horizontal infrastructure and tooling that underpins all commercialization systems
* Collaborate with other engineering teams to develop systems and processes as business needs grow and evolve
* Help scale our systems to meet the demands of commercial expansion and growing complexity
* Solve hard, real-world problems such as world simulation for regression testing and evaluation of software services managing fleets for autonomous vehicles

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 4+ years of backend or infrastructure experience

**We prefer:**

* Experience with C++ (or a Willingness to participate in professional development activities to stay current on industry knowledge)
* Experience working in environments including nontechnical team members
* Experience with operations tooling, developer productivity, or developer tools

#LI-Hybrid
