---
title: Full Stack Software Engineer, Depot UX
status: active
id: '7902119'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7902119
lastmod: '2026-07-22T14:30:08-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T10:20:56-04:00'
location: Warsaw, Poland
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-TFM)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

We are looking for a passionate Full Stack Software Engineer to join the Waymo UX Depot team. Our work involves building both the client-facing interfaces and backend infrastructure that power the mobile and web applications used by Waymo and enterprise partners to manage fleets of autonomous vehicles. You will help us enhance mobile apps for operational personnel, scale real-time tools for fleet data collection, and build intuitive web views to visualize and control complex depot deployment processes.

You will be developing high-quality, reliable, and scalable end-to-end systems that form the backbone of mission-critical Waymo infrastructure, enabling new functionalities, supporting expansion into new markets, and ensuring extreme correctness and data integrity across user interfaces and core backend services.

**You will:**

* Design, develop, test, and optimize Angular applications using Typescript and modern development techniques.
* Build and evolve mission-critical tools and systems that allow Waymo to scale and serve new markets.
* Solve hard real-world problems related to event / incident response.
* Collaborate with Product, UX, and other engineers to design and develop internal user-facing products.
* Ship solutions to novel problems that arise in a fast-paced environment.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 3+ years of experience in full-stack development.
* Strong understanding of web development fundamentals including HTML, CSS, and modern JavaScript/TypeScript.
* Knowledge of common frontend web development frameworks (e.g., Angular, React, Vue).
* Interest in backend development.

**We prefer:**

* Experience developing Angular applications.
* Backend experience in Java, Python, Go, C++ or similar.
* Familiarity with Google infrastructure (e.g. Borg, Protocol Buffers, Spanner).
* Experience with engineering artifacts, reliability monitoring and alerting, documentation, integration testing, production hygiene, and support processes.

#LI-Hybrid
