---
title: Software Engineer, Trip Platform
status: active
id: '7905678'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7905678
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-13T01:14:53-04:00'
location: 'Mountain View, CA, United States '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

TaaS (Transportation as a Service) is responsible for building an amazing user experience and business around the Waymo Driver. We are responsible collectively for Growth, Territory Expansion, Service Quality (including pickup, dropoff and routing), Marketplace (pricing, positioning, matching), and Partnerships / B2B(2C) monetization.

Trip platform team specifically focus on building Waymo's core trip platform to support multiple high-growth use cases, including ride-hailing and delivery, across both 1st party and 3rd party B2B partners’ needs, enabling broader access to Waymo technology for more people and markets.

**You will:**

* Implement and scale Waymo's core trip platform to support multiple high-growth use cases, including ride-hailing and delivery, across both 1st party and 3rd party B2B partners’ needs, enabling broader access to Waymo technology for more people and markets.
* Design and implement partner facing API services for various customer-hailing scenarios, including managing trip requests and calculating pickup and ride times; calculates the price of rides.
* Collaborate with external partners to jointly build great Waymo experiences on 3rd party platforms
* Develop expertise in and make use of various Google technologies, like OnePlatform API, Borg, Spanner, Flume, and custom-built systems for our specific problems.

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
* 3+ years of experience programming in backend coding languages.
* Experience in building backend applications and API.

**We prefer:**

* Experience in C++
* MS in Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience.
* Experience in developing low latency, large-scale, user facing distributed systems.
* Domain knowledge across the transportation, mobility, and/or autonomous vehicle industries.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
