---
title: Staff Systems Engineer, Motion Control
status: active
id: '7905387'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7905387
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T17:01:46-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- HW Systems (7SH)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*Hardware Engineering is an innovative and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.*

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to Systems Engineering Manager.*

**You will:**

* Derive requirements on trajectories and motion control algorithms, from safety goals and product performance objectives.
* Lead  the sign-off of hardware and software subsystems for new releases and expanded scope
* Build analysis tools (e.g. dashboards, database queries, scripts) for large-scale analyses of Waymo’s massive datasets.
* Write risk assessments that trade off performance and reliability.
* Continuously improve Waymo analysis and evaluation processes to reduce time to deployment.
* Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams of engineers to solve complex technical challenges, and contribute to a culture of clear communication and high standard

**You have:**

* 7+ years of Systems Engineering experience decomposing safety goals to requirements for motion control, motion planning, or dynamics.
* Must have direct experience in developing requirements for multiple systems that apply across multiple products, software versions, or hardware iterations
* Demonstrated experience writing Python code to analyze data, and understanding C++ production code
* Project management experience
* Strong collaboration skills with test engineers, software engineers, and other systems engineers
* Master's Degree in a relevant field (e.g. Mechanical, Computer, Electrical Engineering, CS, Robotics, Systems Design) or equivalent industry experience

**We prefer:**

* Autonomous vehicle or similar experience working on systems with safety-critical hardware and software components
* Experience with analyzing very large datasets (hundreds of thousands of records, high frequency)
* Test engineering experience

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
