---
title: Software Engineer, Fleet Orchestration Infra
status: active
id: '7912827'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7912827
lastmod: '2026-06-04T14:47:38-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T14:07:49-04:00'
location: 'Warsaw, Poland '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Warsaw (PL-WAW-RODC2)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Want to build the next generation of infrastructure for driverless cars?

Join our Waymo Fleet Orchestration and Optimization team, and help us design the future of transportation! We are looking for a passionate Senior SWE who wants to help build the systems that improve Waymo's core ride hailing and fleet management systems.

Team Commercialization: focused on building a commercial service around the Waymo Driver. Supply Optimization Infrastructure: build infrastructure and optimization service that will optimize resource usage

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engineering Manager.

**You will:**

* Build and evolve mission-critical tools and systems that allow Waymo to scale and serve new markets.
* Solve hard real-world problems related to event / incident response.
* Collaborate with Product, UX, and other engineers to design and develop internal user-facing products.
* Ship solutions to novel problems that arise in a fast-paced environment

**You have:**

* BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years of backend engineering or infrastructure experience

**We prefer:**

* Experience with C++ (or a willingness to participate in professional development activities to stay current on industry knowledge)
* Experience working in environments including nontechnical team members
* Experience with operations tooling, developer productivity, or developer tools

#LI-Hybrid
