---
title: MOps Program Manager - PPRG Quality & Training
status: active
id: '7916878'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7916878
lastmod: '2026-06-11T13:49:53-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T13:49:53-04:00'
location: Hyderabad (IN-HYD-OMGA)
departments:
- O-MOps-Corp (7GC)
offices:
- Hyderabad (IN-HYD-OMGB)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Technical Program Managers and Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.

**You will:**

* Act as a subject matter expert on Quality & Training, and and serve as a point of contact for our vendor teams in helping improve the operational quality
* Systematically analyze QA data to identify trends, root causes of performance gaps, opportunities for improvement and own the solutions end-to-end
* Partner cross-functionally with other Program Managers to understand critical areas that need Training intervention in order to improve quality
* Create and maintain clear technical documentation
* Work with Technical Writers, Subject Matter Experts and Instructional Designers on the design and development of comprehensive training programs

**You have:**

* Bachelor's Degree in technical or business discipline
* Bachelor's Degree in technical or business discipline
* Proven collaboration and communications skills working with globally distributed teams and multiple stakeholders
* Excellent data analysis skills, ability to derive insights and tell a story with data

**We prefer:**

* Technical documentation and Training experience
* Worked in Mapping/ GIS, Ride-sharing, or in the supply chain domain
* SQL or other data analytics skills

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

₹1,800,000—₹2,140,000 INR
