---
title: Technical Lead Manager, Query & Storage SWE
status: active
id: '7917933'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7917933
lastmod: '2026-06-01T14:26:23-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T14:22:25-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to Sr. Staff TLM**

## You will:

* Lead, mentor, and grow a team of software engineers, fostering a culture of engineering excellence, innovation, and collaboration.
* Define and execute the technical roadmap of the data pipeline, storage, and query infrastructure for Waymo driver evolution and commercialization expansion
* Drive the design, development, and operation of highly scalable, reliable, and efficient distributed systems for massive-scale data processing and analysis.
* Collaborate closely with stakeholders across Engineering (e.g., Perception, Planner, Simulation) and Data Science to understand needs and deliver impactful solutions.
* Own the end-to-end lifecycle of your team's systems, including architecture, implementation, testing, deployment, and monitoring.
* Champion best practices in software development, system design, and operational excellence.

## You have:

* BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or a related field.
* 8+ years of software engineering experience, with a proven track record of designing and building large-scale distributed systems.
* Deep understanding of query engines and query optimization (e.g., F1 Query, Presto) and storage systems (e.g., Bigtable, Spanner).
* 2+ years of experience in engineering management or tech leadership, including people management, project leadership, and technical direction.
* Strong software development skills, with proficiency in SQL and one of C++/Java/Python.
* Excellent problem-solving, communication, and interpersonal skills.

## We prefer:

* Demonstrated ability to influence and drive alignment across multiple teams.
* Experience with data warehousing, data modeling, and SQL optimization.
* Expeience with data processing frameworks (e.g., Flume, Spark, Beam) and stream and batch processing technologies.
* Familiarity with Google's internal data infrastructure and tools.
* Domain knowledge in autonomous vehicles, robotics, or large-scale data analysis.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
