---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Agentic Workflows
status: active
id: '7926984'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7926984
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T14:36:31-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Sys Intel and Machine Lrng (SQT)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Waymo ML Infrastructure team accelerates Waymo's mission by building the best ecosystem for sustainably building and shipping ML-powered intelligence. We provide the best solutions for the entire model development lifecycle, collaborating closely with Google. Developer productivity, scale, and efficiency are core tenets.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Software Engineer, Technical Lead Manager.*

**You will:**

* Report to the TLM for the ML Tooling team
* Deploy Agentic Workflows to automate ML workflows
* Integrate Agnetic AI into existing ML toolings to add new functionalities.
* Work with ML Engineers to identify and resolve workflow difficulties through UX, automation, and agents

**You have:**

* BS in Computer Science, Robotics, a similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience
* Experience with building and deploying AI Agents for workflow automation
* High customer focus and ability to incorporate user feedback into designs and improvements

**We prefer:**

* 3 years of professional experience building and maintaining ML platforms
* Proficiency developing large-scale jobs and backend servers in C++ or Python
* Proficiency developing web frontends in TypeScript/Angular

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
