---
title: 'Product Manager, Mapping (Real-time Disruptions) '
status: active
id: '7926309'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7926309
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T21:14:13-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to the Group Product Manager.*

**You will:**

* Play a critical role in making Waymo's AV maps as useful as possible by creating software, processes, and metrics for our fleet to navigate and respond to dynamic real-world disruptions (e.g., road closures, construction, weather risks, special events)
* Develop automated pipelines and operational tooling to scalably ingest and arbitrate vehicle observations and third-party data (including contributions from local authorities and data aggregators). You’ll have to manage tradeoffs like the credibility of data provenance against the freshness of newer, less validated data
* Partner with teams to understand the impact—positive and negative—of map changes, ensuring we reliably manage disruptions while maintaining high service quality and rider satisfaction
* Manage a geospatial database of information that improves the Waymo Drivers' understanding of the world around it
* Work with scaled organizations to develop the processes, metrics, and training necessary to execute your product vision

**You have:**

* Deep technical acumen of complex, multi-model systems that all need to work together towards common goals
* Track record of excellent stakeholder management to bring disparate parts of an organization together to a common consensus
* "Infrastructure sense", if not actual experience working on critical infrastructure
* Amazing attention to detail. This isn't just a "table stakes" skillset that candidates should gloss over—the issues this Product Manager will work with require deep thinking and consideration of complex physical spaces

**We prefer:**

* ML experience; particularly understanding the management of model precision/recall gaps and developing processes to improve on them
* Experience with geospatial datasets, including integrating third-party traffic & weather data or handling real-time routing optimization
* AV experience nice but not required
* Experience with databases that retain the concept of data provenance and use it in downstream logic

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$252,000 USD
