---
title: Staff Software Engineer, Weather Operations
status: active
id: '7931005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7931005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-18T11:39:53-04:00'
location: 'San Francisco, CA '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Lead the design, architecture, and development of Waymo's next-generation offboard weather systems and infrastructure.
* Provide technical leadership for initiatives to enhance weather data ingestion, processing, and storage.
* Drive the development of a variety of real-time and forecasting weather applications.
* Collaborate across multiple engineering and cross functional teams to deliver robust, scalable, and dependable solutions.
* Maintain high performance and stability for systems vital to safe fleet operations in diverse weather environments.
* Guide the architectural design of next-generation infrastructure specifically for weather-related products.

**You Have:**

* Demonstrated success in technical leadership and the architecture of intricate distributed platforms.
* Deep expertise in data stores, pipelines, processing data in low-latency, real-time environments and overall system design.
* Understanding of stream processing and in-memory data storage solutions.
* Proven track record of managing multi-year technical strategies and delivering high-impact outcomes.
* Superb communication abilities and experience with cross-functional partnership.
* A Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in a relevant field like Computer Science.

**We prefer:**

* Skill in managing geospatial information, such as raster processing, KMLs, and mapping tools.
* Background in machine learning, specifically involving Vision Language Models (VLMs).
* Prior experience with environmental sensing or weather-related data.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
