---
title: Program Manager, Risk & Insurance
status: active
id: '7939648'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7939648
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:18:09-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T14:11:12-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Program Managers are accountable for Waymo’s roadmap execution by providing thoughtful cross-functional planning, clarity, and proactive risk management. In the face of complex technical and operational challenges with no established playbooks to follow, we act with thoughtful urgency, driving conversations, discussions, and outcomes. Our team partners closely with every function of Waymo to structure, own and drive work towards real-world deployments of the Waymo Driver across platforms and geographies.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to a Manager of Program Management.*

**You will:**

* Lead and drive programs across the modernization of the risk & insurance ecosystem, working cross-functionally with teams such as Legal, Product, Engineering, etc. in domestic and international markets
* Collaborate with leadership to establish strategies with roadmaps, tracking milestones and resolving blockers against those roadmaps
* Prioritize / manage / drive timelines, risks, and dependencies; resolve misalignments with overall scope and schedule
* Keep stakeholders across Waymo informed and aligned on transformational progress; represent programs to senior leadership and partner with them to remove blockers

**You have:**

* 5+ years experience managing complex programs where precision and attention to detail are critical to success
* Experience leading large high stakes programs across teams, such as Insurance, Product, Safety, Engineering, Ops, etc.
* Ability to navigate ambiguity and drive clear decision-making
* Strong leadership skills and clear verbal and written communication
* Significant expertise in scaling processes within complex, growing areas

**We prefer:**

* Experience within claims and insurance space
* Expertise driving internal programs that scale the business
* Experience within ride hailing, autonomous, or transportation industries

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
