---
title: Software Quality Operations Specialist
status: active
id: '7942677'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7942677
lastmod: '2026-06-29T20:14:01-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T16:01:10-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Triage (SQW)
offices:
- Remote (US-XX-REMOTE)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo's fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Software Quality Operations (SWQOps) team is at the heart of ensuring the safety, reliability, and quality of the Waymo Driver. Our mission is to build a scalable operation powered by AI, to deliver the crucial insights necessary to deploy and grow Waymo's autonomous vehicle service.

Why This Team is Necessary to Waymo's Success:

Waymo is undergoing unprecedented growth, expanding into new cities (targeting ~20 new cities by EOY 2026) and launching new vehicle platforms. SWQOps, especially our Technical Specialists, plays a critical role in this expansion, making it possible to grow safely. You will report to a Triage team Program Manager.

The main responsibilities include:

* Support the development of a single, automated, end-to-end machine learning flywheel for the entire Waymo Driver: the core engine for scaling our technology, enabling faster ODD expansion, quicker remediation of driving issues, and a significant reduction in the engineering effort required to maintain and improve the driver.
* De-risking New Deployments: Through triage of driving events, issue discovery, and field monitoring, SWQOps provides early warnings and critical insights. This "early intervention in RO issue detection" ensures operational resilience and safety which is critical as Waymo enters multiple new cities and ramps up platforms like W12.
* Enabling Market Expansion which will allow our team is deeply integrated into every stage of Waymo's market entry framework, from initial city evaluation (OK2Plan) to scaling operations (OK2Scale). We provide the necessary data analysis, policy development, and quality assurance to unblock critical milestones, preventing slowdowns in market expansion velocity.
* Driving Engineering Velocity: By handling the vital work of performance evaluation, issue deep-dives, and data set curation, SWQOps collaborates heavily and allows Waymo's Engineering, SysEng, Simulation, and Data Science teams to focus on their core tasks of developing and improving the Waymo Driver.

**You will:**

* Partner with Engineering to design, test, and deploy cutting-edge Machine Learning (ML) and Generative AI (Gen-AI) models and tools to drive step-change improvements in issue discovery & detection, triage efficiency, and quality assurance.
* Leverage AI-powered insights and traditional triage signals to proactively identify emerging on-road issue trends, new risk scenarios, and edge cases. Develop and refine data-driven strategies for issue discovery and monitoring, enhanced by ML model outputs
* Be a main link between AI/ML development and operational execution. Define and document new policies, and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) that integrate AI tools and insights into daily vendor workflows.
* Design and implement quality control processes for both human and AI-generated outputs. Perform meta-quality checks, validate the integrity of vendor work, and provide feedback to improve both human and model performance.
* Be the subject matter expert for our Software Quality Operations, working with partners, program lead, and vendor teams to ensure seamless adoption and maximum impact of AI/ML advancements in our quality processes. Be the trusted source for creating and updating technical guidelines, and standard operating procedures for new scopes, platforms, and driving signals
* Provide technical leadership and consultation to partners to enhance our workflows and quality. You'll identify and escalate issues with our tools, providing technical requirements to engineering, and driving user testing to support the development and deployment of new tooling features.

**You have:**

* BS/BA degree or 4 years of relevant work experience in AV Software Quality Operations
* Increased competency in supporting all phases of the machine learning development lifecycle, from data preparation and training to validation, deployment, and monitoring.
* Experience with ML testing and validation, including dataset quality assurance, bias detection, edge-case scenario testing, and performance evaluation using statistical metrics.
* Implement new concepts and use proprietary tools.
* Experience with driving rules and regulations.
* Problem solve and make data-informed decisions.
* Collaborate with many individuals in a diverse work environment

**We prefer:**

* Demonstrated execution with an ability to improve outcomes
* Experience working with offshore teams / multiple local operations hubs
* Basic SQL querying
* Competency in LLM / transformer models, or ML for robotics domain experience
* A greater focus on using your subject matter expertise for results analysis and direct customer consultation in the development of new and improved solutions
* Basic skills in task planning

*In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based employees. Benefits for this role include:*

* *Health, dental, vision, life, disability insurance*
* *Retirement Benefits: 401(k) with company match*
* *Paid Time Off: 20 days of vacation per year, accruing at a rate of 6.15 hours per pay period for the first five years of employment*
* *Sick Time: 40 hours/year (statutory, where applicable); 5 days/event (discretionary)*
* *Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks*
* *Baby Bonding Leave: 18 weeks*
* *Holidays: 13 paid days per year*

This is a remote position.

US-Remote includes employees working from their primary residence in certain locations only, such as Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, DC, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. This list may not be complete or accurate, and candidates should speak with their recruiter about their specific location for remote work.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process.

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo's discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$130,000—$160,000 USD

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$130,000—$160,000 USD
