---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Sensor Simulation Platform
status: active
id: '7944317'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7944317
lastmod: '2026-06-30T17:28:50-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T17:28:50-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California ; San Francisco, California ; New York City, New
  York
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Sensor Simulator Platform Team maintains the core of the simulation pipeline that allow Waymo to drive millions of simulated miles each year. The team is responsible for both the rendering/simulation engine as well as the pipeline that lets a variety of internal customers to run SensorSim at scale.

**You will:**

* Help build and maintain efficient simulators capable of running millions of simulated miles to evalute the safety of Waymo's onboard models
* Work with multi-modal data processing and simulation, including cameras, lidar, and radar
* Interface with AI and machine learning teams that develop parts of the simulation pipeline

**You have:**

* Developed or worked with 3D game engines
* Experience in approximating the real world with data simulation, which might include physics simulation, animation capture, light transport, photogrammetry, NeRFs, or Gaussian splats
* Experience in working on efficient asset management pipelines for data storage and processing

**We prefer:**

* Prior experience in working on or integrating with ML pipelines and a general understanding of how such pipelines are trained and improved
* Experience in scaling complex data processing pipelines and an understanding of the trade-offs in structuring these pipelines to operate synchronously or asynchronously

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
