---
title: Tech Lead, Fleet Response Infrastructure
status: active
id: '7947071'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7947071
lastmod: '2026-07-02T05:48:24-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T05:48:24-04:00'
location: 'Mountain View, California, United States '
departments:
- CSI (7LV)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Fleet Response team's mission is to accelerate the safe deployment of Waymo's autonomous technology. Fleet Response operates at the cutting edge of our autonomous driving operations. In certain highly ambiguous or complex situations, the Waymo Driver can request the assistance of human Fleet Response Operators (FROs) to provide extra context and information. Those operators use a web application to receive real-time video, audio, and other telemetry from the vehicle and provide guidance back to the Driver.

We are seeking a hands-on Tech Lead to own Fleet Response’s mission-critical full-stack systems that make this real-time collaboration possible. You will lead a team of talented engineers to deliver reliable, globally-available, low-latency visualization and interaction — with a direct impact on Waymo’s autonomous fleet every single day.

You will:

* Own the end-to-end reliability and performance of mission-critical web applications used for real-time autonomous vehicle support.
* Hold core responsibility for frontend and backend infrastructure, including robust APIs and seamless integration with upstream and downstream services.
* Ensure the Fleet Response platform scales effectively to meet Waymo’s reliability, performance, and functionality requirements.
* Advise and guide cross-functional engineers across Fleet Response and broader Waymo teams to ensure optimal utilization of web application systems
* Mentor and coach junior engineers on web app infrastructure design, technical execution, and engineering best practices.
* Partner closely with Waymo SRE to drive global scalability and maintain the high availability of mission-critical, real-time platforms.

You have:

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical field of study
* 5+ years of industry experience with web applications (frontend and backend).
* Familiarity with web client architectures (Angular, TypeScript, RxJS, etc).
* Experience leading technical designs and mentoring engineers on complex, multi-quarter projects.
* Enjoyment from working closely with your users.
* A strong intrinsic motivation for reliability.

We prefer:

* Experience bringing technical and non-technical groups together.
* Experience with C++.
* Experience building high-reliability distributed systems or RPC services.
* An investigative mindset.
* A track record of successful partnerships with SRE.

#LI-Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
