---
title: Senior Manager, Product Data Science - Fleet Optimization and Orchestration
status: active
id: '7964897'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7964897
lastmod: '2026-05-29T15:53:57-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T15:53:57-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Data Science team works cross-functionally with Engineering, Product and Operations to help the company make the most informed decisions using data. Our team collaborates on high-impact projects across the company — from driving quality and operational efficiency to market analysis and rider satisfaction scores — we help to safely and efficiently scale the Waymo Driver. We are data-driven, curious, open-minded, and adapt quickly to new information.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to a Director, Product Data Science.*

**You will:**

* Set the vision for a team of Product Data Scientists
* Provide leadership to the team to execute on the vision as the company scales its commercial operations, and own the output across optimizations, statistical modelling, data analysis and ML algorithms
* Analyze complex operational and commercial data to enhance performance as Waymo scales our AV business
* Function as a thought partner with senior management and stakeholders, and align stakeholders around the vision to gain cross-functional support
* Manage prioritization of team resources to partner with cross functional teams such as Marketing, Engineering, Product, Strategy, Finance

**You have:**

* 12+ years of experience in a related technical field or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years of team management experience
* 5+ years of experience with optimization and building OR models in production
* Statistical knowledge/data intuition
* Ability to structure and solve ambiguous problems
* Coding skills and experience: Python,SQL and Data science related coding experience

**We prefer:**

* Prior experience building and managing OR/Optimization scientists
* Marketplace business experience
* Experience interacting with Product Management teams

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$272,000—$336,000 USD
