---
title: Staff Systems Engineer, Driving Behaviors
status: active
id: '7966937'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7966937
lastmod: '2026-06-03T12:59:34-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T12:59:34-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Systems (78I)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Systems Engineering team works together to blend software and hardware systems in groundbreaking new ways. We set the high performance standards that ensure our vehicles run smoothly and keep passengers safe, then design and perform the tests that validate that performance. We're looking for talented teammates who’ll help us maintain strong teamwork and are passionate about driving results.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Manager of Systems Engineering, Driving Behaviors.*

**You will:**

* Provide requirements and feedback on verifications, CLs, etc.
* Anticipate  issues and risks in your area of ownership, communicate them clearly and work cross functionally to mitigate them.
* Architect large projects with broad impact on the efficiency of the systems engineering organization.
* Build, coordinate, and nurture collaborations across teams.
* Champion intellectual honesty.

**You have:**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a relevant engineering or related field (e.g., Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics, Controls, Aerospace, etc.).
* Demonstrated ability to tackle technical challenges, analyze cross-disciplinary problems, and propose innovative, maintainable solutions.
* Experience with data collection, statistical analysis, and developing metrics to support system evaluation or improvement.
* Strong skills in creating clear and concise technical documentation and effectively presenting complex ideas to diverse audiences.
* Proven ability to contribute to or lead cross-functional initiatives, driving alignment and ensuring stakeholder engagement throughout the development process.
* Proficiency with tools like Python, MATLAB, or similar for data analysis.

**We prefer:**

* Experience with large-scale system architecture, including integrating hardware and software systems in a regulated or safety-critical environment.
* Familiarity with leveraging machine learning models for system optimization or predictive analytics.
* Experience leading cross-team initiatives, including coordinating with external vendors or partners to deliver high-impact solutions.
* Proven track record of defining and implementing process improvements that enhance productivity, test coverage, or system reliability.
* Knowledge of automotive, robotics, or related industries, particularly in areas like safety systems, motion planning, or perception systems.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
