---
title: Finance Operations Manager, Procure to Pay
status: active
id: '7966660'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7966660
lastmod: '2026-06-01T14:26:23-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T12:36:05-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Finance (64L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our Driver may be autonomous, but Waymo's finances are steered by experts like you. The Finance and Accounting group manages all aspects of our finances and serves as trusted advisors for all our strategic and enterprise endeavors. Along with managing compilation of our financial statements, looking after our cash and overseeing compliance, we partner closely with the business in overseeing company wide resource allocation, developing cutting edge compensation initiatives and generating detailed financial analyses to drive the business forward. We also develop advanced capital strategies to support the company's short- and long-term future.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Business Controller.

**You will:**

* Be responsible for setting and achieving the strategic and operational goals of key procurement processes including: procurement intake, purchase requisitions, PO management and working closely with sourcing managers and other functions
* Be accountable for all outsourced procurement work and for ensuring service level agreements are achieved
* Assist in driving key procurement initiatives to support the ongoing transformation and continuous improvement of systems and processes in the procurement organization
* Establish and maintain regular metrics reviews to drive efficiencies in cost, utilization and maintain compliance across all Procurement related activities
* Assist in managing international Legal Entity P2P set up and operationalizing required systems and processes supporting Waymo's business
* Liaise with the Business Systems Engineering team to prioritize and develop business requirements for new features and enhancements based on solution knowledge, business needs, and stakeholder feedback

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Finance, Economics, or related field
* 8+ years' experience in Finance Operations or Process Optimization
* 5+ years' experience working with procurement systems in SAP, Ariba and/or Ariba Guided Buying tools
* 5+ years' experience leading an outsourced operation

**We prefer:**

* MBA, Master's degree or professional qualifications such as Six Sigma certification and/or CPA
* Manufacturing industry experience with both direct and indirect purchasing processes
* Success working in a cross-functional, fast-paced environment and leading complex operations initiatives. Ability to independently drive and prioritize multiple initiatives.
* Experience driving cross functional teams to achieve process and system improvements
* Strong influencing skills, change and project management experience
* Excellent communication, customer service, and people skills

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$200,000—$247,000 USD
