---
title: Hardware Lead, In-Vehicle Infotainment
status: active
id: '7968179'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7968179
lastmod: '2026-06-01T18:31:39-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T15:52:37-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Compute (7LR)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Hardware Engineering is a diverse, innovative, and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are at the heart of Waymo's autonomous driving technology, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction.

Waymo's Compute Systems Team is responsible for delivering the core compute platforms to the vehicle.  This includes high performance compute, safety-critical embedded systems, infotainment, telematics, and more.  We are often at the center of the vehicle system architecture, and take on key roles in setting the vision, defining the architecture, and delivering on our products.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and will report to a Manager of Technical Program Management.

**You will:**

* Deliver world class infotainment by owning the project execution from concept to car
* Define the hardware product roadmap, and set the technical vision by partnering with Product, UX, Industrial Design, and Software Engineering
* Take on nuanced make vs buy decisions by working closely with Engineering and Supply Chain
* Drive bring-up activities, test setups, validation, and the support infrastructure needed to deliver the products
* Manage the complexities of deep technical trades and issues across mechanical, electrical, and software in architecture, design, manufacturing, and sustaining work
* Effectively apply AI-driven tools and methodologies to enhance architectural decision-making, optimize hardware design cycles, and improve the efficiency of cross-functional hardware-software integration

**You have:**

* 10+ years experience in managing and delivering complex electronic projects, and delivering to mass production
* 5+ years experience as an Electrical Engineer implementing SOC-based designs
* Deep cross-functional understanding of architecting and delivering hardware (including electrical, mechanical, and software aspects)
* Hands-on experience with infotainment hardware, including  SoC selection, A2B, audio/video codecs, serializers, displays, etc.
* Ability to read and understand software written in C++, Python, and BASH
* A willingness and desire to fill the gaps to make a project successful

**We prefer:**

* 10+ years experience in managing complex projects in the infotainment space
* 5+ years experience as an Electrical Engineer, ideally working directly on automotive or infotainment hardware
* Deployed end-to-end infotainment solutions to three vehicle platforms
* Experience with connectivity technologies (e.g. Bluetooth, WiFi), including certification and homologation
* Experience with software performance and HW resource allocation, networking, and storage
* Ability to write software in C++, Python, and BASH, as well as understanding of the Android SW stack

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
