---
title: Staff Product Data Scientist, Expansion
status: active
id: '7975386'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7975386
lastmod: '2026-06-08T20:15:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T19:28:55-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Product Data Science team works cross-functionally with Engineering, Product and Operations to help the company make the most informed decisions using data. Our team collaborates on high-impact projects across the company — from driving quality and operational efficiency to market analysis and rider satisfaction scores — we help to safely and efficiently scale the Waymo Driver. We are data-driven, curious, open-minded, and adapt quickly to new information.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to the Manager of Product Data Science.*

**You will:**

* Work with cross functional teams to better understand and propose how Waymo should be expanding its operating territories
* Build models to suggest long term territory sizes and vehicle allocation plans.
* Define and build the expansion related metrics to measure the effectiveness of our expansion plan.
* Conduct deep dive analysis to identify areas for future improvement

**You have:**

* At least 7 years of industry experience
* Coding skills in Python and SQL
* Strong communication and stakeholder & management skills
* Machine Learning and optimization algorithm experience
* Experience working with the product management and engineering teams
* Proficiency in data pipeline development

**We prefer:**

* Experience with geospatial data
* Experience with causal inference and product A/B testing.

**Travel requirements**:

* Potential to travel to pre-launch Waymo territories (5-10%)

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
