---
title: Senior Software Engineer, In-field Behavior Response
status: active
id: '7976352'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7976352
lastmod: '2026-06-02T14:09:53-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T12:33:48-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA)
departments:
- Planner (7LU)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Drive the future of autonomous driving by solving complex, on-road challenges across the behavior stack. In this high-visibility role, you’ll have a broad view of Waymo's operations, from fleet management to release deployment, as you engineer scalable solutions for one of two critical domains. In Service Quality Reasoning, you will protect Waymo's brand across pickups, drop-offs, and compliance around emergency and civic vehicles. In Intersection & Pedestrian Reasoning the focus is mitigating safety risks in high-stakes environments.

**You will:**

* Deploy to rapidly triage and root cause an active in-field issue. Directly launches features across the onboard and offboard stack to mitigate or solve the in-field behavioral issues.
* In terms of scope, we will be growing the SWEs to be most effective in Intersections/Peds and Service Quality respectively (both pretty large product areas), but depending on the urgency of the issue, they may be pulled into areas outside of this scope occasionally (e.g., Codes).
* Active members of the Onboard RRG working group, satisfying that group's responsibilities with an option to be an eng on-call member.
* When not actively deployed to solve high priority in-field production issues, works with their TLM to improve production monitoring and response capabilities of the org.

**You have:**

* BS/MS/PHD in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience
* General software engineering experience programming in C++ with robust and efficient code
* A “Breadth-First” mindset – you love learning about new things & thinking about how to make them better.
* Ability to collaborate within and across teams
* Ability to rapidly ramp up on new codebases/projects

**We prefer:**

* 5+ years of Software Engineering experience
* Experience with data mining and analysis, e.g., using SQL,, to collect & analyze data and familiarity with ML systems

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD
