---
title: Recruiter, UK
status: active
id: '7980327'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7980327
lastmod: '2026-07-08T16:22:45-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T13:28:29-04:00'
location: 'London, England '
departments:
- Recruiting (6A0)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s People team recruits and supports the world’s best talent (including, we hope, you). Our HR business partners, program administrators, staffers, and compensation specialists help our employees attain their full potential in a healthy, considerate and supportive environment.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Recruiting Lead for Onboard Engineering.*

**You will:**

* Contribute to the entire recruiting life-cycle, including sourcing activity, and make sure to build and execute against an equitable, inclusive, and accessible hiring system.
* Manage hiring manager relationships – develop partnership with the hiring manager to help define the scope of their needs, advise on leveling, and help drive the hiring manager to a hiring decision.
* Perform recruiting analyses and talent assessments to determine how best to optimize your search strategy and overall hiring productivity, making adjustments to strategy as appropriate.
* Manage candidate relationships; providing excellent candidate care and experience.
* Extend, negotiate and close offers, including making recommendations to hiring managers and champ callers on offer close strategy.

**You have:**

* 8+ years of experience doing full lifecycle technical recruiting including experience working for international companies.
* Familiarity with software engineering hiring profiles
* Aptitude for technical terminology and concepts
* Proven success closing candidates
* Experience working directly with senior engineering leadership
* Experience owning and improving hiring process
* Experience working in a startup or fast paced hiring environment
* Excellent communication skills.

**We prefer:**

* Experience recruiting for machine learning engineers
* Passion for robotics, autonomy, ML
* Experience hiring for engineers at top tier global companies
* 5+ years of experience doing full lifecycle technical recruiting including experience working for international companies.

((Remote jobs only - Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.))

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£125,000—£131,000 GBP
