---
title: Network Delivery Program Manager - Chicago
status: active
id: '7983462'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7983462
lastmod: '2026-06-09T16:36:50-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T16:36:50-04:00'
location: Remote, Chicago IL
departments:
- IT (6D3)
offices:
- Chicago
- Illinois
- Remote (US-XX-REMOTE)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Digital Transformation Services (DTS) team plays a vital role in enabling Waymo’s mission to safely and sustainably bring autonomous technology to the world. Our purpose is to build and operate a resilient, scalable, and intelligent digital infrastructure that powers both Waymo’s commercialization and day-to-day operations.  We partner closely with all business functions to ensure that technology is a strategic enabler.  Our top strategic objectives include:  
Commercialization and Scale the business, Ensure Operational Resilience and Uptime, Resiliency across mission-critical systems, network infrastructure, and cloud platforms that support both autonomous fleet operations and enterprise continuity, Lead GenAI Transformation.

The Waymo Infrastructure & Network Services **(WINS)** team’s mission is to:   
Provide reliable, resilient, secure digital infrastructure services.   
Deliver solutions with agility and speed to match Waymo mission velocity  
Innovate and transform infrastructure capabilities and services  
Collaborate with partners to execute the Driven by Waymo model

*In this hybrid role, you will report to Manager, Network Delivery*

**You will:**

* Own end-to-end planning and delivery of network build outs (scope, schedule, budget, quality) across Waymo sites, offices, and data centers.
* Translate business/engineering requirements into Engineering Design Plans (EDPs), technical project plans, key milestones, and clear RACI across network engineers, construction teams, low voltage cables, and network integrators.
* Manage vendors and contracts (RFPs, SOWs, SLAs), coordinate site work, and track hardware/circuit orders to meet delivery timelines.
* Ensure compliance and standards (security, redundancy, capacity, engineering documentation), and keep sources of truth updated.
* Report status and KPIs to leadership; run cross-functional rituals, budgets/forecasts, and drive continuous improvement for repeatable scale.

**You have:**

* A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field
* 7+ years of experience as a Network Technical Program Manager delivering multi-site build outs or data center turn ups
* Knowledge of network architecture and design principles
* Quality and compliance rigor, ability to maintain 100% as built documentation within 5 business days of go-live
* Demonstrated ability working with network/internet service providers for circuit provisioning
* Demonstrated ability working with low voltage cablers (LVCs) in a construction environment

**We prefer:**

* Construction Technical Program Management experience
* Expertise in data center operations
* Experience managing and collaborating with a network operations center
* Experience with Service Now, JIRA, or other strategic program management tools
* People Management experience - Managing teams or consultants or TPMs

**Travel Requirements:**

* 2-3 days per week local travel to sites
* 2x per quarter travel to Central US markets

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$168,000—$207,000 USD
