---
title: Senior Software Engineer, ML/Eval Data Platforms & Infrastructure
status: active
id: '7991303'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=7991303
lastmod: '2026-06-09T13:38:47-04:00'
date: '2026-06-09T13:21:44-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Planner Evaluation team works on one of the key challenges in autonomous driving: measuring and improving the quality of the software that drives the car. We are looking for experienced data-minded software engineers and data scientists to help us improve how we characterize and evaluate changes to the Onboard software stack (Planner, Perception, etc). If you are passionate about autonomous vehicles and how to use rich, complex data to drive decision making, this is the role for you!

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to *an* *Engineering Manager.*

You will:

* Develop and productionize data pipelines to generate high-quality ML and evaluation datasets, streamlining curation, sampling, and slicing for training and testing the Waymo Driver software.
* Design and implement robust tools and infrastructure for data mining, exploration, and analysis to extract insights from large-scale datasets and drive data-driven decisions.
* Architect, build, and maintain large-scale data platforms to process Waymo driving logs and simulation data, ensuring dataset generation is fresh, accurate, and complete.
* Own and execute complex projects, successfully translating ambiguous requirements into high-impact deliverables.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with Data Science and Quantitative Analytics teams to identify their data needs and engineer infrastructure solutions.

You have:

* Education: Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field.
* Experience: 3+ years of professional software engineering experience.
* Distributed Systems: Hands-on experience with systems that ingest, store, transform, and output data at scale.
* Programming Languages: Proficiency in C++ or Python within a production environment.
* Communication: Strong technical communication and collaboration skills.

We prefer:

* Experience with A/B experiment infrastructure.
* Exposure to ad-hoc data analysis utilizing SQL.
* Prior experience working within the autonomous vehicle (AV) industry.

#Hybrid

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$213,000—$263,000 USD
