---
title: 'Technical Recruiter (Product) '
status: active
id: '8002068'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8002068
lastmod: '2026-07-13T22:50:23-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T22:50:23-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- Recruiting (6A0)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s People team recruits and supports the world’s best talent (including, we hope, you). Our HR business partners, program administrators, staffers, and compensation specialists help our employees attain their full potential in a healthy, considerate and supportive environment.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Manager, Talent Acquisition.*

**You will:**

* Drive full-cycle recruitment for complex hardware and technical engineering roles
* Partner with hiring managers and senior engineering leadership to define the search and manage the pipeline.
* Source passive candidates and build strategic talent maps within the hardware, AI, AV and robotics sectors.
* Manage the candidate experience, including screening and interview preparation.
* Lead complex offer negotiation and candidate closing.
* Execute hiring processes and candidate sharing across open roles.

**You have:**

* 5+ years of experience doing full lifecycle technical recruiting, with a strong focus on hardware engineering profiles.
* Familiarity with hardware development lifecycles and hiring profiles.
* Aptitude for hardware technical terminology and engineering concepts.
* Proven success closing candidates and negotiating complex compensation packages.
* Experience working directly with senior engineering leadership.
* Experience working in a startup or fast-paced hiring environment.

**We prefer:**

* An established, active network of top-tier hardware engineering professionals.
* Experience recruiting for other technical areas outside of hardware, such as Machine Learning (MLE) or Software Engineering.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$168,000—$207,000 USD
