---
title: Sustainability and Environmental Manager, International
status: active
id: '8004261'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8004261
lastmod: '2026-07-20T12:37:09-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T20:02:28-04:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- Safety (7GB)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*The Waymo Sustainability Team oversees the company’s environmental strategy and implementation. Our goal is to empower everyone to move sustainably by expanding access to shared electric vehicles and supporting more walkable, bikeable, and transit-rich communities. To achieve this, we advance sustainability programs that maximize environmental outcomes, conduct technoeconomic environmental analyses across our fleet, and work cross-functionally across the company to implement sustainable practices throughout our product and vehicle lifecycles. Additionally, our team designs environmental standards across the value chain and executes programs that support regulatory compliance, build alignment with key stakeholders, and earn trust in the communities we serve.  
  
In this role, you will report to our Head of Sustainability & Environment.*

**You will:**

* Drive sustainability programs to meet international environmental standards and support sustainability policy goals accross a variety of functional areas of the value chain (clean energy, fleet, hardware, transit integration, etc.)
* Manage environmental compliance against regulatory requirements, drive environmental mitigations, and quantify positive sustainability impacts
* Collaborate with internal teams (engineering, operations, product) to integrate sustainability into their work as well as engaging with external stakeholders (NGOs, government agencies, industry partners) on sustainability initiatives.
* Manage international specific compliance, reporting, and verification requirements
* Communicate Waymo's sustainability efforts to internal and external audiences via presentations, reports, communications and marketing, comment letters and policy briefs.
* Support GHG inventory and mitigation models to support international expansion and ensure environmental claims are audit-ready.

**You have:**

* Strategic expertise implementing environmental compliance and sustainability programs across a complex value chain within a highly regulated industry
* A proven ability to synthesize complex environmental standards into actionable compliance roadmaps for international transportation ecosystems and large-scale fleet operations.
* The vision to develop and execute comprehensive sustainability strategies that align with long-term corporate goals by defining clear targets, identifying key initiatives, and measuring ongoing progress.
* Strong project management skills to lead sustainability initiatives from conception to completion across a variety of functional areas (clean energy, fleet, hardware, transit integration, etc.)
* The technical acumen to draft the specific requirements and frameworks needed to quantify and measure Waymo’s environmental performance and net benefits.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to seamlessly engage with diverse internal stakeholders (such as engineering and commercial teams) as well as external partners (including NGOs, government agencies, and industry peers).

**We prefer:**

* Strong background in environmental management, compliance, and risk mitigation in a highly regulated industry.
* Broad experience developing and implementing clean energy, sustainability, and lifecycle management programs.
* Demonstrated ability to build, implement, document, and optimize reporting workflows for complex operational processes.

**Travel:**

* Ability to travel up to 20-25% of the time.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£88,000—£92,500 GBP
