---
title: 'Technical Recruiter (AI + ML) '
status: active
id: '8009982'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8009982
lastmod: '2026-07-09T11:02:53-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T11:02:53-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA
departments:
- Recruiting (6A0)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Recruiting Manager for Infrastructure, Simulation, and Data Science.*

**You will:**

* Contribute to the entire recruiting life-cycle, including sourcing activity
* Build relationships of influence – partner with hiring stakeholders to define thier role and build quality talent pipelines
* Diagnose and unblock hiring obstacles through data analysis and regular reporting.
* Manage candidate relationships; providing excellent candidate care and experience.
* Extend, negotiate and close offers, including making recommendations to hiring managers and champ callers on offer close strategy.

**You have:**

* 5+ Years of experience doing full lifecycle technical recruiting at industry leading companies
* Mastery of software engineering hiring profiles and process
* Proven success closing candidates in hyper competitive markets
* Built relationships of influence with senior engineering leadership
* Experience owning and improving hiring process
* Excellent communication skills.

**We prefer:**

* Innovative use of AI tools to solve problems
* Passion for robotics, autonomy, ML

((Remote jobs only - Please note that Waymo may not be able to employ remotely in all locations. Please speak with your recruiter about your preferred location for remote work when you begin the interview process.))

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$200,000—$247,000 USD
