---
title: Product Manager, Sensing Resilience
status: active
id: '8021971'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8021971
lastmod: '2026-06-23T15:55:50-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T15:55:50-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Group Product Manager.*

**You will:**

* Define and lead the roadmap for Sensing Resilience, covering calibration scalability, multi-platform sensing validation, fault recovery, and safe driving with degraded systems
* Deeply understand Waymo’s longer-term roadmap to surface and drive longer-term needs that impact Waymo’s business, product, and safety goals
* Work closely with multiple partner teams, including Product, Perception, Hardware, Systems Engineering, Simulation/Eval, and Operations to develop creative and effective solutions to meet product goals
* Collaborate with multiple major cross-functional teams, including Freeways, Weather, and New Platforms

**You have:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science
* 4+ years of Product Management experience
* Experience developing and shipping products with a major sensing/perception component using cameras, LiDAR, or RADAR
* Ability to translate company-level goals to team-level outcomes and build a cross-functional product roadmap to meet those outcomes
* Strong sense of accountability and ownership

**We prefer:**

* Advanced degree in engineering or business (MS, MBA)
* 6+ years of Product Management experience
* Experience working in the mobile robotics industry (automated/autonomous vehicles, humanoid, etc.)
* Experience in shipping features or products that leverage large ML/AI models

**Travel:**

* Up to 5% travel. Potential 1-2 Times per year, but not required.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$241,000—$297,000 USD
