---
title: Product Manager, Growth
status: active
id: '8027001'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8027001
lastmod: '2026-06-24T18:55:23-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T18:55:23-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Group Product Manager.*

**You will:**

* Build products, features & infrastructure to support Waymo’s ability to drive our trip growth.
* Closely partner with XFN stakeholders in data science, marketing & operations to think about workflows and build tooling that improves velocity, experimentation and measurement.
* Solve a diverse set of rider growth challenges related to success & efficiency of CAC and rider incentives.
* Be a force for execution excellence, working across PMs, engineering, and cross functional partners (UX, data science, marketing, operations)
* Develop and promote our growth product strategy with senior leaders

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
* 4+ years of Product Management experience
* Proven track record of scaling consumer products
* Experience with developer AI tools, design tooling and SQL to be a force multiplier to our cross functional teams
* Analyze consumer data, put forth insights & create recommendations

**We prefer:**

* Experience working in a fast pace, early to mid stage growth environment (i.e. have dealt with small & agile eng team, ambiguity in problem statements, ability to switch gears thinking both about short term problems and longer term strategy)
* Background in Ad Tech, Paid Media and customer acquisition funnels.
* Experience with Growth Marketing teams, Mobile Measurement Partners (e.g. AppsFlyer, Kochava) and Experimentation platforms (e.g. Statsig)
* Previous experience in Ride Sharing, Consumer Tech or Autonomous Vehicles
* Management consulting background, MBA, or equivalent experience showing evidence of both strong execution and strategic background

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$252,000 USD
