---
title: Senior Product Manager, Fleet Optimization
status: active
id: '8028435'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8028435
lastmod: '2026-06-25T18:18:05-04:00'
date: '2026-06-25T18:18:05-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Group Product Manager.*

**You will:**

* Define and execute the product roadmap to optimize depot throughput and create a digital twin of Waymo’s depot resources, in collaboration with engineering and data science
* Collaborate with Sales & Operations Planning team to ensure sufficient infrastructure and charging resources are available necessary to scale Waymo’s business
* Partner with other Product Managers, UX Designers, UX Researchers to develop the UX tools and API to enable automated new depot bring-up

**You have:**

* 7+ years of product management experience, ideally with a focus on automating large scale operations
* A BS degree in in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research or a related field
* Strong analytical skills with the ability to translate complex data into actionable insights.
* Track record of excellent stakeholder management to bring disparate parts of an organization together to a unified vision and rapid execution
* Structured thinker with clear written and verbal communication skills

**We prefer:**

* A Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research or a related field
* Prior product experience in autonomous vehicles
* Prior experience in fleet or routing optimization systems or electric vehicle fleet management

**Travel:**

* Ability to travel domestically as needed (2-3x per quarter)
* Ability to travel internationally ~2x per year

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$241,000—$297,000 USD
