---
title: Event Response Global Service Delivery Lead
status: active
id: '8029653'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8029653
lastmod: '2026-06-30T19:45:38-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T16:59:46-04:00'
location: New York, NY, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- RHO - Operations Center (M6D)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- New York
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Event Response*

**You will:**

* Maintain and execute comprehensive vendor strategy aligned with Waymo's overall roadmap and business objectives. Support and advise on vendor procurement, scope expansion, and the transition or off boarding of vendors from the Waymo account.
* Provide vendors with the necessary access, tools, data, resources, and support from Waymo teams to be successful in delivery, independent operation, and strategic value add.
* Develop and implement programs that facilitate smooth interactions and collaboration with vendors and stakeholder teams. Ensure Vendor readiness for effectiveness in current markets and readiness for scale.
* Manage the process of transitioning or documenting contract workflows. Review and advise on workflows for efficiency and ensure best practices are integrated, well defined, and shared across Ops.
* Establish and maintain a robust governance framework to ensure compliance and risk management in supplier relationships, change management and quality control. Support contract amendments and keep contract requirements current to the state of the operation.
* Understand and manage exception handling for off nominal requirements or special events that arise throughout the operation.

**You have:**

* 10+ years with program/vendor management in operations, strategy, and planning.
* Bachelor's degree in business or related field or equivalent practical experience.
* 5+ years of Business process outsourcing experience
* Demonstrate excellent problem-solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills with experience in applying project management tools
* Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work with and influence cross-functional teams and external partners
* Ability to deal with multiple conflicting priorities and stakeholder issues while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions

**We prefer:**

* 8+ years experience leading outsourcing engagements, experience scaling outsourcing engagements and bringing immature operations to maturity
* Masters Degree in Business Administration
* Experience with Continuous Improvement Activities
* Exceptional quantitative skills and understanding of supply & demand modelling

**Travel:**

50% of the time domestic and international

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$234,000 USD
