---
title: Staff Product Data Scientist, Infrastructure
status: active
id: '8034894'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8034894
lastmod: '2026-06-29T12:51:51-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T12:51:51-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo's Product Data Science team works cross-functionally with Engineering, Product and Operations to help the company make the most informed decisions using data. Our team collaborates on high-impact projects across the company — from driving quality and operational efficiency to market analysis and rider satisfaction scores — we help to safely and efficiently scale the Waymo Driver. We are data-driven, curious, open-minded, and adapt quickly to new information.

*This role follows a hybrid work schedule and you will report to the Director of Product Data Science.*

**You will:**

In order to expand our service to larger territories and to multiple cities, we need quantitative frameworks to acquire the right type of infrastructure (chargers, parking lots, depots) in the right places at the lowest cost, and optimize the efficiency of existing infrastructure. This role is responsible for:

* Building and maintaining data science models to help make data driven infrastructure decisions
* Design and implement quantitative measurement frameworks to assess the efficiency of our infra footprint and identify areas for improvement
* Collaborate with XFN partners on Supply Operations to ensure we consider the relevant business and product context alongside the model output to make the best decisions for Waymo

**You have:**

* Solid background and applied work experience in operations research, optimization, or supply chain
* Master’s degree in a highly quantitative field (e.g., Operations Research, Optimization, Supply Chain, or a related discipline)

**We prefer:**

* Ph.D. in Operations Research, Optimization, Supply Chain, or a related quantitative field

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$230,000—$284,000 USD
