---
title: 'Emergency Management Program Manager '
status: active
id: '8036947'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8036947
lastmod: '2026-07-09T19:32:16-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T14:09:54-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Tempe, AZ, USA
departments:
- RHO - Operations Center (M6D)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Event Response.*

**You will:**

* Own the end-to-end operational control, training, SOP development, and growth of the Emergency Response Team, including supporting the Escalation Manager Ops On-Call program both domestically and internationally.
* Improve real-time workflows for critical field events, integrate emergency protocols with Business Continuity Plans, and develop and implement strategies to optimize bandwidth during a market crisis.
* Develop and maintain Emergency Action Plans, build, publish, and audit site-specific procedures and ensure all facilities have the required readiness equipment, redundancy, and tooling.
* Serve as the primary liaison for Public Safety Answering Points including establishing specialized communication lines for planned and unplanned events
* Coordinate the planning and mitigation for natural disasters, severe weather, and geopolitical risks, while driving continuous improvement leveraging tabletop exercises, full-scale drills, and post-event After-Action Reviews.
* Continuously optimize paging, handoff processes, and crisis-throttling tools (such as suppressing or market-allocating incoming requests) to maximize agent bandwidth and prioritize events causing significant community impact during an active crisis.

**You have:**

* 8+ years in operations, program management, emergency and disaster planning
* 3+ years experience building, scaling, or managing global on-call programs, Business Continuity Planning, escalation pathways, or large-scale Emergency Response Teams
* Bachelor’s degree in Emergency Management, Homeland Security, Public Policy, Operations Management, or a related field (or equivalent practical experience)
* Deep knowledge of developing, publishing, and maintaining site-specific Emergency Action Plans and seamlessly integrating them into broader Business Continuity Plans
* A proven track record of scaling emergency response teams, on-call programs, and escalation management frameworks across multiple domestic and international regions
* Experience managing emergency response, incident management, or physical safety operations within a tech company, ride-sharing platform, autonomous vehicle (AV) company, or large logistics/fleet network

**We prefer:**

* Background working directly with public safety agencies, emergency services (PSAPs), law enforcement, and city officials to coordinate safety efforts during major public events or crises
* Certifications such as Certified Business Continuity Professional (CBCP), Associate Business Continuity Professional (ABCP), or structural frameworks like FEMA’s National Incident Management System (NIMS) / Incident Command System (ICS) (specifically ICS 100, 200, 700, 800)
* Experience managing queue prioritization, tooling outages, and operational bandwidth (e.g., dynamically throttling or routing support requests by market during a localized crisis

**Travel:**

* Up to 25% to visit ERT sites, occasional travel to Waymo HQ in MTV

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$234,000 USD
