---
title: Product Partnerships Development Manager- In car experience
status: active
id: '8036781'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8036781
lastmod: '2026-07-16T19:34:11-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T19:34:11-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Partnerships/BD (PPL)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Business Development and Partnerships team helps plan Waymo’s dynamic future and drive the company’s go-to-market strategy. We work cross-functionally and leverage quantitative and qualitative analysis to build forward-looking partnerships that deliver on Waymo’s strategic business objectives. As a member of this entrepreneurial and results-oriented team, you will have a significant impact on defining, developing and executing Waymo’s commercial deployment.

In this hybrid role, you will report to Senior Partnerships Manager

**You will:**

* Lead business development for the next generation of in-car experience partnerships, expanding into new vertical categories.
* Source, structure, negotiate, and execute high impact partnerships that enhance Waymo's in-car passenger experience.
* Serve as the primary operational point of contact for a portfolio of existing in-car experience partners.
* Collaborate with partner teams, such as Product, Engineering, UX, and Marketing, to ensure partner integrations are technically viable, seamlessly integrated into the Waymo app and in-car screens, and positioned consistently with the Waymo brand.

**You have:**

* 6+ years in Business Development, Product Partnerships, or Strategic Partnerships, ideally within the tech, media, entertainment, or gaming sectors.
* Demonstrated experience executing transactional deals and commercial contracts from sourcing through implementation.
* Strong history of navigating internal product, design, and legal workflows to push projects past the finish line.
* Exposure to managing or executing partnerships across international borders or global regions.
* Strong commercial acumen with experience structuring and negotiating complex contracts from scratch.
* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.

**We prefer:**

* Experience specifically within connected vehicle ecosystems, mobile apps, digital entertainment, or localized consumer tech.
* Strong analytical skills with the ability to turn passenger data into partnership strategies.
* Master's degree or MBA.
* A passion for UX/UI and a clear vision for how digital experiences can elevate physical journeys.

**Travel Requirements:**

Travel will be required, 10%-20% of time

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$144,000—$177,000 USD
