---
title: Account Executive- Waymo for Business
status: active
id: '8036812'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8036812
lastmod: '2026-07-14T14:44:12-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T14:44:12-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- Partnerships/BD (PPL)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Business Development and Partnerships team helps plan Waymo’s dynamic future and drive the company’s go-to-market strategy. We work cross-functionally and leverage quantitative and qualitative analysis to build forward-looking partnerships that deliver on Waymo’s strategic business objectives. As a member of this entrepreneurial and results-oriented team, you will have a significant impact on defining, developing and executing Waymo’s commercial deployment.

The Waymo for Business team is bringing the power of Waymo to corporations. We are a new, fast moving team focused on B2B partnerships, offering Waymo's autonomous rideshare service to corporate clients for commute programs, business travel, and special events. As a founding member of the sales team, you will focus on mid-market and enterprise accounts and be responsible for building our customer base from the ground up. You will manage a complete sales cycle and help to define the GTM motion for a new category of corporate transportation.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Strategic Partnerships Development Manager

**You will:**

* Own a revenue target and all aspects of the sales cycle from first touch (inbound and outbound) through to close.
* Focus on Mid Market and Enterprise customers (500+ employees), with an ability to flex up and down to all customer segments.
* Handle customer onboarding and launch coordination for your accounts, ensuring a successful launch and revenue generation.
* Develop sales collateral, proposals, and presentations to effectively position Waymo for Business, and continuously drive process improvements that optimize sales productivity.
* Inform product roadmaps and features by gathering customer feedback. Provide market insights that strengthen our value proposition and enhance the customer experience,

**You have:**

* 3+ years of Account Executive/closing experience in B2B tech sales, with a history of exceeding quota.
* An extreme ownership mentality and bias for action. You are excited to build a new product and sales motion from the ground up.
* Experience navigating complex commercial-stage requirements including security, legal, and procurement.
* Ability to excel at outbound pipeline generation and full-cycle sales motions, including discovery, demo and closing.
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to present confidently and build connections across all customer levels, from ICs to C-level executives.
* Experience using Salesforce or similar CRM tools to track customer activity, pipeline, and forecasting.

**We prefer:**

* Experience managing consumption based technology solutions where revenue is tied to platform adoption or usage.
* Strong adaptability and comfort operating in an environment where playbooks and workflows are actively evolving.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$144,000—$177,000 USD
