---
title: Strategy & Ops Manager, Marketplace & Demand Ops Enablement
status: active
id: '8038560'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8038560
lastmod: '2026-07-09T15:17:15-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T12:02:27-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes inclusivity and celebration. We value diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences; recognize that inclusive actions lead to equitable outcomes; and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

The Demand Operations team keeps the pulse on community sentiment and service quality. The core function of the Demand Ops Program Manager is to ensure that Waymo maintains a positive presence in the community by minimizing disruptions to events, reporting on market health to internal stakeholders, partnering with Engineering and Product to optimize pickup and dropoff experience at top locations, and build relationships with community members.

**This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Head of Demand & Service Quality Ops.**

**You will:**

* Develop Marketplace Ops Metrics & Reporting: Partner with Product & Product Data Science to design how Ops will report on Marketplace metrics, maintaining rigor in understanding how we serve customers and generate demand and enabling regional Demand Ops Managers to own their metrics.
* Support Marketplace Roadmap: Partner with Product, Engineering and Product Data Science to influence the roadmap for marketplace levers.
* Design Operational Mitigations Marketplace Challenges: Investigate issues impacting our marketplace and develop scalable processes for Regional Demand Ops Managers to mitigate issues within their markets.
* Enable Regional Demand Ops Managers Training: Own onboarding and training for Regional Demand Ops Managers, vendors and partners to ensure operational parity across all markets.
* Process QA: Develop and oversee a Quality Assurance process to ensure Regional Demand Ops efforts achieve strong and consistent results and consistency across Internal, Partner and Vendor outputs.
* Drive Cross-functional Improvements: Act as a leader for the Demand, Service Quality and Marketplace Ops strategy. Identify gaps in the current processes and partner with Regional Ops teams, Marketing/BD/Policy, Product/PDS/Eng, and more to build scalable processes and product/tooling solutions.

**You have:**

* 8+ years of experience in Strategy & Operations, Consulting, Marketplace Ops, or Business Intelligence.
* Analytical Rigor: Proficiency in SQL or advanced data modeling to interpret complex datasets and drive operational improvements.
* Mastery of Scalability: Proven track record of taking a manual process and turning it into a repeatable, documented "playbook" or framework. You don't just solve a problem once; you build the playbook and the tool so it stays solved across 10+ markets.
* Strategic Communication & Stakeholder Management: Ability to communicate with both executives and vendor teams, and lead large-scale, cross-functional project teams through high-pressure situations.
* Technical Literacy: Comfort working with Product/Eng teams to define requirements for internal tools and data visualization.
* Risk Management: Experience identifying and mitigating operational risks in physical environments or public-facing operations.
* Bachelor’s degree (Business, Operations, or related field).

**We prefer:**

* Marketplace Experience: Direct experience managing marketplace operations.
* AV/Mobility Experience: Previous experience in AV, mobility technology, urban planning or transportation.

**Travel Requirements:**

* 15%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
