---
title: Product Partnerships Manager- Transit and Demand Integrations
status: active
id: '8039229'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8039229
lastmod: '2026-07-16T19:34:26-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T19:34:26-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York City, NY, USA;
  Washington, D.C., USA
departments:
- Partnerships/BD (PPL)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
- Washington DC (US-WAS-CAP)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Business Development and Partnerships team helps plan Waymo’s dynamic future and drive the company’s go-to-market strategy.  We work cross-functionally and leverage quantitative and qualitative analysis to build forward-looking partnerships that deliver on Waymo’s strategic business objectives. As a member of this entrepreneurial and results-oriented team, you will have a significant impact on defining, developing and executing Waymo’s commercial deployment.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Partnerships Manager

**You will:**

* Act as the primary strategic relationship manager for transit and demand partners, driving continuous integration and roadmap alignment.
* Conceptualize, negotiate, and scale integration initiatives that establish Waymo as a seamless first-and-last-mile bridge to existing public transit hubs.
* Evaluate, structure, and pilot strategic partnerships across the microtransit and paratransit sectors, ensuring autonomous mobility becomes more accessible, equitable, and inclusive as the service scales.
* Head emerging conversations and evaluate partnership frameworks with national and international transit agencies, municipalities, and mobility networks to expand Waymo’s global footprint.
* Work in lockstep with Waymo’s Policy, Strategy, Legal, Sustainability, and Product teams to navigate complex local/international regulatory landscapes, draft novel framework agreements, and track transit-positive product metrics.
* Translate public sector requirements and partner feedback into clear, actionable product requirements.

**You have:**

* Proven experience structuring, negotiating, and executing complex public-private partnerships or commercial agreements that marry private technology with public sector deployment goals.
* Demonstrated track record of working directly with public transit authorities, municipalities, or government entities (domestic or international) to deploy programs or services.
* 8+ years of professional experience in product partnerships, business development, or corporate development, preferably within the mobility, transit-tech, smart cities, or enterprise SaaS ecosystems.
* Proven track record of managing stakeholders or expanding market initiatives internationally, specifically within regulatory or operational frameworks.
* Demonstrated ability to lead complex, multi-stakeholder commercial contracts from initial discovery through to execution.

**We prefer:**

* Deep understanding of the public transit landscape, MaaS (Mobility-as-a-Service), or public-private mobility integrations.
* Strong ability to collaborate with product and technical teams to define integration scopes, APIs, or user experience journeys.

**Travel Requirements:**

* This role requires 20% travel

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$177,000—$218,000 USD
