---
title: Engagement Marketing Manager
status: active
id: '8042096'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042096
lastmod: '2026-07-09T17:34:59-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T17:34:59-04:00'
location: 'Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Playa Vista, CA, USA '
departments:
- O-Marketing-Corp (0K5)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- New York City (US-NYC-CHEL)
- Playa Vista (US-PLV-BLUFFS)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

On the Waymo Marketing team, you will help to connect people with the magic and impact of Waymo's autonomous driving technology. Our team has the unique opportunity to not only grow Waymo's brand from the ground up, but to also build societal acceptance for autonomous driving technology for the first time in history. We build thoughtful marketing strategy, positioning, messaging and creative assets to deliver messages that matter to our audience, communicated through anything from video content, to social media interactions, to immersive physical experiences. We also shape Waymo's go-to-market initiatives, helping to transform Waymo into a thriving business with a growing user base.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Engagement Marketing Lead.

**You will:**

* **Strategy & Program Ownership:** Develop and manage complex lifecycle marketing campaigns across email, push, and in-app messaging, and oversee new programs that increase engagement, retention, and LTV utilizing a mix of promotional and non-promotional messaging.
* **Segmentation & Personalization:** Leverage audience insights to build sophisticated segments, ensuring highly relevant content for diverse rider cohorts.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:** Partner closely with Product, Data Science, Product Marketing and Brand Marketing to ensure our message is consistent and supported across owned channels.
* **Measurement:** Measure impact of campaigns, report on learnings and recommend strategic next steps to reach growth goals.
* **Content Creation:** Lead the development of compelling, brand-aligned content and manage the technical setup of campaigns and creative assets.

**You have:**

* **Experience:** 10+ years of lifecycle or CRM experience within the B2C tech space.
* **Strategic Thinking:** Demonstrated experience leveraging data to drive expansion and managing end-to-end campaigns within fast-paced, dynamic settings.
* **Analytical Capabilities:** Strong analytical skills, including SQL proficiency for data extraction and audience segmentation, combined with the ability to assess experiment performance, promotion efficiency, and LTV.
* **Technical Expertise:** Hands-on experience with marketing automation platforms and model-based deployment; prior experience developing these systems in-house is a plus.
* **Content Design:** Deep understanding of design fundamentals and content creation, enabling you to author compelling messaging and efficiently direct creative teams on asset requirements.

**We prefer:**

* Experience at another ride hailing or marketplace company.
* Experience at a high-growth company that has quickly scaled marketing initiatives internationally

**Travel Requirements:**

* 10% - quarterly team meetings

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$210,000—$259,000 USD
