---
title: Cybersecurity Counsel
status: active
id: '8042508'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042508
lastmod: '2026-07-14T16:35:35-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T16:35:35-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Managing Counsel.

**You will:**

* Develop risk-based approaches to cybersecurity compliance that balance legal risk mitigation and regulatory requirements with business objectives.
* Partner effectively with Security, Engineering, Safety, and Product teams on vulnerability management, threat analyses, and cybersecurity risk assessments.
* Spearhead the evolution of Waymo’s cybersecurity incident response and reporting program in connection with the domestic and international expansion of its autonomous vehicle operations.
* Drive efforts to manage cybersecurity risk effectively within the company’s supplier and partner ecosystem and promote supply chain security.
* Support internal and external audits, assessments, and regulatory inquiries related to cybersecurity compliance.
* Monitor emerging cybersecurity laws, regulations, executive orders, and agency guidance, and lead business-focused compliance efforts.

**You have:**

* Law degree (LLB, LLM, or JD), plus at least 5 years of experience counseling on cybersecurity matters with a law firm, government agency, or in-house legal department.
* Excellent written and oral communication skills with ability to explain complex legal and cybersecurity issues cogently to technical and non-technical audiences, including executives.
* Experience advising clients on cybersecurity compliance and incident response programs (e.g., ransomware events, supply chain compromises, and insider threats), including incident containment, forensic investigations, and reporting programs for complying with federal, state, and international laws and regulations.
* Experience with supply chain cybersecurity risk management, including advising on third-party security risk assessments, preparation of SBOMs and HBOMs, and supply chain cybersecurity.
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail; ability to manage a significant workload with competing deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
* Proficiency and comfort navigating ambiguity and developing effective, business-oriented solutions to managing legal and cybersecurity risk; enthusiasm for winning together as a team and working collaboratively with legal and non-legal stakeholders.

**We prefer:**

* Extensive knowledge of applicable standards for cybersecurity, including NIST CSF, ISO 27001, and/or ISO 28000.
* Experience engaging with regulators, such as CISA, FBI, or state attorneys general, on cybersecurity matters.
* Experience advising on security risk management in connection with AI/ML systems, operational technology, cyber physical systems, critical infrastructure, or autonomous systems.
* Cybersecurity or information security certifications (e.g., CISSP, CISM).
* Experience advising and participating in incident response teams in connection with cybersecurity attacks.
* Technical background in cybersecurity or demonstrated experience working closely with security engineers and professionals.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
