---
title: Commercial Counsel
status: active
id: '8042495'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042495
lastmod: '2026-07-15T15:54:48-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T15:54:48-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As Commercial Counsel for Waymo, Alphabet’s self-driving car business, you will be responsible for negotiating and closing commercial agreements to help drive our business forward. You will work on varied and exciting legal issues related to self-driving cars that require creative and proactive legal guidance. You will be part of an adaptable, dynamic and creative group of in-house lawyers, and the projects you take on will challenge you to think big and differently. You are collaborative - ready to partner in initiatives that influence all aspects of the business and work with teams from all over the company. In this role, you will support our entire organization, including our partnerships team, our supply chain team, and our engineering team.

In this hybrid role, you will report to a Senior Counsel.

**You will:**

* Review, draft and negotiate a variety of commercial agreements, with a focus on strategic partnership agreements designed to depoly the Waymo Driver with partners domestically and internationally.
* Respond promptly to legal requests from business development and strategic partnerships, product, supply chain,  engineering, sourcing, finance, marketing, and other clients, summarizing and communicating legal concepts in a clear and concise manner.
* Advise business and cross functional stakeholders on legal issues that may include regulatory issues, agreement structures and approval processes, product liability, company policies and procedures, IP, and negotiation strategy.
* Support the continuous improvement of Waymo and the legal department by identifying and implementing improvements in processes, forms and operations.

**You have:**

* JD degree and must be admitted to the bar in which position is located and in good standing or otherwise authorized to practice law (e.g., have registered in-house status) in the state in which the position is located.
* 4+ years of experience advising on commercial agreements, strategic partnerships and intellectual property matters.
* Experience drafting and negotiating tech transaction commercial agreements; licenses, supply chain agreements and services agreements.
* Experience in another specialist subject area of law (for example but not limited to employment, intellectual property, corporate, or competition).
* Direct knowledge and experience advising clients from strategic partnerships, business development, hardware supply, R&D or fast-paced new technology companies.
* Excellent analytical, communication and organizational skills, and demonstrated ability to manage several simultaneous projects under deadline pressure. Ability and interest in developing expertise in new, complex subject areas.

**We prefer:**

* Experience drafting and negotiating agreements for the development and deployment of autonomous vehicles
* Experience as commercial counsel at technology companies seeking to rapidly scale a nascent and highly regulated technology.
* Background negotiating and drafting commercial agreements with complex revenue-sharing arrangements.
* Prior experience with commercial agreements where the counterparty is a vendor, partner, and competitor.

Travel Requirements:

* Up to 15%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
