---
title: Regulatory Counsel
status: active
id: '8042491'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042491
lastmod: '2026-07-13T17:12:30-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T17:12:30-04:00'
location: Washington D.C., USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Washington DC (US-WAS-CAP)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo One, a fully autonomous ride-hailing service, and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over one million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving tens of millions of miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across several U.S. states. As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business from technology ideation through scaled

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Managing Counsel.

**You will:**

* Develop vision, strategy, and implementation for complying with a range of regulations - this includes interpreting legacy legal and regulatory frameworks that didn’t contemplate our novel technology and advising on new laws and regulations developed with AVs and related emerging technology in mind.
* Advise on matters primarily U.S. federal matters, with an emphasis on areas of greatest need (e.g. legislative review and drafting of proposed legislation and regulations). This role will also support international regulatory matters.
* Engage in cross-functional planning efforts to ensure that regulatory compliance and strategy are properly incorporated into the project roadmap.
* Respond to novel questions of law on various topics, including issues that may be new to you and/or the company.
* Provide counsel on proposed legislation and regulations and in negotiations among stakeholders.  Collaborate with our Policy team on advocacy strategies for engaging with regulators and policymakers.

**You have:**

* Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from an accredited law school and an active bar membership
* 5+ years of experience as an attorney at a firm, in-house at a company, or in government.
* Experience with regulatory and legislative matters (e.g. engaging in rulemaking processes, advising on legislative bill text, building regulatory compliance programs for a rapidly scaling company with a range of partners).
* Ability to learn quickly and adapt as the technology and regulatory landscape evolves.
* Exceptional written and spoken communication skills.
* Ability to collaborate with and ingest input from cross-functional partners.
* Experience generating nuanced and pragmatic advice for novel or ambiguous legal issues.
* Experience as a self-starter and getting things done.
* Ability to dig into the details and nuances of the law, while at the same time deeply understanding the bigger picture of the legal, policy, and business landscapes.
* Desire and ability to learn how our complex technology works and apply that knowledge in your legal interpretations and advice.

**We prefer:**

* Experience advising on U.S. federal regulatory or legislative matters.
* Experience working on emerging technology issues, bonus for experience with technology that impacts safety and/or non-users of the technology.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 5%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$251,000—$310,000 USD
