---
title: Program Manager, Regulatory Readiness & Enablement
status: active
id: '8042093'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042093
lastmod: '2026-07-09T11:55:02-04:00'
date: '2026-07-09T11:55:02-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Regulatory Compliance (CBU)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Lead, Regulatory Readiness & Enablement.

**You will:**

* Support the Waymo Driver's compliance with global vehicle traffic laws and regulations ("Road Rules")
* Manage intake and update of compliance requirements and communications between internal stakeholders and outside counsel
* Manage electronic recordkeeping of requirements, software updates, change logs, and similar
* Assist in the identification of new or changed laws and regulations
* Work closely with Waymo's engineers, lawyers, and other cross-functional stakeholders to maintain the Road Rules program
* Escalate and track identified issues to resolution

**You have:**

* At least 4 years experience focusing on vehicle codes, systems requirements, or working as a paralegal focused on similar issues
* Demonstrable organizational skills, preferrably within Jira or other similar project and workflow management tool
* Experience working with legal teams and engineers or product managers
* An appreciation for traffic rules and road safety
* A highly collaborative, creative, and organized mindset, with action-oriented problem solving skills
* Strong curiosity or instinct to automate processes where possible

**We prefer:**

* Education and working experience in law
* Experience assembling, managing, and communicating regulatory requirements to stakeholders in a highly dynamic, fast-paced, and often ambiguous environment
* Willingness to roll up your sleeves and do what needs to be done, and an ability to conceptualize and operationalize new processes that improve and/or close gaps in existing flows with a bias toward automating as much as possible
* Demonstrably strong project or program management skills
* High EQ with a personally responsible, team player mentality

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$137,000—$169,000 USD
