---
title: International Brand Media & Analytics Manager
status: active
id: '8042090'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042090
lastmod: '2026-07-15T16:54:10-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T08:23:31-04:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- O-Marketing-Corp (0K5)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

On the Waymo Marketing team, you will help to connect people with the magic and impact of Waymo's autonomous driving technology. Our team has the unique opportunity to not only grow Waymo's brand from the ground up, but to also build societal acceptance for autonomous driving technology for the first time in history. We build thoughtful marketing strategy, positioning, messaging and creative assets to deliver messages that matter to our audience, communicated through anything from video content, to social media interactions, to immersive physical experiences. We also shape Waymo's go-to-market initiatives, helping to transform Waymo into a thriving business with a growing user base.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Brand Media & Analytics Lead.

**You will:**

* Lead the strategy and deployment of high-impact brand media across digital (CTV, programmatic video, paid social) and high-visibility offline channels (linear TV, OOH, cinema, local sponsorships) to build market-wide familiarity.
* Oversee localized media campaign deployment across all global markets, ensuring on-time delivery against objectives while driving cross-market efficiencies and alignment with broader global goals.
* Partner on full-funnel media strategy alongside the Growth team ensuring brand media flights create a high-intent audience pipeline that performance marketing can efficiently retarget and convert into active riders.
* Manage and track strategic allocation of brand media budget balancing upper-funnel brand health goals with lower-funnel acquisition needs to maximize overall marketing efficiency.
* Guide global agency partners in developing media plans that build brand awareness and trust while maintaining the agility precise targeting and frequency caps required for performance-adjacent scaling.
* Work cross-functionally with growth and data teams to build unified audience segmentation strategies and map how upper-funnel brand investments directly impact downstream growth metrics, including foundational MMM (Mixed media modeling).

**You have:**

* 10+ years of experience managing large-scale paid media campaigns with a proven track record of successfully running brand-building initiatives that directly accelerate growth marketing velocity.
* Subject matter expertise across diverse global markets' media landscapes, platforms, and emerging opportunities, to provide ongoing media education for the marketing organization.
* Deep operational knowledge of both brand-heavy mediums (Out-of-Home, linear/connected TV, audio) and highly targeted digital platforms (Meta, YouTube, TikTok, programmatic DSPs).
* Proven ability to drive comprehensive agency governance by managing contractual agreements and annual assessments, while maintaining day-to-day oversight of agency partners to guarantee accountability against performance deliverables and strict creative standards.
* Strong fluency in brand health tracking (awareness consideration trust) coupled with a solid understanding of performance metrics (CAC, LTV, conversion rates, and ROAS).
* Exceptional communication skills with a track record of aligning global creative teams, product marketing, growth and finance teams around a singular cohesive media narrative.

**We prefer:**

* Prior experience driving integrated marketing for high-density localized marketplaces like ride-hailing micromobility or on-demand delivery networks.
* Thrive in a rapidly evolving competitive and regulatory landscape with the capacity to ensure media plans launch on-time while proactively adjusting plans to respond to shifting market conditions or business needs.
* Experience scaling brand media footprint into brand-new geographic territories where localized operational constraints require agile geo-fenced media deployment.
* Advanced measurement capabilities including Media Mix Modeling (MMM), Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA), and matched-market lift testing help prove the economic value of brand media on long-term performance.
* An intuitive sense of how to use paid media to overcome consumer skepticism and mainstream a completely novel transit category.
* Deep familiarity utilizing Google’s advanced enterprise tools (e.g. Display & Video 360 Ads Data Hub YouTube Select) to execute highly sophisticated brand campaigns.

**Travel requirements:**

* As required, ~ 15%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£132,000—£139,000 GBP
