---
title: Legal Specialist - Litigation
status: active
id: '8042485'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8042485
lastmod: '2026-07-15T15:58:11-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T15:58:11-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Legal (67B)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Assistant General Counsel.

**You will:**

* Organization, collection and management of information related to product litigation matters, internal investigations, legal holds, pre-litigation claims, and third party requests, including discovery and governmental requests for information
* Partner with counsel to guide internal stakeholders and custodians on the litigation and investigations  process, and help with preparation for pre-trial and trial testimony.
* Lead, and as needed develop, and proactively streamline, processes and dashboards, keeping organized and timely the team’s litigation, investigations, and claims efforts, taking ownership of case files and preparation of documents and letters as needed to drive matters to conclusion.
* Innovate and improve internal processes across the legal team related to knowledge management, document and data storage, and coordinate with client teams to optimize document practices and drive legal reviews.
* Flex to the Legal Operations team as needed to support billing, vendor management and tooling initiatives, including potentially managing complex cross-functional projects that support the legal department’s continuous improvement efforts.
* Keep abreast of the current trends to support and advise on the adaption and the implementation of record retention and other best practices, including the use of AI.

**You have:**

* Detailed and in-depth understanding of the litigation life-cycle, experience managing offensive and defensive litigation team efforts, overseeing outside counsel updates, and coordinating all aspects of ediscovery processes, workflows and best practices, including experience with the latest ediscovery technology.
* 5+ years of prior litigation experience with a law firm and/or in-house legal department.
* Excellent communication skills and ability to partner effectively at all levels of the company and cross-functionally, including executives and technical staff.
* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail; ability to manage a significant work load for multiple internal stakeholders with competing deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
* High level of enthusiasm for winning together as a team, driving achievement while being business-focused, and working collaboratively with legal and non-legal stakeholders.

**We prefer:**

* Experience working with or at an automotive and/or technology company.
* Experience supporting and partnering with product counsel and regulatory teams.
* Experience supporting product litigation and investigation matters, with focus on product liability.
* In-house and/or trial experience.
* Experience responding to governmental requests for information, and/or other torts, commercial, employment, or IP litigation experience.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 10%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$152,000—$187,000 USD
