---
title: FP&A Analyst - Cost Management
status: active
id: '8047503'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8047503
lastmod: '2026-07-16T21:27:01-04:00'
date: '2026-07-16T21:27:01-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Finance (64L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our Driver may be autonomous, but Waymo's finances are steered by experts like you. The Finance and Accounting group manages all aspects of our finances and serves as trusted advisors for all our strategic and enterprise endeavors. Along with managing compilation of our financial statements, looking after our cash and overseeing compliance, we partner closely with the business in overseeing company wide resource allocation, developing cutting edge compensation initiatives and generating detailed financial analyses to drive the business forward. We also develop advanced capital strategies to support the company's short- and long-term future.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Senior Financial Analyst.

**You will:**

* Lead end-to-end budgeting and forecasting processes for real estate and facilities-related business units
* Partner with cross-functional teams to manage operational spend, provide financial insights, and support strategic decision-making
* Coordinate closely with accounting teams to manage month-end close activities, ensuring accurate accruals and financial reporting integrity
* Monitor and drive forecast accuracy through rigorous variance analysis (Actual vs. Plan vs. Forecast) and proactive financial risk management
* Oversee purchase order (PO) management and spend compliance, ensuring all corporate expenses are properly coded, approved and tracked
* Drive scalable process improvements, implementing financial tools and workflows to streamline cost tracking and reporting

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Business, Accounting, Finance, Economics or related field, or equivalent experience
* 5-8 years of experience in FP&A business partnering and ownership of end-to-end budget management processes
* Experience creating full annual budgets for large organizations and business groups
* Track record of creating scalable processes, implementing procurement/financial tools, and reducing manual efforts
* Attention to detail for ensuring costs are accurately coded and tracked towards budget, and an understanding of accounting rules and how expenses should be treated based on spend types
* Track record of driving systemic operational transformations, shifting from short-term cost savings to sustainable, long-term run rate reduction

**We prefer:**

* Experience supporting highly transactional cost centers, such as facility management, real estate operations, or related infrastructure organizations
* Ability to operate independently (i.e. forecasting) and fully own relationships with business partners
* Proven track record of managing vendor spend and ensuring compliance with budget constraints

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$137,000—$169,000 USD
