---
title: Head of Workplace Strategy and Services
status: active
id: '8048991'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8048991
lastmod: '2026-07-08T03:35:08-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T03:35:08-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA; San Francisco, California, USA
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our cars may be self-driving, but Waymo’s dynamic working environment is steered by experts like you.As our Head of Workplace Strategy and Services you will be responsible for the delivery of large-scale operations and portfolio-wide programs ensuring and facilitating the successful delivery of a consistent service program in an extremely fast paced environment with a high degree of ambiguity. You will ensure seamless delivery of workplace strategy, headcount planning, user experience, lab management, and company-wide events.

*This role reports to our Director of Global Workplace & eMobility*

**You Will:**

* Occupancy Planning: Architect and execute a multi-year global workplace strategy that serves as a physical manifestation of Waymo’s safety-first and innovation-led mission, directly supporting engineering teams (hardware & software). Establish global Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and KPIs that utilize workplace analytics to predict trends, optimize specialized space utilization (labs, depots, and offices), and justify infrastructure investments to executive leadership.
* Organizational Scaling: Lead, scale, and inspire a global multidisciplinary organization. Foster a high-performance culture by mentoring senior leads and building a talent pipeline capable of navigating the complexities of growing offices, proving grounds, and lab infrastructure.
* Change Management & Cultural Stewardship: Act as a primary steward of Waymo’s culture, leveraging the workplace as a strategic tool to drive employee retention, talent acquisition, Employee Resource programs and cross-functional agility.
* Portfolio-Wide Financial Oversight: Direct a multi-million dollar OPEX/CAPEX budget with a focus on Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) and rigorous ROI analysis, ensuring workplace investments yield measurable gains in engineering velocity and operational uptime.
* Future-Proofing & Tech Integration: Pioneer the adoption of emerging workplace technologies and sustainable practices (ir Building Automation, Call Center Strategies), ensuring Waymo’s physical environments are as advanced and efficient as the autonomous technology we deploy.

**You Have:**

* BA/BS degree in related field such as Facilities Management, Business Management, or Engineering
* 10+ Years of Account Management or Outsourcing Management experience
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to present in a formal setting, and ability to adapt communication to articulate program goals to a wide audience in a simple, straightforward way
* Understand technological advances, change management, organizational leadership and compliance requirements, and each supports/drives workplace strategies

**We Prefer:**

* Certification or Industry Designation in Project, Engineering or Facilities Services
* Experience in mixed use environments - office, industrial, labs or manufacturing
* Demonstrable PM skills; able to advance projects with undefined scope, influence and align stakeholders

**Travel requirements:**

* This role requires travel approximately 35% of the time. Specifically, the employee will be expected to travel between Bay Area and Washington DC locations as part of their job responsibilities.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$226,000—$278,000 USD
