---
title: Escalation Manager
status: active
id: '8049816'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8049816
lastmod: '2026-07-22T14:47:52-04:00'
date: '2026-07-22T14:47:52-04:00'
location: Tempe, AZ, USA
departments:
- RHO - Operations Center (M6D)
offices:
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes inclusivity and celebration. We value diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences; recognize that inclusive actions lead to equitable outcomes; and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

In this hybrid role, you will report to the Head of Event Response and will be based in Phoenix, AZ.

**You will:**

* Serve as the primary operations leader and escalation point for high-priority safety and operational issues. Make real-time, safety-driven judgment calls regarding fleet and rider issues to protect the community and general public. Resolve complex situations under pressure by balancing risk, safety, and operational continuity.
* Partner with local leadership, Engineering, and Safety to direct immediate response actions and ensure business continuity. Act as the "single source of truth," providing authoritative updates and clear communication to executive stakeholders. Lead Operations teams in the swift execution of escalation pathways and response plans.
* Collaborate in structured post-incident reviews, capturing root causes, corrective actions, and lessons learned. Translate findings into updated policies, workflows, and playbooks that strengthen future responses. Proactively identify recurring trends and propose improvements to operational systems and processes. Lead daily shift and weekly reporting for notable and significant events, ensuring appropriate follow-up. Provide feedback to product/quality teams and consult on technical decisions by analyzing trade-offs, understanding alternative risks, and benefits.
* Standardize escalation frameworks and decision playbooks to ensure consistency across all markets and partners. Maintain in-house technical knowledge retention and ensure strict compliance with safety and regulatory standards. Coordinate product releases with vendor teams, managing change management and performance tracking for new capabilities.
* Model composure and decisive leadership while managing high-pressure, critical incidents.Champion a culture of safety and accountability across internal teams and vendor partners. Serve as a trusted advisor to leadership and a mentor to frontline teams during and after escalations.

**You have:**

* Proven experience in high-pressure operational environments such as network operations, aviation, emergency response, or critical infrastructure.
* Mastery in real-time critical thinking and de-escalation, with the emotional intelligence to prioritize safety and operational continuity during complex incidents.
* Exceptional verbal and written skills, with the ability to provide authoritative direction to cross-functional teams and deliver concise briefings to executive leadership.
* Experience with workflow management tools, escalation systems, and knowledge management practices. Proficiency in operating communication and a variety of SW tools and emergency response protocols and interpreting large sets of data to extract trends and analysis.
* Bachelor's degree, or in lieu of a degree, an additional 4+ years of work experience with program management in operations, strategy, and planning
* Candidates should be willing and able to work rotating shifts, including nights, weekends, and holidays, to ensure 24/7 coverage to support the operations.

**We prefer:**

* Experience in Leading Command Center/Dispatching:  Previous experience as a leader in emergency role is preferred, as it provides a foundation for handling emergency calls and coordinating with emergency responders effectively.
* Certification in Emergency Telecommunications (Preferred): While not always required, certification in emergency telecommunications or a related field demonstrates proficiency in dispatch procedure
* Previous experience in law enforcement or operations / emergency services with specialized training in de-escalation and managing high-distress scenarios.
* Prior exposure to the autonomous vehicle or rideshare industry

**Travel requirements:**

* Up to 5% for team events and site visits

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$159,000—$196,000 USD
