---
title: Machine Learning Engineer, Sensor Pipelines
status: active
id: '8051390'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8051390
lastmod: '2026-07-20T20:00:28-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T16:03:11-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Perception (7LT)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

The Perception team at Waymo builds technology that powers the Waymo Driver. Our software allows the Waymo Driver to perceive the world around it, make the right decision for every situation, and deliver people safely to their destinations. We conduct research to address real-world problems and collaborate with research teams at Alphabet. We have access to millions of miles of driving data from a diverse set of sensors, enabling software engineers like you to develop multi-modal models and techniques at scale.

The Sensor Pipelines team applies sensor fusion and ML approaches to address critical challenges in Perception; like detections of Collisions, Antagonistic Behaviors like Vandalism, Sensing Occlusions, etc. Our work involves cutting-edge research (Gen AI) to solve real-world problems and requires close collaboration with onboard teams across Alphabet. We have access to millions of miles of driving data from a diverse set of sensors, enabling engineers like you to develop sophisticated models and techniques at scale.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to a Technical Lead Manager.

**You will:**

* Apply sensor fusion, machine learning techniques to build multi-modal sensor fusion architectures and spatial-temporal representation learners to solve real-world challenges
* Develop and deploy machine learning models, including using Generative Artificial Intelligence (Gen AI) system, and non-ML systems to solve those challenging problems
* Develop data mining, labeling, training and eval pipelines to support the onboard development
* Collaborate and work in partnership with product, infra and research teams across Waymo

**You have:**

* Bachelors in Computer Science or a similar discipline, or an equivalent amount of deep learning experience
* 3+ years experience in Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision
* Experience with C++ and Python
* Experience with ML frameworks like PyTorch or JAX

**We prefer:**

* MS or PhD Degree in Machine Learning, Robotics, Computer Science or a similar discipline
* Publications at top-tier conferences like CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ICLR, ICML, ICRA, IROS, RSS, NeurIPS, AAAI, IJCV, PAMI
* Github repositories or Tech Blogs of LLMs/ VLMs

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$175,000—$215,000 USD
