---
title: Strategic Partner Manager, Commercialization
status: active
id: '8052332'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8052332
lastmod: '2026-07-13T17:50:49-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T17:50:49-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, USA; San Francisco, California, USA
departments:
- Partnerships/BD (PPL)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to the Manager of Commercial Growth Partnerships.*

**You will:**

* Identify and execute high-impact growth partnerships across demand channels and fleet operations to accelerate ridership and expand Waymo’s commercial footprint in current and future markets.
* Proactively manage a diverse portfolio of partnerships, implementing scalable solutions to maximize mutual value, enhance operational efficiency, and hit critical growth milestones.
* Act as a central bridge between internal Product, Marketing, Legal, and Finance teams to ensure complex partnership requirements are aligned with Waymo’s strategic goals and technical capabilities.
* Build and maintain trusted relationships with external partner stakeholders and executive leadership teams
* Utilize an analytical and entrepreneurial mindset to research and maintain a robust pipeline of opportunities, bridging the gap between early-stage "building" and large-scale real-world impact.

**You have:**

* 6+ years of professional experience, including 4+ years in high-impact business development or strategic partnerships within the technology, mobility, or ride-hailing sectors.
* Proven experience scaling partnerships with major commercial entities, such as travel platforms, mobility-as-a-service  providers, or large-scale fleet operators.
* Deep expertise in architecting, negotiating and managing complex, first-of-their-kind commercial agreements and strategic partnership frameworks that drive revenue or user acquisition.
* Demonstrated ability to lead and influence high-performing cross-functional teams
* Experience working closely with operations and product teams to ensure partnership models are grounded in operational feasibility and scalable execution.
* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience in a business, analytical, or related field.

**We prefer:**

* Deep understanding of the autonomous vehicle, ride hailing or broader mobility industries
* Experience developing and successfully implementing scalable solutions to complex problems within a rapidly-evolving organization
* Experience bringing nascent / pre-commercial technology to market

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$177,000—$218,000 USD
