---
title: Operations Analyst, Demand Operations & Service Quality
status: active
id: '8053284'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8053284
lastmod: '2026-07-11T00:38:28-04:00'
date: '2026-07-11T00:38:28-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA, USA
departments:
- RHO - Market Mgmt (GWE)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo Operations exists to deliver the Waymo Driver to the world. We are a global team building and scaling the world's first and leading autonomous fleet and operations platform. From component sourcing to end customer management, we enable and create value for Waymo through scaled and orchestrated deployment of the Waymo Driver. At Waymo, we are dedicated to building a culture that promotes collaboration and celebration. We value our team members' unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences and support and encourage all team members to share their ideas to help Waymo better serve the communities in which we operate.

The Demand Operations & Service Quality team drives conversion, retention and utilization within local markets via metrics design and oversight, issue mitigation, and key demand opportunities. The **Ops Analyst, Demand Operations & Service Quality** will provide analytical and operational support across the entirety of the Demand Ops & Service Quality team, with a focus on understanding top rider pain points, building dashboards for Ops Managers to self-serve data, investigating escalated metrics, and supporting marketplace enablement.

This role reports to the **Head of Demand Operations & Service Quality.**

**You will:**

* Lead analytical reporting cadences for the Demand & Service Quality Operations team - preparing key reports, diagnosing issues, and identifying opportunities for improvement
* Drive key projects to deep dive on operational challenges and improve business outcomes; support local operations managers with insights to elevate the service in their markets
* Design and develop metrics & dashboards to enable operations managers to understand and self-serve data; leverage AI to improve data analysis efficiency
* Create opportunities to upskill local operations managers in data analysis
* Communicate business results and insights to cross-functional partners and leadership
* Partner with cross-functional teams (e.g., Product Data Science, Product Management, User Research, etc.) to gain alignment on opportunities

**You have:**

* **5-10 years** of experience in analytical roles, with a keen interest in advocating for the solutions your analysis produces
* **Analytical rigor**: Exceptional data visualization, quantitative, and analytical modeling skills (e.g., expert level in SQL, Excel / Google Sheets required) and the ability to build data-driven business cases to make operational improvements
* **Strong communication skills:** Exhibit comfort presenting to senior leadership and mastery in collaborating across stakeholder groups
* **Bridge between data & operations:** Ability to bridge gaps between Data Science and Operations teams to ensure insights drive operational success and continuous improvement
* **Curiosity!** Unending curiosity about the metrics you set out to investigate and a desire to keep pulling the thread until you’ve figured out what’s going on
* **Comfort with Ambiguity:** Thrive in a "0 to 1" environment by bringing structure to messy, undefined data and building foundational reporting frameworks from the ground up.
* **Knowledge Multiplier:** Go beyond individual contribution by serving as our analytics expert and teaching our team how to effectively deploy AI tools to upskill and elevate our collective data literacy.
* Bachelor’s degree (Business, Operations, Data Science, Mathematics or related field).

**We prefer:**

* Experience in a high-growth technology or mobility company
* Expert-level SQL skills to query and model complex datasets, with experience building intuitive, ad hoc dashboards for operational self-service
* Familiarity with Python, R, or similar statistical programming languages is a plus
* Previous leveraging data to drive operational improvements
* Previous experience in AV, mobility technology, urban planning or transportation.

**Travel requirements:**

* Candidates should be willing and able to travel up to **10%** to visit local markets.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$130,000—$160,000 USD
