---
title: Product Manager, New Geo Evaluation
status: active
id: '8055975'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8055975
lastmod: '2026-07-13T17:06:23-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T17:06:23-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, US; San Francisco, CA, US
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF680)
- San Francisco (US-SFO-MKT555)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Waymo’s Product Management Team is a mission-driven team responsible for writing and enacting first-of-their-kind playbooks to bring fully autonomous driving technology to market. Our team develops simple solutions for complex problems by orchestrating cross-functional efforts to safely drive Waymo’s technology and the products it enables forward. We do this by understanding the customer, the business, and the technology. We are humble about the scope of our work, collaborative in our approach to problem-solving, and ambitious about our vision for the future.

*In this hybrid role, you will report to a Group Product Manager*

**You will:**

* Understand our users -- there are many different ways we leverage simulation and on-road data to make decisions at Waymo: improve models that drive the car, assess our performance in a new environment or validate the readiness of a new vehicle platform. Each of these decisions requires a commitment to safety
* Work with a team of world class data scientists, engineers, machine learning practitioners to evaluate the safety and quality of our driving behavior in a data-driven way.
* Power the launch of the Waymo Driver in new environments, especially new international markets, by designing and executing an evaluation plan for critical new scopes and/or driving behaviors.
* Land features throughout simulation (such as synthetic data generation, sensor simulation and simulated agents) to increase signal and improve our ability to learn from simulation
* Work closely with Onboard developers who use our products to assess their launches in simulation: build products that leverage simulation to increase the confidence, quality and speed of onboard launches.

**You have:**

* 5+ years experience working on AV, Robotics, or products that utilize Machine Learning or AI
* Experience in analytical roles or AI / ML roles, interacting with data scientists
* Experience working in distributed systems, data infrastructure and/or cloud computing
* Ability to think about long-term product vision, and then decompose that into concrete, actionable plans with cross-org alignment

**We prefer:**

* Experience with Simulation or Evaluation of AVs, Large Foundational Model training / evaluation pipelines or the evaluation / experimentation platforms for large production systems (Ads, Search, Ranking, etc..)
* Experience launching new features in an evaluation / experimentation platform used by Data Scientists or engineers
* Experience building tools, especially simulation or eval platforms used by engineers and / or data scientists. Emphasis on building simple, guided User Experiences.
* Master's degree in a technical or engineering field, or equivalent practical experience

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$204,000—$252,000 USD
