---
title: 'Silicon Validation Manager '
status: active
id: '8056411'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8056411
lastmod: '2026-07-17T15:12:52-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T15:12:52-04:00'
location: Bangalore, Karnataka, India
departments:
- Compute (7LR)
offices:
- Bangalore (IN-BLR-RMZ)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

At Waymo, we are designing the custom compute platform that runs the Waymo Driver, powering millions of rider-only trips and navigating over 100 million miles on public roads. When you are  deploying custom silicon for safety-critical physical systems, the responsibility is great. You need absolute correctness, exhaustive coverage, and a relentless focus on continuous improvement. To achieve this, the Waymo Compute team is scaling worldwide. In this role you will shape the future of AI/ML hardware acceleration by guiding the validation of a cutting-edge SoC.

*This role is primarily in-office and reports to Head of Silicon.*

**You will:**

* As a Silicon Validation Manager, you will lead the group focused on post-silicon validation of custom ML SoCs. You will set strategy and coordinate resources, planning, and execution for the team.
* You will strategize, review, and execute test plans for silicon systems and subsystems. You will own silicon bring-up, new product introduction (NPI), and sustaining efforts. You will serve as the central coordination point between your team and systems teams, including hardware, software, manufacturing, and supply chain. You will also manage relationships with vendors and contract manufacturers.
* You will verify that silicon meets functional and performance requirements and own qualification, characterization, and deliverables for post-silicon, including interfaces, compute cores, power, and performance. You will debug issues, suggest fixes, and ensure silicon meets quality and reliability requirements throughout the entire product life-cycle.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
* 10+ years of hands-on experience in silicon bring-up and validation and/or product characterization as a product development engineer.
* 5+ years of experience managing a silicon development team and leading post-silicon projects, including planning, execution, and team formation, mentorship, and coordination.
* Experience as a manager or technical leadership for new product introduction in custom silicon.
* Proficiency with Firmware development, C++, and Python.
* Experience  with lab equipment and debug tools, such as oscilloscope, protocol analyzer, JTAG debugger, etc
* Ability to work effectively within cross-functional and cross-site teams, strong communication and documentation capability.

**We prefer:**

* Master's degree or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science, with an emphasis on computer architecture.
* Experience with the entire silicon development life-cycle related to Silicon Validation, architecture and design requirements, DFx features, tapeout, planning and readiness for post-silicon, and execution of post-silicon.
* Experience bringing silicon to high-volume manufacturing and sustaining programs.
* Experience in direct Silicon design or verification, and understanding of SystemVerilog.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

₹9,250,000—₹11,000,000 INR
