---
title: Facilities Operations Manager, Structured Testing
status: active
id: '8056217'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8056217
lastmod: '2026-07-14T19:16:51-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T19:16:51-04:00'
location: Tempe, AZ, USA
departments:
- GPS Offices/Labs/Mfg (69Z)
offices:
- Tempe (US-TEM-WRT1033)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

Our cars may be self-driving, but Waymo’s workplace services and facilities are steered by the GPS team. The GPS team manages a portfolio that includes oversight of executing multiple teams, strategic business planning with regional site leads, and developing programs to support Waymonaut’s environment and productivity. The team is responsible for the delivery of large-scale operations and portfolio-wide programs ensuring and facilitating the successful delivery of a consistent service program in an extremely fast-paced environment with a high degree of ambiguity.

In this role, you will report to the Global Head of Facilities and Occupational Safety.

**You will:**

* Demonstrate executive-level management capabilities, leveraging strategic thinking and leadership to ensure the delivery of high-standard services across all functions, departments, and business units.
* Drive end-to-end process design and implementation to achieve and maintain exceptional critical uptime SLAs across an expanding portfolio, with results consistently reported to executive stakeholders.
* Author and manage critical reporting systems and executive dashboards, meticulously gathering and analyzing data to define, measure, and report on key success metrics for GPS operations and programs across all global locations.
* Cultivate strategic partnerships with external and internal stakeholders (Vendors, Business Leads, Finance, Sourcing, Legal) to meticulously gather business requirements and define robust program objectives that align with executive expectations.
* Exercise rigorous governance over key contracts, consistently overseeing and reporting on service delivery outcomes through comprehensive KPIs, executive scorecards, and detailed operational reporting across all service lines, including space management, project teams, and technology operations.

**You have:**

* BA/BS degree in related field such as Facilities Management, Business Management, or Engineering
* 10+ Years of Account Management or Outsourcing Management experience
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to present in a formal setting, and ability to adapt communication to articulate program goals to a wide audience in a simple, straightforward way
* Understand technological advances, change management, organizational leadership and compliance requirements, and each supports/drives workplace strategies

**We prefer:**

* Certification or Industry Designation in Project, Engineering or Facilities Services
* Experience in mixed use environments - office, industrial, labs or manufacturing
* Demonstrable PM skills; able to advance projects with undefined scope, influence and align stakeholders

**Travel Requirements**:  
This role requires travel approximately 35% of the time. Specifically, the employee will be expected to travel between Waymo’s structured testing locations in California and Ohio as part of their job responsibilities.

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$200,000 USD
