---
title: Program Manager, UK Regulatory
status: active
id: '8062544'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8062544
lastmod: '2026-07-17T21:04:27-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T15:09:01-04:00'
location: 'London, United Kingdom '
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- London (UK-LON-40BR)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to Strategic PMO, Lead.

**You will:**

* Lead and drive permitting programs across Regulatory, Legal, Policy space, working cross-functionally with teams such as Product, Safety, Engineering, Ops, etc in new markets in the United Kingdom
* Prioritize / manage / drive timelines, risks, and dependencies; resolve misalignments with overall scope and schedule
* Proactively identify and reduce business-critical blockers, including compliance and regulatory challenges that may impact ability to operate
* Keep stakeholders across Waymo informed and aligned; represent programs to senior leadership and partner with them to remove blockers

**You have:**

* 5+ years experience managing complex programs where precision and attention to detail are critical to success
* Experience leading large Regulatory/Legal programs across Product, Safety, Engineering, Ops, etc.
* Ability to navigate ambiguity and drive clear decision-making
* Strong leadership skills, and clear verbal and written communication
* Significant expertise in scaling processes within complex, growing areas

**We prefer:**

* Expertise within autonomous vehicles or automotive space
* Experience with international and/or multinational regulatory frameworks
* Experience within regulatory or political spaces, including highly-regulated industries
* Experience with road safety, design, or transportation planning

The expected base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level.  Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

£92,000—£96,500 GBP
