---
title: Regional Head of U.S. State and Local Policy, WEST
status: active
id: '8065639'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8065639
lastmod: '2026-07-15T11:26:14-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T11:26:14-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- O-Policy-Corp (67C)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

As part of Waymo's Legal team, you will work on the exciting legal issues surrounding our transformational autonomous driving technology and help drive our business lines forward from technology ideation through scaled commercial deployment. We partner with our public policy, safety, security and privacy experts to define transportation policy for the autonomous driving world to come, advising on regulatory changes that support and protect our users around the world. We collaborate with our engineering, product, strategy and operations teams to develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio and drive our corporate and commercial transactions. We ensure compliance with an increasingly complex and dynamic range of global regulations. And we anticipate, mitigate, and litigate high-profile and precedent-setting legal matters.

In this hybrid role, you will report to an Assistant General Counsel.

**You will:**

* Lead, mentor, and develop a high-performing team of regional public policy managers driving state and local legislative and regulatory goals across the Western region.
* Synthesize regional political intelligence and regulatory developments into actionable, strategic insights for senior leadership and cross-functional teams.
* Partner with cross-functional leaders (Legal, Communications, Product, Safety) to align policy initiatives with core business objectives and protect Waymo's freedom to operate in key markets (CA, AZ, TX).
* Formulate and execute the comprehensive policy roadmap and strategic priorities for the Western U.S., including rigorous budget allocation and resource optimization.
* Oversee state consultant networks and represent Waymo's interests as a leading voice in industry trade associations, coalitions, and public forums.
* This role reports directly in the Director of U.S. State and Local Policy and Public Policy Campaigns.

**You have:**

* Bachelor's degree in Public Policy, Political Science, Law, Communications, or a related field;
* 10+ years of progressive experience in government affairs, public policy, or political advocacy, with a proven track record of managing policy issues in tech, transportation, or highly regulated sectors.
* Expert knowledge of state and local legislative processes and political dynamics in the Western U.S., supported by a deep, established network of political stakeholders.
* Demonstrated capability to diplomatically translate complex technical and regulatory concepts into persuasive advocacy strategies for diverse audiences.
* Exceptional executive communication, negotiation, and stakeholder management skills.
* Proven experience managing substantial government affairs budgets, optimizing resources to achieve strategic policy victories.
* Extensive experience directing contract lobbyists and managing strict compliance with state and local lobbying disclosure and ethics regulations.

**We prefer:**

* Direct experience in autonomous vehicle (AV) policy, emerging mobility, or advanced technology regulation.
* Advanced degree
* Proven track record of managing and coaching people managers or senior policy professionals.
* Prior experience serving in government, legislative offices, or regulatory agencies.
* Experience leading policy initiatives within a fast-growing, innovative technology company.
* Expansive, active political networks and direct legislative advocacy experience across key expansion states in the Western, Southwestern, and Midwestern U.S.

**Travel Requirements:**

* Up to 40%

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$210,000—$259,000 USD
