---
title: Staff Software Engineer (TLM), Fleet Response
status: active
id: '8067489'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8067489
lastmod: '2026-07-20T12:17:10-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T12:17:10-04:00'
location: Tokyo, Japan
departments:
- Simulation (7XW)
offices:
- Tokyo (JP-TOK-STRM)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

**You will:**

* Develop systems to detect issues in the field not only specific to the Japanese driving environment but across all of Waymo’s international markets.
* Hire, mentor, and lead a small team of software engineers, fostering a culture of high ownership, technical excellence, and rapid execution.
* Build systems and tools to help monitor the fleet as Waymo continues to scale including new software roll outs, new geos and new platforms.
* Partner closely with Data Science, Onboard Software, Mapping, and other engineering teams to identify system bottlenecks and design end-to-end technical solutions.
* Lead strategic investments to improve the quality of existing diagnostic signals, ensuring they scale seamlessly across all of Waymo's geographies and Operational Design Domains (ODDs).

**You have:**

* BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field of study.
* 5-7+ years of hands-on software development experience building highly scalable, reliable, and performant systems.
* 1-2+ years of experience directly managing and mentoring software engineering teams.
* Strong system design capabilities and fluent coding skills in C++, Python, and SQL.
* Proven ability to tackle highly open-ended technical and system design challenges with a structured, first-principles approach.
* Growth mindset, eagerness to learn, and a genuine excitement for the future of autonomous driving.
* Professional or native-level fluency in both Japanese and English to seamlessly bridge communication across international markets.

**We prefer:**

* Deep familiarity with driving dynamics, local infrastructure, and road environments in Japan (specifically Tokyo), with an intuitive understanding of local traffic etiquette and pedestrian behavior.
* Prior experience in mapping, localization, geospatial engineering, or high-volume data pipelines within the autonomous vehicle, robotics, or geographic information systems (GIS) industries
