---
title: Senior Program Manager, Expansion
status: active
id: '8070184'
source: greenhouse
url: https://careers.withwaymo.com/jobs?gh_jid=8070184
lastmod: '2026-07-17T20:54:52-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T20:05:20-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA, USA
departments:
- Product (78L)
offices:
- Mountain View (US-MTV-EMF690)
---

Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with the mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Since its start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has focused on building the Waymo Driver—The World's Most Experienced Driver™—to improve access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. The Waymo Driver powers Waymo’s fully autonomous ride-hail service and can also be applied to a range of vehicle platforms and product use cases. The Waymo Driver has provided over ten million rider-only trips, enabled by its experience autonomously driving over 100 million miles on public roads and tens of billions in simulation across 15+ U.S. states.

This role follows a hybrid work schedule and reports to the Head of Commercialization Program Management.

You will:

* Lead international expansion programs, building robust and scalable structures to bring Waymo to more countries
* Drive and own critical path for cross-functional activities into future countries, including, but not limited, to vehicle, software, regulatory, compliance, policy, external engagement, and partner readiness
* Orchestrate deliverables across internal and external teams, improving workflows and processes where needed
* Proactively identify and remove business-critical risks and dependencies
* Keep stakeholders informed and aligned, represent programs to senior leadership, and escalate when needed to remove blockers

You have:

* 7+ years of experience managing highly complex cross-functional programs
* Experience driving international expansion programs with a holistic understanding of market-entry functions (ie. Product, Engineering, Operations, Legal, Policy, External Engagement, etc)
* Strong leadership skills, and clear verbal and written communication, alongside the ability to navigate ambiguity and drive decision-making
* Significant expertise in scaling processes within complex, growing areas

We prefer:

* Expertise in external partner engagement and market expansion
* Expertise within SW program management
* Expertise within autonomous vehicles or automotive space
* Experience scaling business in high-growth phases
* Experience launching in international markets
* German-speaking OR Spanish+French-speaking

Travel requirements:

* Occasional domestic/international travel

The expected base salary range for this full-time position across US locations is listed below. Actual starting pay will be based on job-related factors, including exact work location, experience, relevant training and education, and skill level. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the role location or, if the role can be performed remote, the specific salary range for your preferred location, during the hiring process. 

Waymo employees are also eligible to participate in Waymo’s discretionary annual bonus program, equity incentive plan, and generous Company benefits program, subject to eligibility requirements.

Salary Range

$190,000—$234,000 USD
