---
title: Senior Technical Delivery Manager
status: active
id: '7722185003'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/primerai/jobs/7722185003
lastmod: '2026-05-17T14:09:45-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T12:16:35-04:00'
location: Remote; San Francisco, California, United States; Washington, District of
  Columbia, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Remote
- San Francisco, CA
- Washington, DC
---

Primer exists to make the world a safer place.  We do this by providing trusted decision-ready AI to the world's most critical organizations.  Our software enables leaders, operators, and analysts to better understand the changing world around us in real time and make informed decisions when the stakes are high.  Primer has offices in San Francisco, Pasadena, CA and Arlington, VA.  For more information, please visit <https://primer.ai/>

As a **Senior Technical Delivery Manager (TDM)**, you’ll guide client engagements from ideation to deployment for some of the world’s largest enterprises. You’ll be responsible for understanding client needs through data, conversations, and any other means necessary. You’ll work closely with Engineering, Design, and Sales.  You’ll face problems that require a mix of technical knowledge, creativity, critical thinking, and business acumen.

To strengthen our growing delivery team, we are looking for an experienced TDM who is passionate about transforming technology into critical business value. The TDM will partner with and work closely with engineering teams and the client to orchestrate the delivery of our flagship solution. This role will consider applicants from either the Washington DC Metro Area or San Francisco Bay area.

**Role Responsibilities - How You Will Make An Impact:**

* **Orchestrate:** Work with clients, the business, and engineers to set strategy and collect and prioritize requirements.  Manage requirements documentation, milestone mapping, prioritization, and communication to facilitate project collaboration.
* **Execute:** Work with data scientists, machine learning engineers, software engineers, and designers to build products that delight our customers.Proactively identify assumptions, dependencies, issues, risks and drive discussions across the team to develop mitigation plans and implementation paths. Maintain compliance with IT and security policies and procedures.
* **Strategize:** Think widely about potential applications of machine learning and natural language processing techniques, translating capabilities built for individual clients into new features or customization options for our core products.

**Relevant Skills and Experience:**

* 5+ years of experience in a professional environment, ideally within a SaaS-based company
* Proven success managing large-scale enterprise data integration projects that are highly technical and cross-functional in nature
* Skilled in gathering and prioritizing requirements, leading scope discussions, and aligning on project priorities  
  Comfortable working across internal functions (Engineering, Product, Security, Compliance, Customer Experience, etc.) and with external client stakeholders
* Strong technical understanding with the ability to contribute to system design conversations and drive enterprise data and architecture initiatives
* Experience working with DoD or public sector clients and understanding of relevant processes (e.g., FedStart, ATO)
* Must hold an active Top Secret (TS) security clearance; TS/SCI strongly preferred

**Bonus Points:**

* Familiarity with machine learning workflows and core data science concepts (e.g., classification vs. regression, feature engineering, model selection and tuning, deployment considerations)
* Understanding of ML algorithms, database structures, or data pipeline development
* Background in coding or working closely with engineering teams

The annual cash compensation range for this position is US$180,000 to US $220,000.  Final compensation will be determined based on experience and skills and may vary from the range.

*Primer works closely with the U.S. defense and intelligence establishment. Any offer of employment is conditioned on an applicant or employee being able to meet any applicable government contract requirements. The company may rescind any offer of employment to an applicant or terminate an employee if the applicant or employee is unable to perform the functions of the position in compliance with applicable government contracts or if an applicant or employee makes a false attestation of compliance.*

**What We Offer**

We are a series D funded company with investors from Addition, USIT, Lux Capital, Amplify Partners, Addition Capital, Bloomberg Beta, and others.  We are intentional around building a diverse and inclusive team of subject matter experts to better advocate for the needs of our users. 

We care a lot about our work and about the well being of our team. We encourage everyone to work at a sustainable pace and have a flexible vacation policy for team members to utilize, Wellness Days and 100% paid leave for parents of growing families.

We offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits. This includes full medical, dental, and vision coverage, fertility benefits through Carrot, mental health coverage on demand with Headspace Care+, Gympass+ Membership via Wellhub, One Medical Membership, 401(k), remote work stipends, and monthly internet allowance.

---

Primer is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information.

If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at info@primer.com.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
