---
title: Staff Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '5780475004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5780475004?gh_jid=5780475004
lastmod: '2026-05-13T17:37:31-04:00'
date: '2026-01-23T17:20:16-05:00'
location: Austin, Texas
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**  
  
We're looking for experienced staff electrical engineers to drive our electronics developments for the Apollo humanoid robot. We value first-principal thinkers who embody creativity, humility, integrity, passion, and curiosity. We are primarily interested in candidates who have developed and released products to the market in robotics, automotive, medical, personal electronics, or enterprise spaces. In this job role, you will own electronic systems from ideation through design, testing, and into mass production.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* Architect high-level system electronics while being able to dive deep into the details of PCBA development and component selection.
* Lead engineering initiatives as a technical lead. Mentor junior and senior engineers.
* Collaborate with leadership, program management, and cross-functional teams to plan and execute company strategy.
* Innovate by bringing new core technologies, test practices, and processes into electrical engineering developments.
* Define, simulate, and verify electronics and electrical system requirements.
* Design, simulate, implement, and test multi-layer mixed signal PCBAs.
* Rapid prototyping of electrical systems at both system and board levels.
* Generate design documentation such as schematics, block diagrams, test plans and procedures, fabrication and assembly drawings.
* Design hardware to meet functional safety requirements, implementing redundant systems, fail-safe mechanisms, and diagnostic features to meet or exceed industry safety standards.
* Conduct performance benchmarking and power analysis to optimize the hardware for maximum efficiency and thermal management.
* Develop and execute comprehensive validation and test plans, design necessary test fixtures, and execute rigorous testing to confirm compliance with performance specifications and regulatory standards (e.g., FCC, CE, UL).
* Participate in the debugging and root cause analysis related to hardware and software defect resolution.
* Drive excellence in EMI/EMC/SI/PI and DFM/DFA.
* Manage 3rd party relationships with vendors, contract manufacturers, and external design services.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Demonstrated leadership ability as a technical lead or manager.
* Proven experience in architecting and shipping electronics products in mass production.
* Experience with product lifecycle management and PLM systems such as Arena.
* Competent in CAD tools including Altium or similar tools.
* Proven experience designing, prototyping, and debugging PCB/PCBAs as well as interfacing with manufacturing groups during release/build.
* Extensive experience with electronics lab tools and simulation tools (ex: LTSpice, PSpice).
* Excellent communication (verbal & written); will be expected to develop detailed build assembly instructions and diagrams.
* Excellent problem-solving and hardware debugging skills.
* Hands-on experience with prototyping and testing, including the use of lab equipment.
* Travel up to 10% within the US and internationally.
* Experience with robotics or designing electronics for lightweight, space-constrained systems is a significant plus.

**PREFERRED SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Prior experience designing electronics for lightweight, space-constrained systems
* Experience implementing embedded systems on robots and troubleshooting hardware
* Knowledge of emerging technologies such as AI accelerators or quantum computing is a plus

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* Bachelors, Masters, or PhD degree (or equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or related field.
* 8+ years of experience in electronics development.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
