---
title: Senior Engineer - Product Validation
status: active
id: '5813722004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5813722004?gh_jid=5813722004
lastmod: '2026-05-02T01:00:36-04:00'
date: '2026-02-26T11:24:31-05:00'
location: Austin, Texas
departments:
- Systems & Validation
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**

We are seeking an experienced Senior Engineer to lead and execute our Product Validation roadmap and drive rigorous testing of our general-purpose robots. This is a unique opportunity to have a large impact at a high growth start-up. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, with a successful track record of leading engineering design verification and product validation of electro-mechanical products, we’d love to speak with you.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* Lead the development of Verification & Validation procedures and test scripts and ensure traceability to engineering and product requirements.
* Document verification & validation results and partner with systems and design engineers to recommend corrective actions and obtain stakeholder acceptance of validation results.
* Lead and validate the performance and reliability of Apptronik’s general purpose robots during product development.
* Ensure that testing processes and procedures comply with industry standards and regulatory requirements.
* Summarize and present complex test results to drive actionable plans.
* Build test automation processes to improve efficiency and reduce cycle time.
* Collaborate with 3rd party laboratories to ensure rigorous validation of Apptronik’s products across safety, certification, and product requirements.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Demonstrated in-depth expertise in engineering design verification and validation.
* Expertise in leading verification and validation of industrial robots or similar electro-mechanical systems.
* Hands-on design and/or testing experience of electronic, mechatronics or electromechanical products, subsystems, or components.
* Expertise in root cause analysis and reliability growth.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
* Experience designing specialized test equipment and test fixtures.
* Expertise using thermal chambers, HALT chambers, shaker tables, and power analyzers.

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* Bachelor’s degree in engineering. Master’s degree in engineering preferred.
* 7+ years of relevant professional experience

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times.
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen.
* Hearing and speech to communicate.

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
