---
title: Field Service Engineer
status: active
id: '5978913004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5978913004?gh_jid=5978913004
lastmod: '2026-06-18T17:25:50-04:00'
date: '2026-04-22T12:07:10-04:00'
location: Mountain View, CA
departments:
- Global Service & Support
offices:
- MV
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**

You are the **Field Solutions Expert**. You don't just service one of the world’s most advanced humanoid robots; you are responsible for the health and resolution of the entire robotic platform. When a challenge exceeds a standard hardware swap, you step in to diagnose complex system integrations, networking hurdles, and software bugs. You are the technical diplomat of GSS, providing the confidence and technical clarity needed to de-escalate high-pressure situations for our global customers.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* **Maximize Solution Availability:** Lead high-level Root Cause Analysis (RCA) for systemic issues that impact fleet uptime, moving beyond hardware to solve networking, software, and integration faults.
* **The Technical Diplomat:** Act as the primary technical point of contact for customer leadership. You provide "calm in the storm," explaining complex technical resolutions to stakeholders and ensuring high customer satisfaction.
* **System Validation:** Certify that all repairs and deployments meet Apptronik’s rigorous standards before the solution is handed back to the customer.
* **Cross-Functional Feedback:** Partner with Engineering, Product, and the internal team to drive "Design for Serviceability". You translate field data into actionable product improvements.
* **Fleet Strategy:** Help to monitor and report on fleet reliability metrics and compliance with Service Level Agreements (SLAs).

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* **Engineering Depth:** A Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline (Robotics, ME, EE, or CS) or equivalent seasoned work experience in complex systems.
* **Proven Experience (2+ years)** in servicing and maintaining complex electro-mechanical systems (robotics and automation a plus)
* **Advanced Troubleshooting:** Deep experience with Linux systems, ROS (Robot Operating System), and networking protocols.
* **Demonstrated proficiency** with standard electrical diagnostic tools, including DMM, Oscilloscope, and isolation meter
* **Stakeholder Management:** Exceptional communication skills with the ability to present technical data to non-technical executive audiences.
* **Solution Level Thinking:** The ability to see the "big picture" of how a robot interacts with a customer's WMS, WES, and local infrastructure.
* Valid Passport for frequent international travel.
* Up to 80% (Domestic and International)

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or equivalent relevant experience.
* 5+ years of experience in customer-facing technical roles.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Ability to lift 45 pounds.
* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

The annual salary range is $105,000 - $130,000 base

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
