---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer - Power and Comms
status: active
id: '5988741004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5988741004?gh_jid=5988741004
lastmod: '2026-05-22T14:27:39-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T13:56:33-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

### 

**JOB SUMMARY**

We're looking for experienced electrical engineers to drive our electronics developments for the Apollo humanoid robot. We are primarily interested in candidates who have developed autonomous mobile robots (AMR) and automated guided vehicles (AGV). In this job role, you will own electronic systems from ideation through design, testing, and into mass production.

### 

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* Own the electrical architecture from high-level system concept to PCBA design.
* Collaborate with leadership, program management, and cross-functional teams to plan and execute company strategy.
* Innovate by bringing new core technologies, test practices, and processes into electrical engineering developments.
* Define, simulate, and verify electronics and electrical system requirements.
* Design, simulate, implement, and test multi-layer mixed signal PCBAs.
* Rapid prototyping of electrical systems at both system and board levels.
* Generate design documentation such as schematics, block diagrams, test plans and procedures, fabrication and assembly drawings.
* Design hardware to meet functional safety requirements, implementing redundant systems, fail-safe mechanisms, and diagnostic features to meet or exceed industry safety standards.
* Conduct performance benchmarking and power analysis to optimize the hardware for maximum efficiency and thermal management.
* Develop and execute comprehensive validation and test plans, design necessary test fixtures, and execute rigorous testing to confirm compliance with performance specifications and regulatory standards (e.g., FCC, CE, UL).
* Participate in the debugging and root cause analysis related to hardware and software defect resolution.
* Drive excellence in EMI/EMC/SI/PI and DFM/DFA.
* Own the entire lifecycle of electronics and electrical systems from initial concept and architecture definition through design, prototyping, validation, production release, change requests, and ongoing support.
* Mentor junior and senior engineers.
* Manage 3rd party relationships with vendors, contract manufacturers, and external design services.

### 

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Experience with AMRs, AGVs, motor drives, power distribution boards, power bus protection, communication protocols (Ethernet, EtherCAT, CAN, etc.), and wiring harnesses.
* Experience with product lifecycle management and PLM systems such as Arena.
* Competent in CAD tools including Altium or similar tools.
* Proven experience designing, prototyping, and debugging PCB/PCBAs as well as interfacing with manufacturing groups during release/build.
* Extensive experience with electronics lab tools and simulation tools (ex: LTSpice, PSpice).
* Excellent communication (verbal & written); will be expected to develop detailed build assembly instructions and diagrams.
* Excellent problem-solving and hardware debugging skills.
* Hands-on experience with prototyping and testing, including the use of lab equipment.
* Experience with robotics or designing electronics for lightweight, space-constrained systems is a significant plus.
* Nice to have - subject matter expertise in the following areas: power electronics, battery and charger development, high-speed digital or compute carrier board design, functional safety, compliance, or DFx.

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* Bachelors, Masters, or PhD degree (or equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or related field.
* 4+ years of experience in electronics development.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
