---
title: Senior Product Manager - Sensing & Compute
status: active
id: '5991014004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5991014004?gh_jid=5991014004
lastmod: '2026-06-12T12:55:07-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T13:16:39-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Product
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**

As a Senior Technical Product Manager - Sensing & Compute, you will focus on driving the product vision, ensuring seamless execution across the complex hardware/software divide, and translating market demands into user oriented, executable product roadmaps.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* Own and maintain the sensing and compute roadmap: scope, sequencing, and feature priorities.
* Collaborate with development teams to refine architectures for perception, localization, sensor processing, AI/ML workloads, balancing performance with product constraints.
* Lead product requirements for safe perception and redundancy.
* Define infrastructure requirements for data collection and evaluation.
* Define and prioritize use cases based on business impact, feasibility, and customer needs.
* Ensure that product development efforts align with real-world economic value for customers.
* Synthesize insights from user research, customer meetings, usage data, and sales feedback into a strategy that delivers business objectives and customer benefits.
* Define product features/enhancements and communicate requirements to engineering teams via clearly written requirements documents, diagrams, and concise verbal communication.
* Support product marketing initiatives, partner relationships, and other opportunities to accelerate the adoption of your products.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Demonstrated experience managing hardware/software products in edge compute, sensor fusion, or perception pipelines.
* Strong understanding of compute architectures (e.g., GPUs, functional safety islands, safety MCUs) and their deployment in robotic or autonomous systems.
* Subject matter expertise in defining data pipelines and infrastructure for machine learning and autonomy stacks.
* Strong analytical skills with experience in performance tracking, system error budgets, and data-driven decision-making.
* Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, to translate technical insights into business impact.
* You make decisions in uncertainty, prioritizing velocity over perfection
* You prioritize user feedback, promoting that voice to internal teams.

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* 7+ years of experience in product management, or engineering roles.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
