---
title: Accounts Payable Specialist
status: active
id: '6007446004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/6007446004?gh_jid=6007446004
lastmod: '2026-05-27T14:10:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T14:10:05-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Accounting
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**  
  
We are seeking a detail-oriented Accounts Payable Specialist to join our world-class team. This position will bolster our accounting operations as we work to build and deploy some of the coolest robots on earth. Your primary focus will be timely and accurate invoice processing while partnering with the rest of the team on researching discrepancies, managing vendor set up and terms, and assisting with month-end close.

This is a great opportunity for someone early in their career to gain hands-on experience in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.   We offer a competitive compensation package, including a 401k, health benefits, and paid time off, as well as a hybrid work schedule at our location in north Austin.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES**

* **Invoice Processing**: Review, code, and accurately enter invoices into the accounting system.   Match invoices to POs and obtain proper approvals as needed.
* **Vendor onboarding:** Verify documentation for vendors and manage payment terms.
* **Account Monitoring:** Assist in the monitoring of accounts payable aging reports. Work with the supply chain team to reconcile vendor accounts, understand receipt and PO differences, and resolve discrepancies in a timely manner.
* **Vendor Relations**: Foster positive relationships with vendors by providing excellent customer service, managing inquiries, and resolving any payment issues or discrepancies.
* **Compliance:** Ensure compliance with company policies and tax regulations.  Maintain a strong internal control environment through policy development and documentation.
* **Reporting:** Provide ad-hoc reports to management regarding accounts payable activity and balances as needed.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Strong attention to detail and organizational skills
* Capability to take initiative and be a positive team player
* Capacity to adjust to change, as part of a growing and dynamic high-tech company
* Strong written and verbal communication skills
* Proficiency in Microsoft Excel
* Ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines in a fast-paced setting
* Experience with Business Central (other ERP systems such as SAP) is a plus
* Knowledge of sales and use tax and how it applies to accounts payable transactions.

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* High school diploma or equivalent required; associate or bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, or a related field preferred
* At least 3 years of experience in an Accounts Payable role.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Visual ability to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate in person and on calls

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
