---
title: Senior Technical Product Manager - Simulation
status: active
id: '6007496004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/6007496004?gh_jid=6007496004
lastmod: '2026-06-08T11:00:56-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T15:15:34-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California
departments:
- Product
offices:
- MV
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**

As a Technical Product Manager - Simulation, you will focus on driving the product vision, ensuring seamless execution across the complex hardware/software divide, and translating market demands into user oriented, executable product roadmaps.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* Own and maintain the simulation platforms roadmap: scope, sequencing, and feature priorities.
* Drive the technical definition of simulation environments focusing on perception, autonomy, and navigation for robot fleets.
* Define and prioritize use cases for simulating realistic customer environments to enable thorough testing before real-world deployment.
* Ensure that the simulation platform features a highly configurable and intuitive UX viable for developers to easily create, modify, and analyze test scenarios.
* Define and prioritize use cases based on business impact, feasibility, and customer needs.
* Ensure that product development efforts align with real-world economic value for customers.
* Synthesize insights from user research, customer meetings, usage data, and sales feedback into a strategy that delivers business objectives and customer benefits.
* Define product features/enhancements and communicate requirements to engineering teams via clearly written requirements documents, diagrams, and concise verbal communication.
* Support product marketing initiatives, partner relationships, and other opportunities to accelerate the adoption of your products.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Demonstrated experience in developing or managing simulation environments, simulation-in-the-loop testing frameworks, or developer tools.
* Experience working with physics engines, robotic simulation engines, rendering pipelines, or digital twins for industrial environments.
* Strong analytical skills with experience in performance tracking and data-driven decision-making.
* Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, to translate technical insights into business impact.
* You make decisions in uncertainty, prioritizing velocity over perfection
* You prioritize user feedback, promoting that voice to internal teams.
* **Nice to Have:**

* + Experience with autonomous robots or autonomous vehicles.
  + Experience with Unity, Issac, or MuJoCo.
  + Experience generating synthetic data for perception, autonomy, and navigation stacks.
  + Background in developing UI/UX for complex technical or developer-facing tools.

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* 7+ years of experience in product management, or engineering roles.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

The annual salary range is $190,000 - $223,000 base 

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
