---
title: '(Senior) Project Manager '
status: active
id: '4525967101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4525967101?gh_jid=4525967101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2025-01-28T05:14:27-05:00'
location: Munich - Berlin
departments:
- Campaigns & Programmes
offices:
- Berlin
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

We are looking for a (Senior) Project Manager within our Land domain with exceptional project management skills to own all aspects of both internal and external project coordination of a prestigious and complex project. Furthermore, we are looking for someone with business acumen and technical savviness to work closely with and oversee one of our most prestigious delivery teams.  

Working closely with the delivery teams at the intersection between technical and commercial delivery within Helsing requires strategic oversight, while maintaining tight control over the day-to-day project work.  

In this role you will work closely with partners and customers as well as with Helsing internal senior stakeholders. You will own the daily and weekly prioritisation of deliverables, coordination of meetings, internal tracking of project KPIs, and implementation of the project roadmap. Thus, you will support the overarching achievement of Helsing’s strategic goals and make transparent how your project contributes to Helsing’s business success.  You will work closely with Programme Management to optimise future opportunities.

## **The day-to-day**

No two days as a (Senior) Project Manager within our Land domain at Helsing are the same and you may find yourself doing any (or all!) of the below on a day-to-day basis:  

* Understanding project deliverables and priorities and managing internal and external stakeholder interactions accordingly

* Planning and updating the internal and external project roadmap and ensuring the project team is aligned on the requirements, priorities and deliverables

* Building a project steering dashboard and tracking of project KPIs for briefing of company management

* Communicating project status to customers / partners

* Surfacing challenges / risks and proposing course correction as needed

* Projecting headcount and informing the project-related recruitment needs

* Implementing efficient project governance and means for continuous improvement for the benefit of the entire company

* Contributing to the development of Helsing’s project management organisation by leading from the front

## **You should apply if you**

* Have a proven track record (minimum 5 years' experience) as project manager / delivery lead in defence, automotive or aerospace industry or related sectors

* Have experience in the management of large-scale projects

* Are certified as Project Management Professional (PMP) or equivalent certification, or equivalent experience

* Have a university degree (or equivalent experience) in any subject relevant to these sectors, including but not limited to political science, mechanical, industrial or electrical engineering

* Are willing to travel regularly

* Are business fluent in English

* Are a high performer who thrives in a fast-paced environment

* Are collaborative, humble and a problem-solver

* Ability to analyse and present complex issues

* Are ready to meet all necessary requirements for a security clearance according to the respective national laws

*Note: We operate at an intersection where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.*

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns.
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world.
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward.
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts.
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about.

## **What we offer**

* A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking
* Competitive compensation and VSOP options
* Relocation support
* Social and education allowances
* Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

#LI-DNI

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
