---
title: 'Compliance Verification Engineer '
status: active
id: '4794929101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4794929101?gh_jid=4794929101
lastmod: '2026-06-02T08:06:15-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T11:03:03-05:00'
location: Munich
departments:
- Certification & Assurance
offices:
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

Act as the formal Software CVE within the approved Design Organization (DOA), serving as the final gatekeeper for flight safety. Provide the personal signature required to check and approve all software-related certification reports and conformity documents. Take full ownership of the software certification lifecycle, ensuring that all internal "ways of working" are audit-proof and compliant Build and maintain a relationship of trust with authorities as the primary technical point of contact for software aspects of certification.

## **The day-to-day**

* Review and provide independent approval for the PSAC, SAS, and supporting planning documents, ensuring all development and verification strategies are compliant

* Lead and execute all Stages of Involvement (SOI #1–4) to verify process maturity and verification readiness

* Perform deep-dive technical reviews of software requirements and design to verify adherence to approved standards and safety objectives

* Review software verification procedures, witness a sample of software tests on-site or in-house

* Prepare for and lead surveillance audits and technical meetings with certification authorities related to software development and certification

* Perform final conformity reviews to ensure the "as-built" software matches the certified design and formally sign the Declaration of Compliance

## **You should apply if you**

* Have extensive experience in airborne software development and verification according to ED-12C (DO-178C)

* Are eligible or already hold CVE role within a Part 21J environment

* Deep knowledge of EASA AMC 20-115D and associated certification memos

* Have a strong background in auditing Software Life Cycle Processes and performing Stages of Involvement (SOI)

*Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.*

## **Nice to Have**

* Experience with Tool Qualification (ED-215/DO-330) and Model-Based-Development (ED-216/DO-331)

* Experience with Complex Electronic Hardware (ED-80/DO-254) and System Engineering (ARP4754A, ARP4761)

* Knowledge of agile software development in a regulated environment

* Experience with Cybersecurity in Aviation (ED-202A, DO-326A)

 

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## **What we offer**

* Competitive salary and VSOP options
* Relocation support: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* Learning: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* Health and wellness: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* Social: regular company events and monthly social allowances
* Enhanced parental leave: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers and 6 weeks for secondary caregivers
* Family support: 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
