---
title: 'Social Media Manager & Copywriter '
status: active
id: '4827925101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4827925101?gh_jid=4827925101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2026-04-01T08:11:46-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Marketing & Communications
offices:
- London
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As a Social Media Manager within our core Marketing and Communications team, you will shape and execute Helsing's voice across all digital platforms. You will take ownership of our social media strategy, developing compelling content that communicates our mission to protect democracies through advanced AI.

By collaborating closely with design and marketing specialists, you will translate complex technical and ethical concepts into clear, engaging campaigns that resonate with our target audiences and deliver measurable impact.

## **The day-to-day**

* Write compelling, on-brand copy for social media posts and advertising campaigns to amplify our mission
* Develop and execute creative concepts that resonate with target audiences and support overarching marketing objectives
* Manage content calendars and posting schedules across platforms including LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube
* Monitor social media trends, track daily news, and adapt strategies swiftly to maintain relevance
* Analyse performance metrics and report on campaign effectiveness to identify opportunities for strategic growth
* Collaborate with design and marketing teams to produce high-quality visual content and manage paid advertising budgets

## **You should apply if you**

* Demonstrate strong copywriting skills with the ability to adapt tone and messaging for diverse audiences
* Possess a deep understanding of social media platforms, content management tools, and advertising ecosystems
* Draw on a proven track record of using analytics and performance reporting to make data-led decisions
* Apply excellent organisational skills to manage complex content calendars and prioritise multiple campaigns effectively
* Utilise design tools such as Figma to collaborate on or create engaging visual content
* Create and edit multimedia content, including photo and video, to enhance digital narratives

*Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.*

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## **What we offer**

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regularly company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers.
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work

These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
