---
title: Material Data Specialist
status: active
id: '4844177101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4844177101?gh_jid=4844177101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2026-04-17T08:35:15-04:00'
location: Munich - Berlin
departments:
- Market
offices:
- Berlin
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As a Material Data Specialist, you will ensure the availability and precise provisioning of spare parts for complex defence systems. You will manage and maintain material data in accordance with the international ASD S2000M specification. Working in an interdisciplinary environment, you will collaborate closely with internal teams, subcontractors, and customers. Your work directly guarantees that critical systems remain operational and supported, providing essential material data integrity and seamless logistics coordination.

## **The day-to-day**

* Plan, maintain, and manage material data using the S2000M specification to ensure accurate spare parts provisioning
* Create and update illustrated parts breakdowns using tools such as IsoDraw or Adobe Illustrator to enable precise visual identification
* Operate and maintain a Common Source Database (CSDB), ensuring complete data consistency, quality, and integrity across platforms
* Participate actively in Guidance Conferences and Provisioning Approval Meetings (PAMs) to align with customer logistics requirements
* Collaborate with internal departments and subcontractors to ensure seamless material data integration throughout the product lifecycle

## **You should apply if you**

* Possess a comprehensive background in engineering, logistics, or information management with practical application of the ASD S2000M specification
* Demonstrate hands-on expertise in setting up, operating, and maintaining a Common Source Database (CSDB)
* Build and maintain illustrated parts breakdowns using professional visual identification tools
* Communicate technical logistics data fluently in both German and English to internal teams and customers
* Understand product structuring, parts cataloguing, and complex codification processes
* Are eligible for and willing to undergo a security clearance process

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Nice to Have**

* Understand related ASD specifications such as S1000D, S3000L, S4000P, or SX000i
* Possess practical knowledge of Logistic Support Analysis (LSA) and LSAR processes
* Navigate collaborations with public procurement agencies like BAAINBw
* Work with NATO codification, supply number systems, or XML/SGML data structures
* Manage and coordinate subcontractors effectively within an Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) context

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## **What we offer**

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regularly company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers.
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work

These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
