---
title: Quality Conformity Engineer - Production
status: active
id: '4862592101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4862592101?gh_jid=4862592101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T11:11:10-04:00'
location: Munich
departments:
- Production Operations
offices:
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As a Quality Conformity Engineer; an integrated function of Production Quality, you are responsible for product conformity verification and own internal product certification authority. You work in close relation with Manufacturing Engineering, our Engineering Team and other Quality functions to secure product conformity, safety and quality to the applied specifications and satisfaction of our customers.

## The day-to-day

* Execution of product related conformity controls and Quality Inspections based on applicable specifications
* Ensure creation and validation of conformity certification documentation for build as designed compliance and act as Quality disposition competency within our Non-Conform Item process
* Contribute to and drive root cause corrective action and improvement activities
* Oversight and control of blocked / quarantined material in your area including scrap control
* Contribute to Quality Assurance plans, consult and support the production team on any Quality Assurance topic, and contribute to internal and external audits
* Contribute to APQP (xFMEA, CP, MSA, .. ) and own allocated elements
* Support the development, monitoring and review of KPI’s in your area
* Ensure process compliance to internal QMS, EN9100 and others applicable standards

## **You should apply if you**

* Have a professional education in electronics, mechanics or mechatronics (Technician or Industry master) with min. 8 years of quality assurance experience in electronics, machinery or plant engineering, automotive, or aerospace
* Deliver applied and proven experience on conformity control measures and evaluation/validation, inspection methods (GVI / DVI) or via the use of test / measurement equipment, and a good understanding of special processes is of advantage
* Maintain the capability to read, understand, and apply technical documents ( Engineering drawings / Inspection procedures / industry Norms ) and experience in maintaining IT Software applications like MS Office, QA SW if applicable. SAP experience and capability to prepare a CoC is essential.
* Can work independently as well in a team and subordinate him/herself with the ability to assert oneself and respect other positions
* Show up with a process oriented attitude and mindset with flexibility and creativity to achieve given goals in quality and on time
* Have good communication skills in English, German of advantage
* Are flexible to work in shift and readiness for business trips

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## What we offer

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regular company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work
* A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
