---
title: Mechanical Design Engineer - Robotics
status: active
id: '4881402101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4881402101?gh_jid=4881402101
lastmod: '2026-06-08T08:05:31-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T04:01:07-04:00'
location: Barcelona
departments:
- Hardware Engineering
offices:
- Barcelona
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As a Mechanical Design Engineer, you will play a key role in the design and development of our robots. You will be responsible for creating robust and efficient mechanical mechanisms, assemblies, and systems that integrate with advanced robotic technologies. This is an exciting opportunity to work with a multidisciplinary team of engineers, bringing together expertise in mechanical, electrical, and software engineering.

## The day-to-day

* Design and develop mechanisms, systems, and electromechanical assemblies for robotic applications, including structures, actuators, and motion systems.
* Collaborate closely with the electrical and software engineering teams to ensure seamless integration of mechanical designs into complete robotic systems.
* Prototype, test, and iterate on mechanical designs to meet performance, cost, and manufacturability requirements.
* Analyze project specifications, materials, and manufacturing methods to ensure that designs meet both functional and production objectives.
* Use CAD tools (SolidWorks) to create detailed designs, 3D models, and engineering drawings.
* Participate in design reviews, contributing innovative solutions and improvements.
* Conduct simulations, stress analysis, and FEA to ensure reliability, durability, and safety of the designs.
* Provide technical support and troubleshooting during product development and manufacturing processes.
* Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in robotics and mechanical design to incorporate cutting-edge technologies into our products.

## **You should apply if you**

* Hold a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field (Master’s preferred).
* Have 3+ years of experience in mechanical design, preferably in robotics or automation.
* Are proficiency with CAD software (ideally SolidWorks).
* Have a strong understanding of mechanical principles, including statics, dynamics, and material properties.
* Have experience with FEA, simulations, and mechanical stress analysis tools.
* Have hands-on experience with prototyping and testing.
* Are familiar with manufacturing processes such as CNC machining, 3D printing, sheet metal manufacturing and injection molding.
* Have excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to work independently and within a team.
* Have strong communication and collaboration skills to work with cross-functional teams.
* Have experience with robotics, automation, or mechatronics systems is highly desirable.

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## What we offer

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regular company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work
* A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one (Specifically for engineering and AI)

*These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.*

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
