---
title: Data Engineer
status: active
id: '4956672008'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/4956672008
lastmod: '2026-06-15T15:30:53-04:00'
date: '2025-10-17T14:13:10-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA | New York City, NY | Seattle, WA
departments:
- Data Science & Analytics
offices:
- New York City, NY
- San Francisco, CA
- Seattle, WA
---

## **About Anthropic**

Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.

## About the Role

As an Analytics Engineer, you will be an early member of the Data Science & Analytics team building the foundation to scale analytics across our organization. You will collaborate with key stakeholders in Engineering, Product, GTM and other areas to build scalable solutions to transform data into key metrics reporting and insights. You will be responsible for ensuring teams have access to reliable, accurate metrics that can scale with our company’s growth. You will also lead your own projects to enable self-serve insights to help teams make data-driven decisions.

## **Responsibilities**:

* Understand the data needs of stakeholder teams in terms of key data models and reporting, and translate that into technical requirements
* Define, build and manage key data pipelines in dbt that transform raw logs into canonical datasets
* Establish high data integrity standards and SLAs to ensure timely, accurate delivery of data
* Develop insightful and reliable dashboards to track performance of core metrics that will deliver insights to the whole company
* Build foundational data products, dashboards and tools to enable self-serve analytics to scale across the company
* Influence the future roadmap of Product and GTM teams from a data systems perspective
* Become an expert in our organization’s data models and the company's data architecture

## **You might be a good fit if you have:**

* 5+ years of experience as an Analytics Data Engineer or similar Data Science & Analytics roles, preferably partnering with GTM and Product leads to build and report on key company-wide metrics.
* A passion for the company's mission of building helpful, honest, and harmless AI.
* Expertise in building multi-step ETL jobs, building robust data models through tooling like dbt; proficiency with workflow management platforms like Airflow and version control management tools through GitHub.
* Expertise in SQL and Python to transform data into accurate, clean data models.
* Experience building data reporting and dashboarding in visualization tools like Hex to serve multiple cross-functional teams.
* A bias for action and urgency, not letting perfect be the enemy of the effective.
* A “full-stack mindset”, not hesitating to do what it takes to solve a problem end-to-end, even if it requires going outside the original job description.
* Experience building an Analytics Data Engineering (or similar) function at start-ups.
* A strong disposition to thrive in ambiguity, taking initiative to create clarity and forward progress.

The annual compensation range for this role is listed below.

For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role.

Annual Salary:

$275,000—$370,000 USD

## **Logistics**

**Minimum education:** Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience

**Required field of study:**A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience

**Minimum years of experience:** Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position

**Location-based hybrid policy:** Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.

**Visa sponsorship:** We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.

**We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.** Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.  Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.  
  
**Your safety matters to us.** To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit [anthropic.com/careers](http://anthropic.com/careers) directly for confirmed position openings.

## **How we're different**

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.

The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.

## **Come work with us!**

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. **Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:** Learn about [our policy](https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance) for using AI in our application process.
