---
title: Staff+ Software Engineer, Account Abuse
status: active
id: '5123039008'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/5123039008
lastmod: '2026-07-14T18:35:00-04:00'
date: '2026-02-24T01:10:06-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA | New York City, NY | Seattle, WA
departments:
- Safeguards (Trust & Safety)
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

## **About Anthropic**

Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.

## **About the role**

The Account Abuse team is tasked with ensuring Anthropic’s computing capacity is allocated fairly, minimizing resources available to bad actors and preventing them from coming back. As a software engineer on this team, you will build systems that gather and analyze signals at scale, balancing tradeoffs and coordinating closely with stakeholder teams throughout the company. The ideal candidate can see things from opponents’ perspectives, understand their means and motives, and anticipate their responses to countermeasures.

## **Responsibilities:**

* Ability to think and respond quickly in a rapidly-changing greenfield environment
* Jumping into other teams’ code to identify key points to gather signals or introduce interventions with minimal impact on their systems’ stability, complexity, or overall architecture
* Integration with third-party data-enrichment vendors
* Creating monitoring dashboards, alerts, and internal admin UX
* Working closely with our data scientists to maintain situational awareness of our current usage patterns and trends, and with our Policy & Enforcement team to maximize the impact of their human-review availability
* Building robust and reliable multi-layered defenses
* Lead root cause analyses and deep-dive investigations into account activity to identify abuse patterns, uncover emerging attack vectors, and inform both immediate enforcement actions and longer-term systemic defenses

## **You may be a good fit if you have:**

* A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or comparable experience
* Proficiency in Python, SQL, and data analysis tools.
* Strong communication skills and ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders

## **Strong candidates may also:**

* 8+ years of industry software engineering experience (not including internships and co-ops), preferably with a focus on integrity, spam, fraud, or abuse detection.
* Have experience building trust and safety mechanisms for and using AI/ML systems, such as fraud-detection models or security monitoring tools or the infrastructure to support these systems at scale
* Have worked closely with operational teams to build custom internal tooling

The annual compensation range for this role is listed below.

For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role.

Annual Salary:

$320,000—$485,000 USD

## **Logistics**

**Minimum education:** Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience

**Required field of study:**A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience

**Minimum years of experience:** Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position

**Location-based hybrid policy:** Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.

**Visa sponsorship:** We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.

**We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.** Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.  Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.  
  
**Your safety matters to us.** To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit [anthropic.com/careers](http://anthropic.com/careers) directly for confirmed position openings.

## **How we're different**

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.

The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.

## **Come work with us!**

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. **Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:** Learn about [our policy](https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance) for using AI in our application process.
