---
title: Product Support Specialist (Singapore - Weekend Coverage)
status: active
id: '5186965008'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/5186965008
lastmod: '2026-04-23T12:40:42-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T21:39:29-04:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Product Management, Support, & Operations
offices:
- Singapore
---

## **About Anthropic**

Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.

## About the role

We are hiring our first Singapore-based Product Support Specialists, who will grow our global presence as a team and serve as champions of our unique support brand. You’ll be at the front lines of safely delivering AI to the world by responding to, investigating, and tracking user needs in your day to day. Additionally, you’ll help us identify – and close – gaps in our team’s technical knowledge, provide high-touch support to strategic customers, and demonstrate deep care for how we systematically support customers at scale.

**Note: Specialists in this role will work Wednesday to Sunday**

## Responsibilities:

* Become an expert in all Anthropic products
* Respond to user support cases with a variety of complexity, from simple billing or account questions for individuals to complex API debugging for large businesses
* Clearly and empathetically communicate with a wide range of user personas, context-switching between guiding executives in a high-touch model to assisting consumer users in a rapid pace
* Manage on-call tasks for high-urgency user issues with extreme ownership. This includes being on critical ‘pager duty’ during APAC hours to ensure 24/7 Support for Critical Queries.
* Prioritize critically and comfortably adapt to an ever-evolving product landscape
* Operate in ambiguity, making informed decisions even in never-before-seen situations
* Partner with engineers, teammates, and other internal stakeholders to diagnose and resolve user issues, both individually and at scale
* Suggest and drive improvements to increase user satisfaction through support processes as well as own initiatives that increase efficiency and drive down contact rates
* Uplevel our team’s technical knowledge by scoping gaps, working with cross-functional partners to deeply understand relevant nuances, and building resources that grow with our products

## You may be a good fit if you:

* Have experience in providing technical product support within a second tier, escalated, or priority support team.
* Are familiar with APIs and technical SaaS products and can deeply understand technical docs with ease
* Have demonstrated an ability to thrive in fast-paced, reactive situations while meeting core support metrics targets (e.g. CSAT, SLA, etc.)
* Possess strong user empathy and are expert in the lifecycle of a support case; you can read between the lines of a user’s question, put yourself in their shoes, and get at the heart of their needs for a speedy, satisfying resolution
* Have crisp but kind written communication skills and a deep care for the details
* Enjoy helping others learn about new features and complex concepts
* Are persistent and curious; you delight in the hunt of tracking down a bug or issue, and are energized by fixing this for all similar users going forward
* Have experience contributing to the foundations of a support team – this is essential, highly valuable, but often unglamorous work. And particularly key for this role due to it being among the first Support hires in APAC.
* Are proficient at working in a technical environment and are interested in Anthropic’s products
* Possess a deep sense of ownership, and are excited to help us build our team!

## **Logistics**

**Minimum education:** Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience

**Required field of study:**A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience

**Minimum years of experience:** Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position

**Location-based hybrid policy:** Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.

**Visa sponsorship:** We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.

**We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.** Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.  Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.  
  
**Your safety matters to us.** To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit [anthropic.com/careers](http://anthropic.com/careers) directly for confirmed position openings.

## **How we're different**

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.

The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.

## **Come work with us!**

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. **Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:** Learn about [our policy](https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance) for using AI in our application process.
