---
title: People Partner, Tokyo
status: active
id: '5272637008'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/5272637008
lastmod: '2026-06-22T05:17:49-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T05:17:21-04:00'
location: Tokyo, Japan
departments:
- People
offices:
- Tokyo, Japan
---

## **About Anthropic**

Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.

## **About the role:**

We are looking for an exceptional HR Business Partner based in Tokyo, Japan to support our rapidly growing international teams at Anthropic. This highly visible and cross-functional role will support leadership in the region and help build out our HR policies and strategies, and act as a trusted leader and guide on a wide range of employee-related topics.

## **Responsibilities:**

* Act as a trusted advisor to managers and leaders in region on HR-related topics and help to guide our human resources strategy as we scale
* Provide support to employees and managers on all human resource-related topics throughout their lifecycle at Anthropic in partnership with other People team experts (e.g. Benefits, Compensation, etc.)
* Work closely with management to create a culture of high performance based on our values while helping ensure that performance management and employee relations issues are managed according to local law and practice
* In partnership with specialist teams (e.g. Benefits, Compensation, etc.), leadership, and finance, help build and implement top-tier, scalable programs and policies to attract and retain and grow outstanding talent at Anthropic
* Partner with our people infrastructure & integrity, legal, and compliance teams to ensure the right infrastructure is in place and operating in our offices.
* Help ensure compliance with local law and best practices, including immigration and background checks, in consultation with specialist teams and employment legal as appropriate

## **You may be a good fit if you:**

* Have a minimum of 10 years experience working in HR, People Operations, Employee Relations, or other closely related functions
* Have experience operating at a global company, and relative fluency with Japan (and other APAC region) specific HR and employment policies and best practices
* Have worked at a tech company, start-up, or a similarly fast-paced environment
* Fluent in Japanese and English

## **Strong candidates may also:**

* Care deeply when it comes to helping and supporting a diverse set of people at all levels of an organization, excelling in supporting employees and managers to do their best work
* Have proven experience and skill sets in providing confidential, practical support and are trained in topics like conflict resolution
* Have strong working knowledge of human-resource-related best practices and are able to effectively implement these in a culturally appropriate fashion
* Be a pragmatic problem-solver and enjoy developing creative solutions
* Thrive in building and scaling processes, and enjoy identifying and setting up new systems at a quickly growing company
* Care about ensuring that advanced AI systems are developed safely, and have at minimum a basic interest in artificial intelligence and its potential applications

## **Logistics**

**Minimum education:** Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience

**Required field of study:**A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience

**Minimum years of experience:** Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position

**Location-based hybrid policy:** Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.

**Visa sponsorship:** We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.

**We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.** Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.  Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.  
  
**Your safety matters to us.** To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit [anthropic.com/careers](http://anthropic.com/careers) directly for confirmed position openings.

## **How we're different**

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.

The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.

## **Come work with us!**

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. **Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:** Learn about [our policy](https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance) for using AI in our application process.
