---
title: Senior Motor Fleet Underwriter
status: active
id: ce042a07-76da-44d4-b734-4ce07a70a929
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/flock/ce042a07-76da-44d4-b734-4ce07a70a929
lastmod: '2026-07-03T13:52:55.362+00:00'
date: '2026-07-03T13:52:55.362+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Underwriting
---

**A BIT ABOUT FLOCK**

At Flock we do insurance very differently. We're nearing 1 billion connected, insured miles.

Meaning our real-time, data-driven approach enables us to price connected vehicle insurance and assess risk better than ever before, giving fleet owners the insights they need to improve safety. We don’t just pay claims; we help our customers prevent them. We now insure hundreds of fleets in the UK, including the likes of Amazon, DPD, Uber and Bolt.

We've now raised over £50M and our goal is to become the leading insurance company for connected and autonomous vehicles, and we're building a world-class team to help us get there.

We're an AI-first business, so whatever the role, we want people who reach for AI by default, stay curious about what it can do, and use it to work faster and think bigger.

**THE ROLE**

At Flock, we're transforming the motor fleet insurance landscape with cutting-edge technology and data-driven insights. As a Senior Motor Fleet Underwriter, you'll play a pivotal role in our mission to deliver smarter, safer, and more cost-effective insurance solutions. You'll leverage advanced analytics to assess risk, optimise underwriting processes, and create tailored policies that meet the unique needs of our clients. Your expertise will drive our growth, helping us build a future where innovation and excellence in insurance are the norm. If you're passionate about making an impact, thrive in a dynamic startup environment, and are ready to lead the charge in redefining fleet insurance, we want you on our team!

**WHAT WE THINK IS MOST EXCITING ABOUT THE ROLE:**

You'll have the autonomy to manage and develop a large business portfolio, mentor junior team members, and significantly contribute to team targets. You'll help unlock growth into new market segments, offering insurance solutions for emerging mobility trends, and support our ambition to become one of the UK's largest fleet MGAs. Your expertise will drive growth and innovation, positioning us at the forefront of the fleet insurance industry.

**WHAT YOU’ll BRING TO FLOCK**

**ESSENTIAL**

* Extensive experience underwriting motor fleet insurance
* Track record of building strong and supportive relationships with insurance brokers
* The ability to collate data and provide support to our Head of Underwriting to enable them to monitor and analyse the portfolio
* Provide feedback and continuously improve the process for gathering risk information from our clients, in order to ensure frictionless quoting and onboarding for all clients and brokers
* Identify and surface to our Underwriting Manager areas where we can improve our policy wording and coverage
* Follow rapidly evolving market trends, continuously refurbishing your knowledge of cutting-edge products and services in the Motor Fleet
* Actively train and develop members of the Underwriting and operations teams and to help promote Underwriting knowledge across Flock

**PREFERABLE**

* Experience in dealing with large corporate customers
* ACII qualified or working towards
* Experience of working closely with product teams to ensure product, process and customer journey enhancements are included within the product roadmap

**WHAT WE OFFER (in addition to a competitive salary)**

* 25 days of holiday (+ Bank Holidays) 🏖
* Share Incentive Plan 📈
* Workplace Pension 💰
* Private Medical Insurance 🏩 (including Optical 👓 & Mental Health 💆‍♀️ support options)
* Various Salary Sacrifice Schemes - Workplace Nursery, Holiday Purchase, Tech, Gym, Cycle to Work, Electric Vehicle, Private Medical Insurance for families 💵
* Enhanced Parental Leave and Pay 🐣
* £1000 toward relevant professional qualifications 🎓
* £500 per annum towards learning and development 🌱
* 3 days paid leave for L&D purposes 🌻

At Flock, we typically follow a hybrid working model involving a minimum of 3 days per week spent in the office, which is based in Central London, a few minutes walk from Moorgate and Liverpool Street. Please note if your role involves visit to client sites and broker offices, then this can be substituted for office days.

**ONE LAST THING..**

Authenticity is important to us. We value the unique qualities and experiences you bring. So if you apply, just be your genuine self. It's who we want!
