---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Engineering Productivity
status: archived
id: '6941199'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=6941199
lastmod: '2026-04-30T14:56:22-04:00'
date: '2025-12-23T13:51:09-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Offboard Infrastructure
---

## **Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

## **About the Team**

The team's mission is to empower engineers to build the future of transportation by providing them with the tools and infrastructure they need to be productive and successful.

We will achieve this by:

* Identifying and addressing pain points in the engineering process
* Creating new tools and infrastructure to improve efficiency
* Educating engineers on best practices
* Leveraging cutting-edge technologies to boost productivity

We are a team of passionate engineers who are committed to making a difference in the world. We are excited to work on challenging problems and to make a positive impact on the future of transportation.

## **About the Role**

* Collaborate with engineers across Nuro to identify pain points in the engineering process. Define, instrument, analyze, communicate, and monitor batch/stream metrics related to engineering velocity and system health
* Creatively address day to day developer inefficiencies using the best methods available . This can mean making new internal tools, extending existing tools, or introducing new tools to the company
* Build scalable infrastructure that continuously merges, builds, tests, and releases code while balancing coverage, speed, and cost. This is a challenging problem with no out of the box solution, especially due to the complexities of Nuro’s machine learning and hardware tests. Solving this requires employing state of the art techniques in areas like build optimization, intelligent test selection, and culprit finding
* Own and improve fundamental libraries e.g. APIs/clients to interact with complex systems. This includes managing code dependencies (including third party libraries) and managing the structure of Nuro’s codebase
* Leverage Generative AI to boost engineering productivity
* Educate developers on best practices and new tools

## **About You**

* Inefficiency bothers you. The thought of taking a frustrating process and making it elegant sounds appealing.
* You have strong software engineering skills in C++, Python, or Golang
* You can flexibly build new tools end to end to address constantly changing developer needs.
* You are passionate about software engineering best practices.
* You know how to build scalable and reliable infrastructure pipelines.
* You are highly collaborative and care about creating the best possible user experience.
* Strong candidates have expertise in build frameworks such as Bazel, CMake, and Buildbarn. Familiar with popular cloud platforms such as GCP or AWS, and Kubernetes cluster in depth.
* 5+ years of experience and a Bachelor’s or 4+ years of experience and a Master’s Degree in computer science, software engineering, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $160,360 and $240,540 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
