---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Video Streaming
status: archived
id: '7280340'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7280340
lastmod: '2026-02-17T13:12:53-05:00'
date: '2025-10-03T13:40:25-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Fleet Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

## **Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

## **About the Role**

The ability to monitor and assist our vehicles remotely plays a key role in our business strategy. As a Software Engineer, Video Streaming you will work on our in-house Teleoperations platform. You will work with a diverse team of engineers to build the core communication system as well as the cloud platform to connect vehicles and operators. This position involves broad technical understanding in networking algorithms, bandwidth estimation, rate control, computer networking, and real-time communication systems. The team is expected to deliver reliable solutions and license to 3rd party teleoperation usages.

## **About the Work**

* Design and implement an efficient pipeline with state-of-the-art video streaming techniques to deliver high priority real-time data stream
* Build an offline streaming simulation/emulation framework that can help to iterate the video streaming algorithm and predict online performance
* Test systems in real-world environments, gather feedback and drive innovation
* Work with XFN team for on-road network metric collection

## **About You**

* BS/MS in Computer Science or a closely related field and 4+ years of relevant industry experience, or PhD with 2+ years of relevant industry experience.
* Proficient in C/C++ and/or Go
* Familiar with networking protocols such as TCP/IP, socket programming and congestion control etc.
* Strong communication skills

## **Bonus Points**

* Network simulation experience, e.g., network simulator 3
* Real road LTE network metric collection
* Video streaming framework experience, e.g., WebRTC
* Understanding of video codec such as VP8, VP9, H264/265 etc.
* Comfortable with GPU programming

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
