---
title: Safety Governance & Standards Lead
status: archived
id: '7495364'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7495364
lastmod: '2026-02-10T13:24:34-05:00'
date: '2026-01-15T14:12:50-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Public Trust
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale—empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

**About the Team**The Safety Office is a key part of our Public Trust organization that has independence from our technology development and business operational functions. We are focused on autonomous vehicle technologies that provide a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to save lives and reduce injuries on our roadways while reimagining the role that automobiles can and should play in our society. In order to realize these massive benefits, we must develop and deploy our vehicles in a manner that protects safety and earns the public’s trust.

**About the Role**As Safety Governance & Standards Lead, you will lead Nuro’s safety function, setting vision and strategy for safety standards, Safety Management Systems (SMS), safety case development, and overall safety leadership. Reporting to the Chief Legal Officer, you will manage a team of cross-functional safety experts, be a key member of the senior leadership team, and represent the company both internally and externally on safety matters.

**About the Work**

Vision & Strategy for Safety

* Lead and grow Nuro’s safety team, overseeing both safety standards and SMS experts and cross-functional safety initiatives.
* Establish and champion Nuro’s safety vision, policies, and KPIs.
* Develop, manage, and continuously improve the company-wide safety management system and safety assurance framework.
* Advise executive leadership on risk, compliance, and safety strategy.
* Interface with regulatory bodies, industry consortia, and safety certification agencies.
* Foster a culture of safety, transparency, and continuous improvement company-wide.
* Ensure integration and collaboration with tech and business unit safety/system teams while retaining reporting independence.
* Oversee safety case development and external safety communications.

Implementing Safety Strategy 

* Implement safety strategy through managers and safety responsible engineers in each functional area.
* Review and consult on Safety Case components, including V&V, prepared by each organization prior to preparation of the company-wide Safety Case.
* Ensure accountability through dotted-line reporting relationships to safety responsible engineers across the company.
* Establish training and other requirements to improve safety education among safety responsible engineers and across the company more generally.
* Play a key role in cross-functional safety organizations and activities governing the development, validation, and operation of our products.
* Play a key role in emergency planning and response.

External Role & Responsibility

* Emerging Issues: Keep current on emerging issues in safety and autonomy, and review and provide guidance to the Safety Committee as appropriate regarding emerging regulatory and voluntary industry standards and issues.
* Good Citizenship:  Ensure Nuro actively participates in national and international dialogue on autonomous vehicle engineering and safety, and help articulate goals for Nuro policies regarding safety for consideration by the whole Safety Committee.
* Represent Nuro: Ensure Nuro is properly represented on safety matters in dialogue with legislators, regulators, industry standard setting bodies, and the media.

**About You**

The right person will have deep technical expertise in safety engineering, thrive in a collaborative and cross-functional growth environment, combine a capacity for leadership with a desire to roll up their sleeves for direct hands-on work, and effectively articulate our safety vision and strategy for our internal and external stakeholders.

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (technical or safety-related discipline); 10+ years of experience in safety for complex, high-reliability domains.
* Demonstrated leadership in managing multidisciplinary safety teams for safety-critical systems (AV, aviation, medical devices, etc.).
* Expert in safety standards, SMS design, and safety argumentation.
* Technical experience, preferably with hands-on experience working in SW, HW and Operations.
* A team player, able and willing to work in a collaborative environment, while also freely sharing their expert advice and counsel.
* Focused on the company’s mission, and seeks practical solutions that advance safety in an environment conducive to development.
* Able and willing to capably articulate Nuro’s safety strategy and story to regulators, industry bodies, and the general public.

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
