---
title: Data Scientist Intern
status: archived
id: '7594577'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7594577
lastmod: '2026-06-24T15:35:41-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T15:35:41-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Systems
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Team**The Data Science team at Nuro is a centralized team and contributes advanced analytics and modeling expertise to enhance the development and operational performance of autonomous vehicle systems. As a Data Scientist intern, you will define key metrics, perform deep-dive analyses, and develop machine learning and statistical models to optimize autonomy systems performance and software deployment. You’ll own the full model lifecycle, from problem definition to productionization, and create model and visualization to monitor the model and software performance and deliver actionable insights. By fostering data-driven decision-making across the organization, you’ll play a pivotal role in enabling real-world autonomous vehicle operations.

**About the Work**

* Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to collect information and work on defining metrics.
* Perform deep-dive analysis that informs how we manage and deploy our fleet of autonomous vehicles.
* Design and build machine learning and statistical models that will take Nuro from vehicle testing to operating a service.
* Own all stages of model development: problem definition, assessment of data quality, mathematical research, productionization, documentation, and ongoing customer support.
* Develop and maintain visualization dashboards to monitor and analyze operational performance metrics, providing actionable insights,
* Evangelize data-driven decision-making through the organization.
* Build out the team AI strategy with team leads into functional code, configurations, minimum viable products (MVPs) of internal AI tools based on pre-defined architectural guidelines (e.g., setting up the specific CI/CD pipelines, or writing the exact API integrations required).

**About You**

* You are a current BS, MS, or PhD candidate in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, Operation Research or a related field.
* Hands-on experience with standard statistical methods such as linear and logistic regression, SVM, confidence intervals, and significance testing, along with expertise in causal inference analysis.
* Expertise in writing custom SQL and experience with database design.
* Knowledge of a scripting language (R or python) to manipulate and analyze data and develop statistical models.
* Sound statistical inference skills, with the ability to communicate uncertainty appropriately to engineering and business stakeholders.
* Experience designing metrics and building mechanisms to fuel business insights.
* Experience on data visualization tools such as Looker.
* Excellent communication skills.

*For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $11,500 and $14,000/month.  Your actual base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
