---
title: Software Engineer, Distributed Compute System
status: archived
id: '7896051'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7896051
lastmod: '2026-05-05T17:42:44-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T17:42:44-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Offboard Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

**About the Role**

We’re looking for senior engineers to build/scale Nuro's large-scale computing infrastructure in the cloud/data center. This system is the foundation of many critical business applications throughout the company, including but not limited to machine learning data pipelines, data discovery, simulation, and time-series multimedia log processing. In this role, you’ll be working on building a scalable, efficient and reliable system that bridges the gap between fundamental infrastructure and high-level job requests, and make large-scale computations more accessible to autonomy/other infrastructure engineers.

**About the Work**

* Design and develop scalable, reliable frameworks: [BATES](https://medium.com/@nuroteam/scaling-autonomy-in-the-cloud-10c57954289b) to orchestrate and execute large-scale workloads in cloud and on-premise clusters.
* Collaborate with application teams throughout Nuro to provide robust, generic tools and APIs that accelerate their development of business critical applications.
* Optimize workload efficiency and turnaround time by deeply understanding and analyzing application context to identify inefficiencies and bottlenecks, prioritize tasks, and implement innovative solutions

**About You**

* You have proven experience in building and developing large-scale distributed applications (e.g. Kubernetes).
* You’re self-motivated to identify opportunities for system improvement and drive positive change.
* Ability to turn high-level requirements into a detailed, cohesive system design.
* Willingness to deeply understand application logic across Nuro and a passion for going the extra mile.
* You are highly collaborative and care about creating the best possible user experience.
* You have start-up DNA: You have demonstrated an ability to thrive in the ambiguity of a dynamic, start-up environment or have the DNA to do so
* You possess a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field or equivalent experience

**Bonus Points** 

* Experience with database technologies (e.g., Redis, SQL, NoSQL) and pub/sub systems.
* Experience with hyperscalers, particularly Google Cloud Platform or other major providers.
* Experience with workflow management tools or map-reduce frameworks such as Apache Airflow, Buildkite, Ray, or Dataflow..
* Experience with Linux system, e.g. CPU scheduler, memory management, file systems
* Experience with data analysis, includes defining metrics, running A/B testing, and building metric dashboards.
* Experience with real-time monitoring framework like Prometheus.
* Experience with continuous integration/delivery (CI/CD)

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $132,300 and $198,450 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
