---
title: Test Specialist
status: archived
id: '7944137'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7944137
lastmod: '2026-05-19T18:09:54-04:00'
date: '2026-05-19T17:49:01-04:00'
location: Nevada - Las Vegas
departments:
- Closed Course & Testing
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

**About the Role**In this role, Test Specialist will not only be monitoring Nuro’s autonomous system performance, but also help accelerate Nuro’s autonomy system by mimicking real world driving scenarios and interactions at our closed course testing site in Las Vegas, NV. In addition, Test Specialist will help develop and execute on world class demo experiences on both closed course and on public roads of Las Vegas to current and potential future partners and investors. Professionalism, care, and personal accountability are significant attributes as Test Specialist will be expected to adhere to the culture of safety and standards of conduct exemplified by the team. Test Specialist will be trained on Nuro’s proprietary systems and expected to pass several training checkpoints.

**About the Work**As a Test Specialist, you will provide onsite support for Nuro Driver equipped vehicles in Las Vegas, working 8 hours a day, 5-6 days a week with flexible scheduling. Your responsibilities include assisting in vehicle bring-up, controls testing, and speciality testing while collaborating with engineering and operations teams to advance autonomous technology and product roadmaps. You will execute vehicle updates, perform live agent interaction testing in closed courses, and conduct data collection on public roads. Additionally, you will interact with leadership and external partners for demo experiences, identify patterns for vehicle approval, and occasionally travel for unique testing environments like snow or ice.

Qualified candidates possess a valid US driver's license with 5+ years of experience (or similar AV background) and a clean record. You are a reliable, detail-oriented communicator who thrives in dynamic environments and can work independently or in small teams. Requirements include the ability to lift 50 lbs, work in high temperatures, travel up to 35%, and maintain a flexible schedule including nights and weekends. Proficiency in Google Workspace and various operating systems (Windows/iOS/Linux) is essential.

**About You**

Previous Autonomous Vehicle experience, ability to maintain a flexible schedule including afternoon shifts and weekends, ability to work outside in high temperature conditions in Las Vegas.

**Bonus Points** Previous LVMS testing experience, Previous experience working in a testing environment, experience giving high level feedback and reports to engineers, previous experience updating software and hardware on AV’s.

*The total compensation package for this position includes base pay and a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision insurance, daily meal reimbursement, and paid time off in addition to limited company holidays. For this position the reasonably expected base hourly rate is* *$24.26 - $27.43.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
