---
title: Software Engineer, Performance - New Grad
status: archived
id: '7978432'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7978432
lastmod: '2026-06-15T19:45:58-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T00:38:51-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Fleet Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

## **Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors

## **About the Role**

We are looking for talented engineers to join our Performance team to optimize the performance of Nuro’s AV software, ensuring our vehicles can react quickly and safely to the world around them. The team builds systems and tools for continuous performance analysis and drives latency reduction and resource efficiency efforts to ensure the autonomy teams can implement an autonomy stack that is efficient and performant for the current and future generations of the Nuro Driver.

## **About the Work**

* Analyze, profile, debug, monitor, and optimize the performance of AV software
* Design and develop systems and tools for memory management, thread prioritization, process/thread lifetime management
* Work with engineers from different teams to define the system-level architecture and building blocks
* Build core libraries and APIs to enable autonomy engineers to write high-performance code
* Drive and encourage best practices within the team and the rest of the organization

## **About You**

* Strong system fundamentals and proficiency in C++
* Expertise in computer architecture and operating systems
* Experience developing in a highly concurrent, multi-processor, and multi-threaded environment
* Experience with performance optimizations and software porting across a variety of compute architectures - like x86, ARM, GPUs, SoCs
* Experience with performance profiling tools such as perf, VTune, BPF, Nvidia Nsight Systems
* BS, MS or PhD in CS, or related technical field

## **Bonus Points:**

* Experience with GPU programming (e.g. CUDA, OpenCL) and low-level driver optimization for Nvidia GPUs.
* Experience with Nvidia DriveOS or ROS.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $153,000 and $175,000 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
