---
title: Hardware Design Engineer
status: active
id: '5807716004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://sambanova.ai/sambanova-available-positions/?gh_jid=5807716004
lastmod: '2026-05-22T12:57:20-04:00'
date: '2026-02-18T16:08:46-05:00'
location: Remote - US
departments:
- Engineering Operations
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
- Remote - US
---

The era of pervasive AI has arrived. In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.

SambaNova Suite™ is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.

Sambanova Hardware Design Engineers are responsible for designing component units of the Reconfigurable Dataflow Unit ASICs deployed in our AI workload acceleration systems. They work alongside architects, design verification engineers, and physical design engineers to implement innovative features in hardware which provide unique value to Sambanova.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Define and document microarchitecture specifications for complex digital design elements for compute, memory, or networking subsystems
* Code, integrate, and debug SystemVerilog RTL designs through the chip implementation and production lifecycle
* Meet targets for Power, Performance and Area (PPA) using advanced digital design techniques for high-speed design
* Work alongside design verification and physical design team owners to converge
* Work with architects and software teams to prototype new features which improve application-level performance
* Mentor junior design engineers on high-speed digital design techniques
* Drive improvements into the design flow using AI and automation, including new EDA tool methodologies

**Required Qualifications:**

* Minimum required education: Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering
* Computer architecture and digital logic design
* Knowledge of AI workload acceleration techniques and industry standard interconnects and protocols (e.g. AXI, PCIe, Ethernet, HBM/DDR)
* Mastery of SystemVerilog design techniques for high speed, high performance ASICs
* Demonstrated skill in converging functionality while making design decisions trading off Power, Performance, and Area (PPA)
* Experience in digital logic synthesis tools and Static Timing Analysis (STA)
* Proficiency in using industry standard tools for linting, Clock Domain Crossing (CDC), and Logical Equivalence Checking (LEC)
* Proficiency in using tools and simulators for hardware performance analysis and tuning
* Experience implementing SystemVerilog Assertions (SVA) for checking design intent
* Familiarity with Git version control tool for managing release cycles
* Scripting skills in Python and Linux Shell

### **How to Apply**

Please submit your resume along with a cover letter. In your cover letter, we encourage you to describe your experience with a large-scale system you've architected, particularly any involving billing, entitlements, or monetization. Highlight the challenges you faced in ensuring scalability, reliability, and accuracy, and how you overcame them.

**Submission Guidelines**Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 

**EEO Policy**SambaNova Systems is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.

**Benefits Summary for US-Based, Full-Time Employment Positions**  
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95% premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 77% premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life, and AD&D insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account (FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits available to you and your dependents includes a full subscription to Headspace, Gympass+ membership with access to physical gyms, One Medical membership, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
