---
title: Senior Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '5813960004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://sambanova.ai/sambanova-available-positions/?gh_jid=5813960004
lastmod: '2026-05-22T12:57:20-04:00'
date: '2026-02-26T14:26:27-05:00'
location: Santa Clara, California, United States
departments:
- Engineering Operations
offices:
- Santa Clara, CA
---

The era of pervasive AI has arrived. In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.

SambaNova Suite™ is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.

**Job Summary**

We are seeking a highly capable and dynamic Technical Program Manager (TPM) to drive product delivery at Sambanova Systems. You will play a critical role in planning, driving execution, and orchestrating multiple workstreams and dependencies to drive engineering velocity and transparency towards delivering customer product releases

**Responsibilities**

* Lead various Software programs and initiatives in a fast moving organization across different locations covering a range of areas.
* Work closely with engineers, product managers and other stakeholders to define and prioritize Product features and capabilities.
* Put together a comprehensive plan that encompasses all the diverse efforts that are in motion within the teams and streamline the program to improve visibility and scalability.
* Provide hands-on support from development to deployment, including requirements gathering, managing scope, schedule tracking, qualitative testing and documentation.
* Manage cross functional dependencies, risks and changes effectively across multiple streams.
* Leverage your excellent communication and coordination skills to bring the best out of multiple teams. You're equally comfortable explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical tradeoffs with engineers.
* Identify and drive ongoing process improvement opportunities.

**Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field
* 8+ years of experience in technical program management
* 3+ years of experience in Software or ML development

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience in launching Software products from research to production.
* Ability to work independently and successfully in a fast paced nascent environment.
* Experience with roadmap planning, forecasting and release process management.
* Adept at working with highly skilled and independent engineers.
* Self-motivated and willing to take additional responsibilities over time to contribute to the team’s success.

**Submission Guidelines**Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 

**EEO Policy**SambaNova Systems is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.

**Benefits Summary for US-Based, Full-Time Employment Positions**  
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95% premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 77% premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life, and AD&D insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account (FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits available to you and your dependents includes a full subscription to Headspace, Gympass+ membership with access to physical gyms, One Medical membership, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
