---
title: Software Engineer
status: active
id: '5817837004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://sambanova.ai/sambanova-available-positions/?gh_jid=5817837004
lastmod: '2026-05-27T21:13:14-04:00'
date: '2026-03-03T11:21:54-05:00'
location: San Jose, California, United States
departments:
- Software Engineering
offices:
- Bengaluru, India
---

The era of pervasive AI has arrived. In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.

SambaNova Suite™ is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.

### **About the Role**

**SambaNova is hiring Software Engineers for SambaNova’s SambaStack platform.**

We are helping enterprises and service providers host their own **AI inference platforms** for end users, powered by our **state-of-the-art RDU (Reconfigurable Dataflow Unit) hardware architecture**. Our cloud-agnostic, enterprise-grade inference serving platform enables seamless deployment, management, and scaling of foundation model workloads at production scale.

As a Software Engineer on the SambaStack team, you will further improve performance, scalability, and reliability while introducing new features and capabilities to our state-of-the-art inference serving platform.

This is a high-impact, high-visibility role working at the intersection of AI infrastructure, enterprise software, and developer experience.

### **Key Responsibilities**

* Ensure the continued stability, scalability, and performance of our **AI inference platform**.
* Collaborate with ML Engineers, Product Managers, QA, and DevOps to build the **best system for our customers**.
* Work on components built with **Python, Go, and Rust** across a heterogeneous serving platform.
* Build and improve testing frameworks and automation to increase our ability to **quickly deliver high quality releases to customers**.
* Design new systems, components, and capabilities to solve **new and interesting problems in the AI inference space**.

### **Required Qualifications**

* 4+ years of experience in Software Engineering.
* Experience building backend components in Python, Go, or Rust.
* Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing framework design and implementation.
* Strong understanding of Kubernetes and the Kubernetes Operator pattern.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
* Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams
* Knowledge of software development best practices and coding standards

### **Preferred Qualifications**

* Familiarity with AI Inference serving and orchestration.
* Familiarity with AI coding assistants and technologies.
* Knowledge of ML application optimization and productionization.
* Ability to design and build cloud-native software systems.

**Submission Guidelines**Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 

**EEO Policy**SambaNova Systems is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.

**Benefits Summary for US-Based, Full-Time Employment Positions**  
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95% premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 77% premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life, and AD&D insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account (FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits available to you and your dependents includes a full subscription to Headspace, Gympass+ membership with access to physical gyms, One Medical membership, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
