---
title: Supply Chain Specialist
status: active
id: '6013330004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://sambanova.ai/sambanova-available-positions/?gh_jid=6013330004
lastmod: '2026-06-03T15:00:01-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T15:00:01-04:00'
location: San Jose, California, United States
departments:
- Hardware Engineering
offices:
- San Jose
---

The era of pervasive AI has arrived. In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.

SambaNova Suite™ is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.

**About the Role:**

We are seeking a highly capable and experienced Supply Chain Analyst/Materials Manager to drive material readiness and operational execution. In this role, you will be the primary owner of the on-site and offsite inventory, responsible for tracking, driving supply, identifying and closing supply gaps. The ideal candidate is a detail oriented, hands-on and flexible, who can navigate the complexities of working within a small cross-functional team in a high-paced environment.

**Key Responsibilities:**

**Inventory Management**

* Own the management of on and off-site production material to ensure organized storage and materials tracking.
* Transact all inventory movements in ERP/MRP systems to account for inventory transfers, consumption, customer shipments, etc.
* Maintain real-time visibility of stock levels across multiple locations using ERP/MRP systems and MS Office tools.
* Complete monthly physical inventory counts, as required, and investigate/correct any variances.
* Work closely with Finance to ensure General Ledger (GL) and inventory accuracy for month-end closing.
* RMA Management: Oversee the formal "disposition" of Sambanova managed non-conforming materials.

**Supply Demand Material Tracking**

* Work directly with Contract Manufacturing (CM) partners through weekly material reviews to identify and resolve Supply-Demand gaps.
* Lead supplier material escalations.
* Review safety stock positions and strategy to ensure sufficient upside support.
* Track and allocate finished goods to align with internal/external demand requirements.

**Quarterly Pricing and PO Management**

* Issue production POs for monthly build plans or other production related projects.
* Manage the review and implementation of quarterly CM pricing updates.
* Manage and track quarterly purchase price variances and inventory revaluation processes.

**Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Business Management, Supply Chain Management, or related field
* 3-5+ years of experience in electro-mechanical manufacturing environments
* Strong hands-on experience in supply chain related roles
* Experience with inventory management and warehousing
* Strong cross-functional collaboration and communication skills
* Proficient in MS Office and Google tools (Excel/Sheets and Word/Docs)

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience working with Contract Manufacturing partners and global suppliers for L10-L12 components
* Knowledge of NPI processes and scaling manufacturing operations
* Experience with BOM structures and ECO, MCO, Deviations

**Why This Role Matters**

**This role directly impacts Sambanova’s success by ensuring on time delivery of both NPI and sustaining products. Your actions will be key in supporting the companies ramp up and scale out plans as we expand to new customers and regions.**

Base Salary Range:

Base Pay Range

$90,000—$120,000 USD

**Submission Guidelines**Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 

**EEO Policy**SambaNova Systems is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.

**Benefits Summary for US-Based, Full-Time Employment Positions**  
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95% premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 77% premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life, and AD&D insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account (FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits available to you and your dependents includes a full subscription to Headspace, Gympass+ membership with access to physical gyms, One Medical membership, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
