---
title: Physical Design Methodology & Flow
status: active
id: '6117164004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://sambanova.ai/sambanova-available-positions/?gh_jid=6117164004
lastmod: '2026-07-15T20:21:01-04:00'
date: '2026-07-15T20:18:28-04:00'
location: San Jose, California, United States
departments:
- Chip
offices:
- San Jose, CA
---

The era of pervasive AI has arrived. In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.

SambaNova Suite™ is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.

### Job Overview

SambaNova Systems is looking for a talented and motivated **Physical design flow owner/lead** to help us build state of the art RDU chips for machine learning and artificial intelligence.

### Roles and Responsibilities

* Develop and maintain physical composition flow utilizing Cadence tool sets, including Genus, Innovus, Cerebrus, , etc.
* Closely work with physical designers to address a diverse range of flow and design issues.
* Collaborate with tool vendors to address tool bugs and flow enhancement.

### Minimum Qualifications

* Experience

+ BS, MS, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering
+ 5+ years of industry experience in physical design and flow development

* Knowledge and Skills

+ Strong understanding of rtl to gds flow and mythologies, including synthesis and place and route;
+ Proficiency in scripting languages, e.g. TCL, Perl and Python, etc. is required;
+ Good understanding physical design rules especially for TSMC advanced technology nodes 3nm below;
+ Familiarity with Cadence physical design reference flow and mythologies is highly desirable;
+ Fluency in Claude / AI tools for flow development is a plus

SambaNova Systems is an AI innovation company that empowers organizations to deploy best-in-class solutions for computer vision, natural language processing, recommendation, and AI for science with confidence. SambaNova's flagship offering, **Dataflow-as-a-Service**™, helps organizations rapidly deploy AI in days, unlocking new revenue and boosting operational efficiency. SambaNova's **DataScale**® is an integrated software and hardware system using **Reconfigurable Dataflow Architecture**™ (RDA), along with open standards and user interfaces. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, hardware, and software design experts from Sun/Oracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others.

SambaNova Systems is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Base Salary Range:

Base Pay Range

$180,000—$255,000 USD

**Submission Guidelines**Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 

**EEO Policy**SambaNova Systems is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.

**Benefits Summary for US-Based, Full-Time Employment Positions**  
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95% premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 77% premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life, and AD&D insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account (FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits available to you and your dependents includes a full subscription to Headspace, Gympass+ membership with access to physical gyms, One Medical membership, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
