---
title: Senior Counsel, Legal and Business Affairs
status: active
id: 15c2ea28-6d8c-48cf-b528-84909ea0ec0a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/15c2ea28-6d8c-48cf-b528-84909ea0ec0a
lastmod: '2026-06-17T15:12:16.328+00:00'
date: '2026-06-17T15:12:16.328+00:00'
location: NYC
departments:
- Legal
compensation: $200K – $300K • Offers Equity
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Bond Capital, Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, IVP, Forerunner, Union Square Ventures, Alkeon, Quiet, Matrix Partners, Schroders Capital and, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

# **About the Role**

We’re seeking a strategic, results-driven attorney to join our Legal & Business Affairs team to structure, negotiate, and close complex commercial transactions. If you thrive in complex, fast-paced environments and are passionate about music, technology, and artificial intelligence, this role is for you.

# **What You’ll Do**

* Be a go-to cross-functional legal partner for our music, business development and consumer partnership teams.
* Structure, negotiate, and close a wide range of agreements including music and BD partnerships, developer agreements and general commercial transactions.
* Help to build our commercial legal infrastructure, from contract templates to strategic playbooks, all in service of accelerating commercial momentum.
* Use your experience as an experienced deal lawyer to our commercial advantage, helping our business partners make smarter and faster decisions.

# **What You’ll Need**

* JD and in good standing with an active US state bar membership.
* At least 8+ years of experience, with substantial in-house and music or entertainment experience preferred.
* Strong business acumen and ability to partner with business and technical teams.
* An ability to communicate clearly with business and technical audiences
* Hands-on attitude to tackle projects large and small, low-ego approach to working across the organization
* Positive collaborative attitude, comfort with change and a fast pace, high level of integrity, and intellectual curiosity

## **Additional Notes:**

* Applicants must be eligible to work in the US
* This role requires working on site in our New York office

## **Compensation**

The annual salary range for this role is $200,000-300,000 + target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, vision, and 401k)

# **Perks & Benefits for Full-Time Employees**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
