---
title: Senior Technical Recruiter
status: active
id: 595acf0b-1ae7-4bb2-9cfe-20d780ee38b1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/595acf0b-1ae7-4bb2-9cfe-20d780ee38b1
lastmod: '2026-04-22T16:00:57.523+00:00'
date: '2026-04-22T16:00:57.523+00:00'
location: Boston
departments:
- People
- Talent
compensation: $115K – $165K
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

## **About the Role**

We're looking for a skilled Technical Recruiter to join our growing team at Suno. This is a new role due to an increase in headcount projected to be hired in the foreseeable future. In this role, you'll be a critical partner in building our engineering teams during a pivotal growth phase.

You'll work closely with hiring managers and technical team members across the company to understand their needs, develop effective recruitment strategies, and identify exceptional talent who will thrive in our innovative and collaborative environment. You'll have the opportunity to shape our recruiting processes, enhance our employer brand, and play a crucial role in scaling our team as we revolutionize music creation through AI.

[Check out the song we made about the role](https://suno.com/song/b6f8b27d-6eb1-4170-b0d3-c74c6878bbf6?sh=B0tTUSLHij9IoQaZ):

## **What You'll Do**

* Partner with hiring managers to understand technical requirements and develop effective sourcing strategies for engineering, product, and design roles
* Build and maintain a strong pipeline of qualified candidates through proactive sourcing, referrals, and networking within the Software Engineering, AI and music technology communities
* Screen resumes, conduct initial interviews, and coordinate the end-to-end interview process to ensure a smooth candidate experience
* Develop and implement creative recruitment strategies to attract diverse talent in competitive markets
* Establish and refine recruiting processes and metrics to continuously improve efficiency and effectiveness
* Represent Suno at networking events, job fairs, and conferences to enhance our employer brand
* Stay informed about industry trends, compensation standards, and best practices in technical recruiting

## **What You'll Need**

* 5+ years of technical recruiting experience, preferably in the technology or startup sector

  + A mix of agency and in house experience would be ideal
* Demonstrated track record of successfully recruiting for engineering (mobile engineering a plus)
* Strong understanding of technical roles and ability to evaluate candidates against complex requirements
* Strong ability to source passive candidates
* Excellent communication and relationship-building skills with both candidates and hiring teams
* Experience with applicant tracking systems (Ashby) and sourcing tools
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous, constantly evolving startup environment
* Passion for building diverse, inclusive teams
* Strong passion and interest in music

**Additional Notes:**

* Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.
* This is an onsite role in our Chelsea, NYC office

## **Perks & Benefits for Full-Time Employees**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
