---
title: Staff Product Designer
status: active
id: 6b7837b7-72ec-46a3-9b21-74c1dfa997b6
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/6b7837b7-72ec-46a3-9b21-74c1dfa997b6
lastmod: '2026-05-05T19:39:17.165+00:00'
date: '2026-05-05T19:39:17.165+00:00'
location: NYC
departments:
- Design
offices:
- Los Angeles
compensation: $200K – $250K
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Bond Capital, Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, IVP, Forerunner, Union Square Ventures, Alkeon, Quiet, Matrix Partners, Schroders Capital and, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

Founded in 2023 by Harvard alumni with a shared passion for music, Suno has quickly grown to **200 employees** while empowering more than 100 million people to create original songs. In 2026, we raised a **$400 million Series D** at a $5.4 billion valuation to continue building innovative products that amplify creativity and imagination.

# **About the Role**

We’re hiring a Staff Product Designer to craft amazing experiences across platforms and help define the future of music. You will primarily drive end-to-end designs for our web app on desktop and mobile, but you’ll have a hand in other surfaces as well. We want to craft the world’s best app for creating and listening to music, from each major user flow to the smallest minutiae of the interaction design.

If you’re passionate about our mission and have a portfolio that remains user-centered while balancing innovation with intuitiveness, we’d love to hear from you.

**Listen to the song we made about it**: <https://suno.com/s/9eELmSnN4clvRUHW>

# **What You’ll Do**

* Elevate the design of our web and mobile app experience across platforms because we love wearing a lot of hats.
* Collaborate closely with Product, Engineering, Research, Data, and basically everyone else because you know the best ideas can come from anywhere.
* Hold an incredibly high standard for quality and craft. You care about the little details (pixel-perfection, microinteractions, motion design) that add up to excellence.
* Innovate. We aim to push the boundaries of UI and UX without losing sight of the user and what would be intuitive and engaging for them.

# **What You’ll Need**

* Experience crafting delightful consumer design. We’re flexible on experience level, but we do need to mutter “nice” to ourselves while scrolling through your portfolio.
* A bias for action. You thrive as a self-starter in a fast-paced environment where you can wear many hats and bring your ideas to life.
* Comfort with ambiguity. You’re always learning and growing, and can help bring clarity to a fast-moving problem space with more questions than answers.
* Expertise in Figma. Bonus points for skills in animated prototype and building/maintaining design system components.
* A love of music (listening, exploring, making) is a huge plus.

# **Perks & Benefits**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

# **Additional Notes**

* Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.
* This role requires working on-site 5 days a week in our NYC or LA offices.

## **Compensation**

The annual salary range for this role is $200K – $250K + target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, vision, and 401k)

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
