---
title: External Communications Lead
status: active
id: 800c21f5-b037-42e7-84de-453bc0783e2f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/800c21f5-b037-42e7-84de-453bc0783e2f
lastmod: '2026-05-28T16:39:54.391+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T16:39:54.391+00:00'
location: NYC
departments:
- Operations
compensation: $205K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Bond Capital, Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, IVP, Forerunner, Union Square Ventures, Alkeon, Quiet, Matrix Partners, Schroders Capital and, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

**About the Role**

Suno is looking to hire a versatile communications lead to help lead corporate communications and public affairs. Reporting to the Head of Communications, this role will be integral to conveying Suno’s growth, launching new products, and differentiating our platform.

You’ll partner directly with our C-suite and executive leadership team to shape how Suno tells our story to key audiences, including the music industry, partners, the tech community, investors, and policymakers. This is a rare opportunity to step into a foundational role at a category-defining AI company, where music, creativity and culture are core to the product itself.

**What You’ll Do:**

* Help lead Suno’s corporate communications strategy, including around business momentum and growth.
* Partner with cross-functional teams to advance business goals, including executive leadership team, brand, product, engineering, growth, legal, policy, music, and commercial.
* Shape narratives that resonate with the media, artists, creators, policymakers, partners, investors and industry stakeholders.
* Build strong relationships with top-tier business, technology, music, entertainment, consumer media, podcasters, and newsletters writers.
* Lead cross-functional product launch communications, coordinating messaging across comms, brand, product, engineering and other key functions.
* Own messaging and multi-channel content creation, including for blog posts, executive messaging, speeches, opinion pieces, videos, podcasts, and more.
* Elevate Suno’s leaders and support them in all external-facing communications.
* Deftly manage sensitive and high-profile issues and crises.
* Scale communications capabilities as the company grows.

**What We’re Looking For:**

* 10+ years of experience in corporate communications, public affairs, and policy communications, including time in-house – ideally in tech, culturally relevant and high-growth companies.
* Strong relationships across technology, business, culture, and policy press, spanning both traditional media and newer platforms.
* Exceptional writing, messaging, and storytelling skills.
* Fluency across content creation for owned channels and obsession for understanding audiences and new ways of reaching them.
* Significant experience advising senior executives and leadership teams.
* Experience managing sensitive communications needs – you see around corners and prepare for issues before they arise.
* Excellent strategic judgment and ability to prioritize many competing demands and deadlines.
* Ability to translate complex topics into clear, compelling narratives.
* Comfort operating in fast-moving environments.
* A builder mindset – you’re excited to create new infrastructures, rather than plug into existing systems.

## **Work Location Policy**

This role is expected to work from the designated Suno office 5 days a week, per Suno's company policy. Full-time employees will receive competitive equity packages, and comprehensive benefits. The actual base salary offered may vary depending on location, skills, qualifications, and experience.

**Additional Notes**

Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.

Willingness to travel (up to 10%) to collaborate with team members across Suno office locations.

## **Perks & Benefits for Full-Time Employees**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
