---
title: Staff Software Engineer, Android
status: active
id: ad5b3eda-a331-4858-bd50-ee07c438e594
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/ad5b3eda-a331-4858-bd50-ee07c438e594
lastmod: '2025-08-13T02:51:53.094+00:00'
date: '2025-08-13T02:51:53.094+00:00'
location: NYC
departments:
- Engineering
compensation: $200K – $300K • Offers Equity
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

# **About the Role**

We’re looking for early members of our Android team. You’ll work closely with the founding team and have ownership of a wide variety of technical and design decisions for Suno’s Android app.

[Check out the Suno version of this role!](https://suno.com/s/oEdmOtkZDLHCopSG)

# **What You’ll Do**

* Design and build Suno’s Android app for creating, exploring, and listening to music
* Create foundational abstractions and libraries for performant, highly interactive media experiences
* Own feature development from zero to one, and beyond.
* Contribute to design and product decisions across the app
* Optimize the performance, joy, beauty, and feel of our products

# **What You’ll Need**

* 7+ years experience shipping production Android apps
* Advanced expertise in Kotlin
* Experience with modern Android development frameworks and best practices
* Experience building fluid animations, with an eye for translating prototypes into robust code
* A keen sense of what’s unique about Android, and how that can be used in relation to a media application
* Prior experience with exoplayer and media3 is a huge plus

* An obsession with great user experiences, getting the details right, iterating & learning rapidly, and working hard
* A love of music (listening, exploring, making) is a huge plus
* Bachelor's degree or equivalent required.

# **Perks & Benefits for Full-Time Employees**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

**Additional Notes:**

Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.

**Life at Suno:** <https://suno.com/about>  
**Series C Announcement:** <https://suno.com/blog/series-c-announcement>

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
