---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer, iOS '
status: active
id: b7437ba8-cc6d-42ef-a3c9-4a84b106dcf6
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/b7437ba8-cc6d-42ef-a3c9-4a84b106dcf6
lastmod: '2025-10-19T20:02:58.475+00:00'
date: '2025-10-19T20:02:58.475+00:00'
location: NYC
departments:
- Engineering
compensation: $180K – $250K • Offers Equity
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

# **About Suno**

Suno is a music tech company built to amplify imagination, where ideas flow into sound and songs become yours. Together, we’re creating a revolutionary platform powered by the world’s most advanced music-creation model, bringing the joy of musical expression to millions.

Founded two years ago by Harvard alumni united by a passion for music, Suno recently reached **$200 million in annual recurring revenue**, making us one of the fastest-growing AI startups in the world. **Valued at $2.45 billion**, we raised **$250 million in Series C funding** in November 2025 and now have **150 bandmates** across our offices in Venice Beach, Cambridge, and New York City.

**With more than 100,000 reviews and a 4.9 rating on the App Store, Suno’s iOS team plays a key role in shaping the future of our products and the success of our company.**

# **About the Role**

We’re looking for early members of our iOS team. You’ll work closely with the founding team and have ownership of a wide variety of technical and design decisions for Suno’s iOS app.

[Check out the Suno version of this role!](https://suno.com/s/oEdmOtkZDLHCopSG)

# **What You’ll Do**

* Design and build Suno’s iOS app for creating, exploring, and listening to music
* Create foundational abstractions and libraries for performant, highly interactive audio experiences
* Contribute to design and product decisions across the app
* Optimize the performance, joy, beauty, and feel of our products

# **What You’ll Need**

* 5+ years experience shipping production iOS apps
* Advanced expertise in Swift (we use SwiftUI + UIKit as necessary)
* Experience building fluid animations, with an eye for translating prototypes into robust code

* An obsession with great user experiences, getting the details right,  iterating & learning rapidly, and working hard
* A love of music (listening, exploring, making) is a huge plus
* Bachelor's degree or equivalent required.

# **Perks & Benefits for Full-Time Employees**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

**Additional Notes:**

Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.

**Life at Suno:** <https://suno.com/about>  
**Series C Announcement:** <https://suno.com/blog/series-c-announcement>

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
