---
title: iOS Engineer
status: active
id: d72ec5a5-49ad-4525-baea-fb3090614c9b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/d72ec5a5-49ad-4525-baea-fb3090614c9b
lastmod: '2025-02-18T00:03:55.443+00:00'
date: '2025-02-18T00:03:55.443+00:00'
location: NYC
departments:
- Engineering
compensation: $130K – $180K • Offers Equity
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Bond Capital, Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, IVP, Forerunner, Union Square Ventures, Alkeon, Quiet, Matrix Partners, Schroders Capital and, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

# **About the Role**

We're looking for talented iOS Engineers to join our growing mobile development team. You'll collaborate with our product designers and managers to build Suno's iOS app, bringing music creation to everyone's fingertips.

[Check out the Suno version of this role!](https://suno.com/s/oEdmOtkZDLHCopSG)

# **What You’ll Do**

* Implement key features and UI components for Suno's iOS app using Swift and SwiftUI
* Work with our audio engineering team to integrate and optimize music playback and creation features
* Contribute to design and product decisions across the app
* Optimize the performance, joy, beauty, and feel of our products

# **What You’ll Need**

* 3+ years experience developing iOS applications
* Strong proficiency in Swift and SwiftUI
* Knowledge of iOS performance best practices and optimization techniques
* Ability to write clean, well-documented code
* Basic understanding of RESTful APIs and networking concepts
* Good communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment
* A love of music (listening, exploring, making) is a huge plus
* Bachelor's degree or equivalent required.

**Additional Notes:** Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.

# **Perks & Benefits for Full-Time Employees**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

**Life at Suno:** <https://suno.com/about>  
**Series C Announcement:** <https://suno.com/blog/series-c-announcement>

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
