---
title: 'Software Engineer, Fullstack, Pro-Create '
status: active
id: f8fd9d3e-4ef7-471a-9205-9f7ca5c36c81
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/suno/f8fd9d3e-4ef7-471a-9205-9f7ca5c36c81
lastmod: '2026-04-03T16:56:43.883+00:00'
date: '2026-04-03T16:56:43.883+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Engineering
compensation: $170K – $240K • Offers Equity
---

# **About Suno**

We're building the world's first creative entertainment platform, where the entire world can feel the joy and fulfilment of making music. Music is for everyone: Our users include everyone from grandmothers creating songs for their loved ones, to Grammy winners using Suno Studio, our power tool, to make the most popular hits in the world.

Building the future of entertainment requires ambition. The pace is fast, the problems are hard, and the work demands ownership and intensity. For the right people, it’s incredibly rewarding: a chance to shape a new medium, work with a small team that cares deeply about quality, make music, drink too much coffee, and build something that millions of people use to express themselves in ways that were never before possible.

Suno is the fastest growing consumer entertainment company and the leader in AI music. We are backed by leading investors including Bond Capital, Menlo Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, IVP, Forerunner, Union Square Ventures, Alkeon, Quiet, Matrix Partners, Schroders Capital and, NVentures (venture arm of NVIDIA).

# **About the Role**

We’re looking for Fullstack Engineers to join our Professional Creation team, which builds tools to support the next generation of professional artists, songwriters and producers. You will work across a wide range of features and have an outsized influence on how most of the music in the world gets created.

[Check out the Suno version of this role here!](https://suno.com/s/fEURAysWlRdjPOZP)

# **What You’ll Do**

* Build delightful and intuitive web interfaces for creating and editing music. This includes work on our flagship generative audio workstation, Suno Studio.
* Take deep ownership over specific product functionality and launch it to millions of active users
* Optimize the performance, joy, beauty, and feel of our products
* Jam out

# **What You’ll Need**

* 4+ years experience shipping production web apps
* Advanced expertise in Typescript, React, CSS, with comfort in backend development or Python.
* Experience building complex responsive web apps, with an eye for translating prototypes into robust code.
* An obsession with great user experiences, getting the details right, iterating & learning rapidly, and working hard.
* Experience with DSP and audio frameworks (like Juce) is a plus.
* A love of music (listening, exploring, making) is required.
* Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.

**Additional Notes:** Applicants must be eligible to work in the US.

# **Benefits**

* Company Equity Package
* 401(k) with 3% Employer Match & Roth 401(k)
* Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (PPO w/ HSA & FSA options)
* 11 Paid Holidays + Unlimited PTO & Sick Time
* 16 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave
* Creative Education Stipend
* Generous Commuter Allowance
* In-Office Lunch (5 days per week)

Suno is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the Massachusetts Fair Chance in Employment Act, NYC Fair Chance Act, LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
