---
title: Data Annotation Specialist, Engineering (civil, mechanical, electrical, chemical)
status: active
id: 0ef0a9f8-33ac-4360-a833-f8ce8e108a31
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/0ef0a9f8-33ac-4360-a833-f8ce8e108a31
lastmod: '2026-04-28T20:14:37.403+00:00'
date: '2026-04-28T20:14:37.403+00:00'
location: Canada
departments:
- Data Quality (Contract)
- STEM Annotation
offices:
- Calgary
- Montreal
- Toronto
- Vancouver
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

This role will focus on breaking down engineering tasks such as reporting, component search and handling of material billing/information into individual steps that can be tackled through tool use. Your breakdown will teach the Cohere model the logic needed to complete each task.

*Please Note:* **This is a part-time independent contractor position available within Canada**. We seek candidates who are able to commit to 16 hours per week minimum at a 30 CAD/hour contract rate. This role is BYOD 💻 - Bring Your Own Device (laptop). Remote work within Canada. 12 month contract. Performance incentives included!

**As a Data Annotation Specialist, you will:**

* Evaluate the model's ability to respond to engineering procedures and workflows
* Task models to complete engineering tasks along with verified information to evaluate the accuracy of the model's responses
* Label, proofread, and improve machine-written and human-written engineering-related outputs.
* Follow our style guide, and make recommendations on unique situations that fall outside of its scope.

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* 3+ years of industry experience working in engineering fields (civil, mechanical, electrical, chemical)
* Technician/engineering specialist training and experience preferredAn education background in engineering (Bachelors, Masters or similar)
* Experience on medium-large scale engineering projects involving designing, prototyping and manufacturing components
* Experience with CAD software, material billing and product lifecycle management (PCMs)

**The Candidate Journey:**  
**Initial Screening -** Once you have submitted your application our Talent Team will review your resume and writing samples.  
**Virtual Annotation Test -** This assignment will test your written skill through various language-based tasks, such as a a writing sample, interacting with a chat bot, and more.  
**Video Screen -** If selected to move forward, you will have a short video call with a member of our Operations Team!  
**Offer -** Independent Contractor Agreement

As an independent contractor, you maintain control over how you complete your work and may work with multiple clients simultaneously, although we ask you to declare if any of these are with a direct competitor of Cohere and maintain IP confidentiality of the Cohere project. Independent contractors are not eligible for health benefits or other benefits provided to employees. Compensation for services is provided to contractors by contractors invoicing for services provided pursuant to the terms of our agreement with the contractor.

It is important to understand that **as an independent contractor, continuous work is not guaranteed**. The client-contractor relationship is fundamentally **project-based,** *meaning engagements may be temporary, periodic, or intermittent based on our organizational needs and project availability***.** As an independent contractor, you should anticipate fluctuations in workflow and therefore compensation for services when Cohere does not require as many hours of services in a week.

***Prospective candidates, please be advised: this role involves working with human generated and model generated tasks that may involve exposure to not safe for work (NSFW) text content as part of data annotation tasks, including explicit, offensive, or other inappropriate material.***

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.
