---
title: Senior Account Executive - Financial Services
status: active
id: 178915c8-8b0c-4735-a428-cd57264280b3
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/178915c8-8b0c-4735-a428-cd57264280b3
lastmod: '2026-07-21T21:31:39.500+00:00'
date: '2026-07-21T21:31:39.500+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Revenue
offices:
- Boston
- Richmond, VA
- Washington, DC
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

## **Senior Account Executive - Financial Services**

**Why this role?** In this role, you will have ownership of the full sales cycle - from identifying leads to closing deals with Global 2000, large enterprises within the Financial Services sector. We're looking for an approachable and compelling communicator who loves working with prospects to uncover their needs and feels comfortable developing tailored value propositions around how Cohere's platform can help them achieve their business goals. You'll lay the foundation for Cohere's growth by owning your territory and collaborating with teammates across customer success, sales development, marketing, and solution architecture. You'll be the voice of the field and help our product and engineering teams prioritize the Cohere roadmap with customer-centric care. It's a highly self-directed role, so you should be someone who thrives in an unstructured and quickly evolving environment. And your opportunity for impact will be astronomical — Cohere has skies-the-limit potential, and you'll help us reach it.

**As an Account Executive focused on the Financial Services sector you will:**

* Focus on net-new logo acquisition via outbound activity and relationship building with key stakeholders while also bringing a strong network of key decision-maker and influencer contacts and relationships in the Financial Services industry to accelerate engagements, drive strategic partnerships and win sales opportunities
* Work closely with customers and prospects as a consultative, trusted advisor who deeply understands their challenges and goals, their technology ecosystem, and will tailor solutions to drive measurable impact for their businesses
* Work in close partnership with channel partners to find opportunities to scale outreach and customer satisfaction in your region
* Collaborate with product and engineering teams as well as customer success on strategic motions to deliver solutions to large enterprise customers
* Collaborate with Sales Development Representatives to drive top of funnel activity
* Own the full sales cycle – from initial outreach through proof-of-concept, deal close, and deployment; this is not a transactional sale that you can walk away from after the contract is signed but rather requires ongoing oversight of the project to ensure success

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* 8-12+ years of previous B2B sales experience with Global 2000, large enterprises in the Financial Services sector, negotiating and closing transformational multi-year (2-5 year) SaaS deals in the 7 figure range, and a track record of high performance and exceeding quota
* Previous experience as a technical consultative salesperson, selling complex products, such as developer tools, API products, or AI / NLP solutions, are a plus, with a focus on applications in the Financial Services sector
* Previous experience working with customers during the deployment phase of the engagement, aligning on how best to configure and customize the solution that supports success in production and builds trust to set up for expansion and growth
* Previous experience working with channel partners such as cloud hyperscalers and system integrators to drive sales cycles and hit shared revenue goals
* High tolerance for ambiguity - as an early sales hire, you'll have to be a self-starter, doer and a strategist who is capable of wearing many hats and doing what it takes to figure out a path to success
* Curiosity - you want to go deep on NLP and become an expert on our technology while considering how to fit into a large organization's technology landscape with a focus on its applications in the Financial Services sectors
* Fantastic communication skills - you are a great listener, have a knack for understanding what matters most to others, build strong relationships, can speak to the c-suite, and feel comfortable speaking to both technical and non-technical audiences in the Financial Services sector

**Additional Requirements:**

* Deep understanding of the Financial Services industry, including key trends, challenges, and opportunities
* Ability to articulate the value of AI and NLP solutions in the context of Financial Services operations.
* Experience working with regulatory and compliance requirements specific to the Financial Services industry

*Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.*

*For candidates in the United States, the Base Salary Range is : $132,500 - $190,000 USD*

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
