---
title: ' Senior Revenue Accountant'
status: active
id: 1e2d0f32-774f-4061-954d-0e28bfe054ca
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/1e2d0f32-774f-4061-954d-0e28bfe054ca
lastmod: '2026-01-29T17:14:05.148+00:00'
date: '2026-01-29T17:14:05.148+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Business Operations
- Finance
offices:
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**As a Senior Revenue Accountant at Cohere, you will:**

* Perform detailed contract review and analysis for non-standard arrangements to determine appropriate revenue recognition treatment in accordance with ASC 606
* Lead and execute all revenue- and commission-related month-end, quarter-end, and year-end close activities
* Prepare and review monthly balance sheet reconciliations for all revenue, commission, and related accounts, including deferred revenue, accounts receivable, and contract assets
* Serve as a primary point of contact for external auditors on all revenue-related matters, providing comprehensive documentation, schedules, and explanations
* Participate in cross-functional initiatives to streamline and automate revenue accounting processes within the ERP system (e.g., NetSuite, Salesforce)
* Collaborate with Finance, Order Operations, and Product teams to set up end-to-end order-to-cash testing for new products, features, and pricing and packaging
* Lead ad hoc reporting and project engagements

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* 5+ years of progressive accounting experience, with at least 2 years focused on revenue accounting
* Deep working knowledge of US GAAP and ASC 606
* Proficiency with a major ERP system (e.g., NetSuite) and advanced Microsoft Excel skills
* Strong analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills with exceptional attention to details
* Experience with NetSuite ARM is a plus
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills combined with experience communicating/collaborating with non-finance teams
* Experience supporting audit processes and working with external auditors
* Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field; CPA preferred

Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

For candidates in the United States, the Compensation Range is : $185,000 – $230,000 USD

For candidates in Canada, the Compensation Range is : $210,000 – $260,000 CAD

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
