---
title: Data Annotation Specialist, Arabic Language Najdi/Hijazi Dialect
status: active
id: 23c35d20-e31e-42bb-a4dc-88a8e063061a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/23c35d20-e31e-42bb-a4dc-88a8e063061a
lastmod: '2026-05-05T20:58:41.917+00:00'
date: '2026-05-05T20:58:41.917+00:00'
location: Canada
departments:
- Data Quality (Contract)
- Multilingual Annotation - Arabic
offices:
- Toronto
- Calgary
- Montreal
- Vancouver
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Why this role?**

We are on a mission to build machines that understand the world and make them safely accessible to all. Data quality is foundational to this process. Machines (or Large Language Models to be exact) learn in similar ways to humans - by way of feedback. By labelling, ranking, auditing, and correcting text output, you will improve Large Language Model’s performance for iterations to come, thus having a lasting impact on Cohere’s tech.

Cohere seeks dynamic and dedicated Data Annotators with exceptional Arabic (Najdi/Hijazi) Writing, Translation, and Data Manipulation skill.

*Please Note:* **This is a part-time independent contractor position available within Canada**. We seek candidates who are able to commit to 16 hours per week minimum at a 30 CAD/hour contract rate. This role is BYOD 💻 - Bring Your Own Device (laptop). Remote work within Canada. 12 month contract. Performance incentives included!

**As a Data Annotation Specialist, you will:**

* **Label and Rank:** Accurately label and rank machine learning data with advanced proficiency in Arabic (Najdi/Hijazi), ensuring data integrity and quality.
* **Audit and Correct:** Scrutinize and rectify any inaccuracies in language data (may include text, image, JSON, TSV/CSV, Markdown), maintaining the highest standard of data accuracy.
* **Reading and Text-Based Tasks:** Efficiently complete reading and text-based assignments, with high attention to detail.
* **Preference-Based Tasks:** Evaluate and complete tasks, assessing which responses in Arabic (Najdi/Hijazi) best conform to project guidelines.
* **Recommend Optimizations:** Identify and suggest opportunities for improving data quality and model performance in Arabic (Najdi/Hijazi) language tasks.
* **Provide Feedback:** Collaborate and communicate effectively, providing feedback to cross-functional team members, particularly on Arabic (Najdi/Hijazi) language-related matters.
* **Detail-Oriented Execution:** Maintain meticulous attention to detail while performing repetitive and precise tasks, particularly when working with language data.

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* Language Proficiency: Native or near-native proficiency in Arabic (Najdi/Hijazi); excellent command over English.
* Expert reading and writing skills - which you are ready to prove on our written test.
* Basic familiarity with JSON/TSV/CSV/Markdown data manipulation.
* Strong attention to detail and commitment to accuracy - you’re the type to proofread all of your emails!
* High tolerance for repetitive and monotonous work.
* Ability to follow complex instructions, navigate ambiguity and work independently.
* Superb sense of urgency and time management.
* Curiosity about technology and a knack for tackling problems in creative ways.
* A reliable laptop.

**The Candidate Journey:**  
**Initial Screening -** Once you have submitted your application our Talent Team will review your resume and writing samples.  
**Virtual Annotation Test -** This assignment will test your written skill through various language-based tasks, such as a a writing sample, interacting with a chat bot, and more.  
**Video Screen -** If selected to move forward, you will have a short video call with a member of our Operations Team!  
**Offer -** Independent Contractor Agreement

As an independent contractor, you maintain control over how you complete your work and may work with multiple clients simultaneously, although we ask you to declare if any of these are with a direct competitor of Cohere and maintain IP confidentiality of the Cohere project. Independent contractors are not eligible for health benefits or other benefits provided to employees. Compensation for services is provided to contractors by contractors invoicing for services provided pursuant to the terms of our agreement with the contractor.

It is important to understand that **as an independent contractor, continuous work is not guaranteed**. The client-contractor relationship is fundamentally **project-based,** *meaning engagements may be temporary, periodic, or intermittent based on our organizational needs and project availability***.** As an independent contractor, you should anticipate fluctuations in workflow and therefore compensation for services when Cohere does not require as many hours of services in a week.

***Prospective candidates, please be advised: this role involves working with human generated and model generated tasks that may involve exposure to not safe for work (NSFW) text content as part of data annotation tasks, including explicit, offensive, or other inappropriate material.***

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.
