---
title: VP Sales, EMEA
status: active
id: 277827a9-02b7-49ca-8590-458e93cab0e6
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/277827a9-02b7-49ca-8590-458e93cab0e6
lastmod: '2026-05-06T14:58:53.413+00:00'
date: '2026-05-06T14:58:53.413+00:00'
location: Berlin
departments:
- Revenue
offices:
- Frankfurt
- Munich
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why This Role?**

As our **VP Sales, EMEA** you will spearhead year-over-year revenue growth by developing and executing on enterprise level customer acquisition strategies across the region. You will drive long-term success through strategic development, coaching, and expanding Cohere’s presence in EMEA. In this pivotal leadership role, you will cultivate and guide our enterprise sales team to exceed revenue targets and organizational goals, while fostering a culture of excellence and innovation.

**As our VP of Sales, you will:**

* Develop, execute, and lead a comprehensive go-to-market growth strategy and strategic sales plan for EMEA, driving revenue growth and market expansion.
* Provide strategic sales and operational leadership to Cohere’s cross-functional teams, ensuring alignment with company objectives
* Serve as the primary representative of Cohere in EMEA, championing the company’s vision, products, and services.
* Partner with global Marketing, Product, and Engineering teams to synchronize sales efforts with broader company goals.
* Represent Cohere at industry events, conferences, and networking opportunities, as well as with regulators and government agencies, in collaboration with the Head of Global Public Sector and Head of Government Affairs & Public Policy.
* Manage and nurture relationships with enterprise-level clients and partners to ensure Cohere’s success in the region. Identify and pursue new business opportunities, negotiating and closing high-value deals.
* Collaborate with global teams to strengthen anchor relationships and establish best practices for enterprise-level project implementations, ensuring strong client engagement throughout project lifecycles.
* Analyze and report on regional market trends, opportunities, client needs, and competitor activities to inform strategic decisions.

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* 15+ years of VP level experience leading go-to-market efforts and driving revenue growth for fast paced technology organization.
* A proven track record of leading enterprise-level consultative solution sales and business development efforts, with a deep understanding of regional GTM strategy, customer success, and resource allocation.
* Exceptional communication and leadership skills, with the ability to build cross-functional relationships and influence at all levels.
* Comfort working in a matrixed environment, coordinating efforts across cross-functional teams and regions without the need for a large direct organization.
* A self-starter with an entrepreneurial mindset, capable of working independently, rolling up sleeves, and driving impact as a ‘builder.’
* Experience in AI or a related industry is highly desirable.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
