---
title: Software Engineer, Collect
status: active
id: 2786dc50-5662-461a-9946-a821ad42816f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/2786dc50-5662-461a-9946-a821ad42816f
lastmod: '2025-10-20T00:47:28.956+00:00'
date: '2025-10-20T00:47:28.956+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Inference
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**As a Software Engineer on the Collect team, you will:**

* Contribute to building critical internal tools and applications relied upon by hundreds of Cohere employees
* Work with a small talented and enthusiastic team of software engineers.
* Contribute to delightful experiences for our user-facing products, meticulously crafting code for browsers and occasionally server code.
* Collaborate and grow with your engineering colleagues of all levels through direct pairing sessions, architectural designs, documentation and talks.
* Identify and remove roadblocks to enable your team to increase its engineering velocity.
* Build resilient systems that are mission-critical.
* Keep up with the cutting edge and adopt new technologies to improve performance and reliability.

**You may be a good fit if:**

* You’ve shipped fast and snappy web apps loved by many users.
* You have experience shipping products with a large number of stakeholders.
* You’re comfortable with the front and back end of the stack, and have previously worked with Next.js, TypeScript, React, and Python.
* You’ve mentored other engineers and are passionate about developing other junior folks.
* You have excellent communication skills and believe that documentation is a great way to get feedback and discuss technical implementations and designs.
* You’re excited to add new technologies to your toolbox and use them where it makes sense.
* You have the ability to take complex needs and goals and develop easy to understand explanations for all audiences.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
