---
title: Senior Financial Analyst, Strategic Finance
status: active
id: 346256f9-88eb-4934-aee7-83b28d60a6d6
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/346256f9-88eb-4934-aee7-83b28d60a6d6
lastmod: '2026-06-17T17:37:43.661+00:00'
date: '2026-06-17T17:37:43.661+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Revenue
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

Job Title: Senior Financial Analyst, Strategic Finance

Location: San Francisco, New York, Toronto, Remote

Department: Finance

Reports To: Lauren Pollak

**Role Overview:**

Cohere is looking for a sharp, commercially-minded Senior Financial Analyst of Strategic Finance to be a key partner to the GTM organization. In this high impact role, you will own our core revenue model, evaluate the ROI of major marketing and sales initiatives, and build the financial frameworks that guide our large-scale commercial deals. If you thrive at the intersection of complex financial modeling, data-driven storytelling, and cross-functional collaboration, this role is for you.

**Key Responsibilities:**

**Revenue Modeling & Strategic Planning**

* Own the core revenue model, serving as the foundational baseline for annual and quarterly planning processes.
* Ensure seamless alignment between sales/marketing targets, operational capacity, and company-wide financial goals.
* Synthesize complex data sets into predictable, driver-based forecasting models.

**Commercial Performance and Reporting**

* Develop robust financial models to forecast and understand the revenue, cost, profitability, and ROI of both new and existing commercial deals.
* Quantify deal impacts on critical SaaS/business metrics, including Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) and Gross Margin.
* Reporting & Variance Analysis: Contribute to monthly and quarterly reporting packages by owning the narrative of commercial deal performance and gross margin storylines.

**GTM Investment ROI & Post-Mortem Analysis**

* Evaluate the financial viability and expected returns on major GTM investments and resource allocations.
* Perform rigorous post-mortem ROI analyses for GTM investments - such as major marketing events or campaigns - to quantify performance against expected returns and inform future capital allocation.

**Qualifications:**

* 5+ years of progressive experience in Corporate Finance, Strategic Finance, or GTM/Sales Finance.
* Experience in a high-growth SaaS highly preferred
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills, including effective communication skills at all levels within the company and the ability to collaborate across functions.
* Proven ability to deliver change, improve and streamline processes, drive efficiency, and influence stakeholders.
* Ability to thrive in fast-paced, constantly involving environments. Startup/scaleup experience is a plus.

Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

For candidates in the US, the Compensation Range is: $115,000 – $175,000 [USD]

For candidates in Canada, the Compensation Range is: $150,000 – $200,000 [CAD]

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
