---
title: Staff Software Engineer, Inference Infrastructure
status: active
id: 41f23dad-9da2-451a-bd1e-a1800437cb64
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/41f23dad-9da2-451a-bd1e-a1800437cb64
lastmod: '2026-01-12T22:53:17.094+00:00'
date: '2026-01-12T22:53:17.094+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Inference
- Model Serving
offices:
- London
- Montreal
- New York
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

### **Why this role?**

Are you energized by building high-performance, scalable and reliable machine learning systems? Do you want to help define and build the next generation of AI platforms powering advanced NLP applications? We are looking for Members of Technical Staff to join the Model Serving team at Cohere. The team is responsible for developing, deploying, and operating the AI platform delivering Cohere's large language models through easy to use API endpoints. In this role, you will work closely with many teams to deploy optimized NLP models to production in low latency, high throughput, and high availability environments. You will also get the opportunity to interface with customers and create customized deployments to meet their specific needs.

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* 5+ years of engineering experience running production infrastructure at a large scale
* Experience designing large, highly available distributed systems with Kubernetes, and GPU workloads on those clusters
* Experience with Kubernetes dev and production coding and support
* Experience with GCP, Azure, AWS, OCI, multi-cloud on-prem / hybrid serving
* Experience in designing, deploying, supporting, and troubleshooting in complex Linux-based computing environments
* Experience in compute/storage/network resource and cost management
* Excellent collaboration and troubleshooting skills to build mission-critical systems, and ensure smooth operations and efficient teamwork
* The grit and adaptability to solve complex technical challenges that evolve day to day
* Familiarity with computational characteristics of accelerators (GPUs, TPUs, and/or custom accelerators), especially how they influence latency and throughput of inference.
* Strong understanding or working experience with distributed systems.
* Experience in Golang, C++ or other languages designed for high-performance scalable servers).

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

*Beware of Scams: Cohere will never ask for payment or third-party services (e.g., CV writing) as part of our hiring process. All legitimate roles are listed on the Cohere careers page and LinkedIn only, with all communications from Cohere employees coming from an @cohere.com or @cw.cohere email alias. If jobs are viewed on other sites then please verify these through our* [*official careers*](https://cohere.com/careers) *page.*
