---
title: IT Support Engineer
status: active
id: 43e8ed06-4f3b-460e-aa8a-a0bde93f7bb5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/43e8ed06-4f3b-460e-aa8a-a0bde93f7bb5
lastmod: '2026-04-08T19:48:08.280+00:00'
date: '2026-04-08T19:48:08.280+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- IT
- Product
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**About the Role:**As the primary IT support point of contact for the New York Cohere office, you’ll provide first-response support for global IT requests during your shift. This is a dynamic, hands-on role where you’ll troubleshoot hardware and software, optimize in-office networking and AV systems, and collaborate cross-functionally to onboard/offboard employees. You’ll also document procedures, manage laptop shipments for the USA region, and ensure seamless Wi-Fi and video conferencing experiences.  
  
**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* Extensive experience supporting and administering Mac, Google Workspace, and Slack.
* Experience supporting and administering MDM (ie. Kandji/Iru or JAMF)
* Strong Okta and Okta Workflow knowledge (Okta Certified Professional/Administrator preferred).
* Familiarity with API orchestration platforms (e.g., Okta Workflows), cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure), GitOps, IaC tools (Terraform), and network authentication protocols (RADIUS).
* Experience with scripting languages (Python) and Google Apps Manager (GAM).
* Solid understanding of networking concepts and internet tooling (Wi-Fi, routers, switches).
* Experience supporting Google Meet and room schedulers.
* Familiar with SOC2 and ISO27001 compliance standards

**In this role, you will:**

* Serve as the first point of contact for IT support requests globally during your shift.
* Provide on-site and remote support, including basic troubleshooting, device setup, and video conferencing assistance.
* Monitor and maintain the device fleet to ensure optimal performance.
* Oversee in-office networking, AV systems, and Wi-Fi infrastructure (routers, switches, WAPs).
* Order and track laptop shipments for the USA region.
* Collaborate with internal teams for employee onboarding and offboarding.
* Document and update IT procedures and SOPs.
* Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve issues for our tools and systems, like Google Workspace, Slack, and Notion.

**Who You Are:**

* A tinkerer who thrives on solving technical challenges with all kinds of technology.
* Organized, thoughtful, and passionate about supporting teammates and improving operational efficiency.
* A clear communicator with a knack for creating processes and training others.
* Hands-on and eager to tackle a variety of tasks, from troubleshooting to system optimization.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
