---
title: Senior Member of Technical Staff, Multimodal AI
status: active
id: 443368a3-6276-4b90-9671-27fed40fd6d2
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/443368a3-6276-4b90-9671-27fed40fd6d2
lastmod: '2024-12-03T14:25:43.571+00:00'
date: '2024-12-03T14:25:43.571+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Modeling
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
- Paris
- San Francisco
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

At Cohere, we believe in the power of multimodal AI to revolutionise the way we interact with technology. Our engineering teams push the boundaries of what's possible, and we're looking for talented individuals to join us on this exciting journey. With an exceptional ratio of compute resources to engineers, we provide an ideal environment for you to explore, innovate and shape the future of AI.  
  
July 31st 2025 - Cohere's Multimodal team Introduced Command A Vision: Multimodal AI Built for Business. At release our new flagship vision-language model:  
● Consistently outperforms major models like Llama 4 Maverick, Mistral Medium/Pixtral Large, and GPT4.1  
● 83.1% average benchmark (73.5% MathVista, 90.9% ChartQA...)   
● Built for the real world - 112B parameters running on just 2 GPUs   
● Open weights live on HuggingFace

With a focused team, breakthrough performance doesn't require breakthrough compute. Focus on the things that matter, and join the team.

**As a Member of Technical Staff with a focus on Multimodal AI, you will:**

* Design and develop cutting-edge multimodal AI systems, integrating various modalities such as text, speech, and vision.
* Conduct research and experiments on our advanced compute infrastructure, exploring novel ideas in multimodal representation learning, transfer learning, and more.
* Collaborate closely with our world-class teams, learning from and contributing to their expertise in the field.

**You are an ideal candidate if you:**

* Possess exceptional software engineering skills, with a proven track record of building robust and scalable systems.
* Have a strong command of Python and are well-versed in popular deep learning frameworks like JAX, PyTorch, and TensorFlow, with an understanding of their multimodal capabilities.
* Knowledge of distributed training strategies, especially for large-scale multimodal models.
* Familiarity with autoregressive models, particularly their application in multimodal tasks such as image or video captioning, speech-to-text generation.
* **Bonus:** Publications in top-tier venues demonstrating your expertise in multimodal AI research.
* **Bonus:** Experience in writing efficient GPU kernels using CUDA, optimising performance for multimodal tasks.

**This role is perfect for you if you:**

* Have a deep passion for machine learning and its potential to impact various industries through multimodal applications.
* Enjoy tuning and optimising large multimodal models, and have experience building evaluations to measure their performance.
* Are comfortable diving into complex ML codebases to identify and resolve issues, ensuring the smooth operation of our systems.
* Thrive in a fast-paced, technically challenging environment, where you can contribute your innovative ideas and solutions.
* Have a history of delivering creative, practical solutions to real-world problems, demonstrating your ability to think outside the box.

If you're excited about the potential of multimodal AI and want to be at the forefront of this rapidly evolving field, we want to hear from you! Join us at Cohere and be a part of a diverse, remote-friendly team that's changing the world of AI.

Please Note: We have offices in Toronto, London, Paris, San Francisco, and New York, but we welcome applications from anywhere in the world. Our team is spread across the globe, and we embrace the benefits of a remote-friendly culture.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
