---
title: Member of Technical Staff, Post-Training
status: active
id: 554a9380-ab50-4338-88a9-c6b8ab19d92e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/554a9380-ab50-4338-88a9-c6b8ab19d92e
lastmod: '2025-06-13T17:17:55.060+00:00'
date: '2025-06-13T17:17:55.060+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Modeling
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
- Paris
- San Francisco
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

Advance the state of the art for model post training, ship state of the art models to production, and bridge the gap between research and production. We have one of the highest ratio of compute to engineers in the world. We do not delineate strongly between engineering and research. Everyone will contribute to writing production code and supporting our research effort depending on individual interest and organisational needs. We have all the compute, data, and talent available for you to do your best work.

*Please Note: We have offices in London, Paris, Toronto, San Francisco and New York but also embrace being remote-friendly!*

**As a Member of Technical Staff, you will:**

* Design and write high-performant and scalable software for training models.
* Consistently post-train the models to reach SOTA level performance.
* Coordinate with other specialist teams (Agentic, Code…) to produce models that have strong all encompassing performance.
* Craft and implement techniques to improve the performance and results of our training cycles both on the SFT and the RL regime.
* Research, implement, and experiment with ideas on our supercompute and data infrastructure.
* Learn from and work with the best researchers in the field.

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* **Extremely strong software engineering skills.**
* Proficiency in Python and related ML frameworks such as JAX, Pytorch and XLA/MLIR.
* Experience with distributed training infrastructures (Kubernetes, Slurm) and associated frameworks (Ray).
* Experience using large-scale distributed training strategies.
* Hands on experience on training large model at scale.
* Hands on experience with the post training phase of model training, with a strong emphasis on performance optimisation.
* *Bonus*: paper at top-tier venues (such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, AIStats, MLSys, JMLR, AAAI, Nature, COLING, ACL, EMNLP).

*\* This is neither an exhaustive nor necessary set of attributes. Even if none of these apply to you, but you believe you will contribute to Cohere, please reach out. We have a wide variety of backgrounds at Cohere.*

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
