---
title: Security Operations Manager
status: active
id: 5585a326-9ec0-488d-b395-45e6f9eee596
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/5585a326-9ec0-488d-b395-45e6f9eee596
lastmod: '2026-03-13T16:18:49.757+00:00'
date: '2026-03-13T16:18:49.757+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Product
- Security
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**As a Senior Operations Manager you will:**

* Serve as trusted advisor to team’s leadership and partner teams by clearly articulating business risks associated with security issues
* Execute the long-term vision for the Security team in alignment with Cohere’s product and business goals.
* Collaborate closely with leadership to prioritize high-impact initiatives and strategic customer engagements.
* Secure cloud infrastructure, platform, and data through architecture reviews, automation, and continuous monitoring to mitigate cloud-specific risks (Cloud Security)
* Own identify and access management across Cohere systems and data ensuring robust identity governance, authentication and authorization mechanisms to applications and infrastructure (IAM)
* Detect, analyze, and respond to security threats in real time while maintaining visibility across the enterprise
* Minimize business impact from security incidents through rapid containment, eradication, and recovery (D&R)
* Lead and grow a high-performing team of Security engineers through hiring, coaching, and mentorship
* Foster a culture of ownership, innovation, and continuous learning.
* Establish and evolve team processes to maximize productivity and execution speed.

**You may be a good fit if:**

* You have 8+ years of previous experience in Security Operations / Detection and Response Engineering with a strong focus on cloud security & identity and access management.
* You have a deep understanding of various security domains such as network security, identity governance, infrastructure security, external attack surface management and are well versed with industry best practices across security domains.
* You are comfortable with ambiguity and are able to make informed decisions with little data.
* You employ a flexible and constructive approach when solving problems.
* You are able to make trade-offs between build vs. buy decisions—help build solutions and be able to review what tools are available.
* You understand secure engineering best practices, can articulate problem statements, and propose solutions to both technically savvy and non-technical audiences.
* You have a deep technical understanding of common security vulnerabilities and risks, as well as countermeasures and compensating controls.

If some of the above doesn't line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
