---
title: Talent Acquisition Partner - Tech Recruiter
status: active
id: 56dfc4ad-c43d-4f59-85cf-6a81c3a33099
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/56dfc4ad-c43d-4f59-85cf-6a81c3a33099
lastmod: '2026-04-29T11:22:52.093+00:00'
date: '2026-04-29T11:22:52.093+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- People
- Talent Acquisition
offices:
- London
- Montreal
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

We are expanding our Talent Team and are looking for a creative, high-performing Technical Recruitereager to take on a new challenge.

In this role, you will ownfull cycle recruitment efforts across our tech teams, including Research, Applied ML, and Engineering.

**As a Talent Partner at Cohere, you will:**

* Own a world class full lifecycle recruitment process, attracting and recruiting top talent for a large volume of senior level roles across engineering teams.
* Partner with hiring managers and org leaders on effective recruiting strategies. Influence where necessary.
* Manage recruiting funnels in Ashby, with diligence.
* Proactively source and recruit top talent.
* Take initiative, introducing talent projects in an effort to optimize efficiencies and take ownership of these projects.

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* 7+ years of full-cycle recruiting experience at high growth technology companies with a focus on delivering top talent for Research, MLE and Engineering teams.
* Experience managing a high volume senior level desk at a hyper growth startup/scale-up.
* Creative problem solving skills & thrive under pressure.
* Strong ability to excel in rapidly evolving ambiguous environments.
* You are a natural entrepreneur, an influencer, and enjoy working cross-functionally.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
