---
title: Product Marketing Manager
status: active
id: 5cf3bd63-cf1d-441a-9db5-2032ca8449b8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/5cf3bd63-cf1d-441a-9db5-2032ca8449b8
lastmod: '2026-05-13T21:18:49.332+00:00'
date: '2026-05-13T21:18:49.332+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- London
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

The Product Marketing Manager will be responsible for developing and executing marketing strategies for artificial intelligence (AI) products, with a focus on driving product adoption and business growth. They will lead the strategy and go-to-market for product positioning and competitive differentiation across all stages of the buyer and customer journey.

This role requires a deep understanding of AI technologies and the ability to develop and execute effective marketing strategies that drive growth and increase market share and competitiveness. The Product Marketing Manager will collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software developers, data scientists, marketing teams, sales staff, and senior company leadership, to ensure successful execution of all marketing initiatives.

They will be responsible for optimizing marketing strategies, managing product launches, developing sales enablement materials, and working with internal and external stakeholders to drive product innovation.

**In this role you will:**

* Work with product managers to understand the key value proposition and target markets and devise marketing campaigns that will drive demand
* Devise and execute on marketing campaigns, promotions, content marketing initiatives, and build sales trainings/collateral
* Ensure consistency in brand voice and tone across all content
* Collaborate with internal teams and external partners to deliver content on time and aligned with business objectives
* Oversee strategic product launches from beta thru GA, ensuring targets are met
* Enable sales teams at all levels on Cohere’s value proposition and messaging
* Conduct competitive analysis to inform product development, pricing, and marketing activities

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* Experience with LLMs and RAG
* 5+ years of product marketing experience in Enterprise software and SaaS
* High level of technical acumen and understanding of complex technologies
* Ability to operate in a fast-moving and constantly changing environment
* Strong interpersonal skills with a strong sense of conviction and diplomacy
* Strong communication skills, verbal and written
* Strong sense of ownership

Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

For candidates in the US, the Compensation Range is : $130,000 - $165,000 USD

For candidates in Canada, the Compensation Range is : $145,000 – $185,00 CAD

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
