---
title: Member of Technical Staff, Data Analysis and Evaluation
status: active
id: 61703710-4379-42fd-a508-946f2a5fb6bc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/61703710-4379-42fd-a508-946f2a5fb6bc
lastmod: '2025-12-15T18:01:24.544+00:00'
date: '2025-12-15T18:01:24.544+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Modeling
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
- Paris
- San Francisco
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Why this role?**

As a Member of Technical Staff in Data Analysis and Evaluation, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring the quality, reliability, and performance of our large language models (LLMs). Your primary focus will be on designing and conducting data collection tasks, assessing and evaluating dataset quality, and analysing the robustness and generalisability of our models. You will work closely with cross-functional teams, including researchers, engineers, and data annotators, to conduct data-driven decision-making and improve the overall effectiveness of our AI systems.

This role combines expertise in statistics, experimental design incl. human annotators, and machine learning to ensure that our models are trained on high-quality data and perform reliably across diverse scenarios. You will contribute to Cohere’s mission of advancing AI by ensuring our systems are robust, scalable, and impactful.

*Please Note: We have offices in London, Paris, Toronto, San Francisco, and New York, but we also embrace being remote-friendly! There are no restrictions on where you can be located for this role.*

**As a Member of Technical Staff for Data Analysis and Evaluation you will:**

* Design and oversee data collection tasks, including supporting human annotators and ensuring data quality.
* Develop and apply statistical methods to evaluate the quality and reliability of datasets.
* Analyse and assess the generalisability and robustness of ML systems across diverse use cases.
* Collaborate with teams to improve dataset quality and model performance.
* Train and fine-tune large language models (LLMs) on distributed training infrastructures.
* Conduct experiments to evaluate model performance and identify areas for improvement.

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* **Extremely strong software engineering skills.**

* Strong expertise in designing and conducting data collection tasks, including working with human annotators.
* Strong statistical skills and experience evaluating scientific experiments related to data collection and model performance.
* Experience analysing datasets with respect to their quality, biases, and suitability for training ML models.
* Hands-on experience training large language models (LLMs) on distributed training infrastructures.
* Familiarity with evaluating and improving the generalisability and robustness of ML systems.
* Proficiency in programming languages such as Python and ML frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow, JAX).
* Excellent communication skills to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and present findings.
* One or more papers at top-tier venues (such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, AIStats, MLSys, JMLR, AAAI, Nature, COLING, ACL, EMNLP).

*\* This is neither an exhaustive nor necessary set of attributes. Even if none of these apply to you, but you believe you will contribute to Cohere, please reach out. We value diverse backgrounds and perspectives at Cohere.*

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
