---
title: Forward Deployed Engineer, Prompt Specialist
status: active
id: 6745547c-cc72-466c-867c-a0539b04909b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/6745547c-cc72-466c-867c-a0539b04909b
lastmod: '2025-11-07T01:53:56.915+00:00'
date: '2025-11-07T01:53:56.915+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Agentic Platform
offices:
- New York
- San Francisco
- Montreal
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Why This Role**

This role offers a rare opportunity to shape how enterprises securely harness the power of AI in mission-critical environments. Acting as the bridge between our North platform and enterprise engineering teams, you’ll guide a talented group of engineers to deliver cutting-edge, scalable agentic AI solutions to clients in sectors like finance, healthcare, and telecommunications. Our customers include global leaders such as RBC, Dell, and LG CNS.

**In this role, you will:**

* **Prompt Optimization:** Review, refine, and iterate on prompts for Cohere’s Command model to enhance performance across diverse customer agents and use cases.

* **Tool Development & Evaluation:** Collaborate with clients to refine custom tools and conduct rigorous evaluations to ensure alignment with their objectives.
* **Core Agent Development:** Contribute to defining and shaping core agents for out-of-the-box (OOTB) deployment on Cohere’s North platform, driving innovation in agent capabilities.
* **Customer-Centric Solutions:** Deeply understand customer business needs, then design and build tailored agents that deliver measurable improvements to their operations.
* **Metric-Driven Collaboration:** Partner directly with customers to define and track key metrics. Quality, efficiency, and accuracy— ensuring agents meet and exceed their goals.

**You may be a fit if:**

* **Proven Experience:** Track record of deploying LLM-powered agents in production environments, with a focus on scalability and real-world impact.
* **Enterprise Passion:** Enthusiasm for solving complex challenges in enterprise settings through agent-based solutions.
* **Cross-Industry Collaborator:** Thrive in collaborative environments, bringing diverse perspectives and knowledge from varied industries to drive innovation.
* **Technical Versatility:** Comfortable operating at the intersection of software engineering and machine learning, bridging technical and business needs.
* **Analytical Foundation:** Background in analytics, NLP, or related fields.
* **Experience Level:** 0–5 years of professional experience, with a growth mindset and eagerness to shape the future of AI-driven agents.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
