---
title: Solutions Architect
status: active
id: 67c4c05a-f7ab-48dc-a779-af835e2d36f1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/67c4c05a-f7ab-48dc-a779-af835e2d36f1
lastmod: '2026-05-28T07:51:42.381+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T07:51:42.381+00:00'
location: Saudi Arabia
departments:
- Revenue
- Solutions Architecture
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Why this role?**

In this role as the founding Solutions Architect for Cohere in KSA, you will play an instrumental part in growing Cohere’s business in both Saudi Arabia and the wider GCC. You will partner with Account Executives, Partners, and our Executive Leadership Team to communicate and demonstrate the value of our technology to the market, and build on the success of our flagship customers, like STC.

Solution Architects (SAs) at Cohere sit at the cross-section of Forward Deployed Engineering and AI transformation. Our SAs embody the following traits:

* **Technical experts** in the field
* **Trusted advisors** to customers and colleagues
* **Product evangelists** of Cohere technology
* **Thought leaders** in pushing the frontiers of applied AI

Responsibilities include developing a deep understanding of customer problems, mapping them to Cohere solutions, and working closely with our partners as the trusted technical advisor who owns the technical relationship with our stakeholders. By leveraging your expertise, you will help to increase the adoption of Cohere products, both internally and externally, and will gather valuable insights and feedback from customers to help shape the future of our products.

In this dynamic and demanding role, you will need to be both a strategic thinker and a builder. You will personally lead the design and deployment of customer pilots that showcase the impact of our technology to strategic enterprise and government customers.

As the technical relationship owner, you will collaborate with stakeholders to understand their business objectives and translate those into our technical solutions. You will take ownership of the customer narrative, serving as the voice of the customer and acting as a liaison between the customer and our product team. Additionally, you will provide guidance on best practices for using Cohere, identify areas for improvement within the platform, and cultivate technical champions within customer organizations to drive adoption and gather feedback to enhance our products.

**A typical day at Cohere might include:**

* Leading the technical talk track on customer calls.
* Designing enterprise architectures for North deployments.
* Deep dives on customer queries and Cohere technology.
* Facilitating customer evaluations and pilots.
* Developing and documenting processes to enable the solutions architect team and adjacent teams to scale effectively within Cohere.
* Collaborating with the Product and Engineering teams to ensure our offering matches the customers’ needs.
* Working closely with our partners to develop a strategy for enabling and accelerating their customers.

**This might be for you if you have some of the following:**

* 5+ years of customer-facing technical pre/post sales Solutions Architect/Solutions Engineer/Sales Engineer/Digital Strategy Consultant (or similar) experience.
* A passion for Generative AI, and an understanding of strengths and weaknesses of Generative LLMs and AI technologies.
* Familiarity with foundational ML concepts (training, evaluation, etc.)
* Excellent communication skills - you can toggle seamlessly between presenting to CEOs, and getting in the weeds with technical audiences.
* Thrives within ambiguous and uncharted environments
* You can identify and implement high-impact processes in unstructured environments.
* Comfortable working with Python and Assistive Coding tools
* **Preferred: 2+ years architecting or deploying NLP/AI/LLM Solutions.**
* **Preferred: Experience customising models for specific business/organizational objectives**
* **Preferred: Experience architecting or deploying in cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure, OCI)**
* **Must have: native-level Arabic**

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
