---
title: IT Operations Specialist (12 month contract)
status: active
id: 686ef280-eea8-4012-b9e6-9cb23c0c22ab
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/686ef280-eea8-4012-b9e6-9cb23c0c22ab
lastmod: '2025-11-06T12:53:16.436+00:00'
date: '2025-11-06T12:53:16.436+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- IT
- Product
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

***Note: this role is an onsite role for our London office***

**As an IT Operations Specialist, you will:**

* Be the primary support point of contact for the UK Cohere office
* Provide first response for all IT support requests for all Cohere employees globally during your shift
* Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware and software problems, and provide employee training on our tools and systems (Google Workspace, Slack, Notion etc.)
* Work in tandem with our People Ops team to help onboard and offboard employees seamlessly.
* Order and track laptop shipments globally, going to all new hires
* Oversee our in-office networking and AV requirements, and continually work to improve and optimize our current setup.
* Assist with cycle counts, purchasing, and maintaining inventory of IT equipment for local and remote employees globally.
* Document and update IT procedures and SOPs as required
* Provide 1st level support to the office's wifi networks (routers/switches, WAPs)  
  Provide white glove service to c-suite level stakeholders
* Provide A/V support for events (e.g. podcasts / conference calls with microphones and speakers)
* Navigate changing priorities. You could be providing basic troubleshooting for laptops, monitoring our device fleet, helping with video conferencing issues (either in-office or remotely), or helping new hires set up their devices

**You may be a good fit if:**

* You have strong Mac, Google Workspace, and Slack support experience
* Strong Okta knowledge. (preferably Okta Certified Professional/Administrator)
* Experience with scripting languages (e.g., Python, PowerShell).
* Knowledge of cybersecurity best practices and data protection regulations (e.g., GDPR).
* You’re a tinkerer and love working with all kinds of technology
* You’re experienced with supporting Google Meet, Crestron, room schedulers, and have a solid understanding of networking concepts, internet tooling (wifi, routers, switches)
* You love hands-on work and look forward to helping your teammates solve technical challenges
* You’re organized, thoughtful, and eager to support and help train your customers
* You’re a clear communicator, interested in creating processes to improve overall operational efficiency

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
