---
title: Technical Revenue Manager
status: active
id: 789b6d55-f54d-469c-9458-2ed8410c26db
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/789b6d55-f54d-469c-9458-2ed8410c26db
lastmod: '2026-04-13T16:34:36.598+00:00'
date: '2026-04-13T16:34:36.598+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Business Operations
- Finance
offices:
- San Francisco
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Technical Revenue Manager**

Multiple Locations (San Francisco, New York, Toronto, Remote) • Full time • Hybrid/Remote

Cohere is at the forefront of AI innovation, building cutting-edge language models and AI systems. Our Finance team plays a critical role in supporting our rapid growth and ensuring operational excellence. We value technical expertise, collaborative problem-solving, and a commitment to accuracy and compliance. This role offers the opportunity to make a significant impact on our financial infrastructure while working at the intersection of finance and transformative technology. As we scale our business and navigate an evolving revenue landscape, we need a Technical Revenue Manager to own complex revenue technical positions for AI-native companies, ensuring robust revenue recognition frameworks that support our innovative product offerings and monetization strategies.

**In this role, you will:**

* Own complex revenue technical positions for AI-native companies, focusing on high-impact revenue recognition projects that elevate our accounting and reporting capabilities
* Analyze and implement accounting treatment for complex revenue transactions, including non-standard revenue contracts, modifications, new product offerings, credit-based pricing, and usage-based models
* Review complex revenue arrangements to identify key terms and conditions that impact revenue recognition, deploying scalable accounting for these transactions
* Design and implement systems and processes to automate revenue recognition in alignment with revenue recognition policies and objectives
* Partner with the Deal Desk, Go-to-Market, and Strategic Finance teams to standardize and automate deal approvals, optimizing revenue recognition while supporting sales initiatives
* Execute complex ASC 606 technical evaluations and draft comprehensive revenue accounting memos
* Assist with the external audit process and participate in and/or lead ad hoc projects with cross-functional impacts

**You may be a good fit if you:**

* Have 6+ years of experience in ASC 606 for SaaS, consumption-based, and professional services arrangements
* Have 6+ years of experience in internal controls, SOX/ICFR, audit, financial process risk, or financial operations within high-growth, tech, or SaaS environments
* Have proven experience advising Product and GTM teams on revenue recognition implications
* Demonstrate strong contract review experience with multi-element arrangements, milestone-based SOWs, and credit/usage models
* Have familiarity with order-to-cash workflows and revenue automation tools (e.g., NetSuite ARM, etc)
* Show expert knowledge of consumption-based and subscription billing models with experience in complex pricing structures
* Take a proactive, solutions-oriented approach to problem-solving in fast-paced, dynamic environments

**Apply:**

If you are passionate about solving complex revenue challenges in a dynamic AI environment and want to join a team that values technical excellence and innovation, we encourage you to apply.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
