---
title: Senior Research Scientist, Cohere Labs
status: active
id: 7ec9eaf4-8cfc-4977-9041-86f73e7ab10b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/7ec9eaf4-8cfc-4977-9041-86f73e7ab10b
lastmod: '2025-09-22T19:51:53.661+00:00'
date: '2025-09-22T19:51:53.661+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Cohere Labs
offices:
- Canada
- Europe
- United Kingdom
- United States
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Why join Cohere Labs?**

Cohere Labs is the dedicated research arm of Cohere. Our mission is to push the boundaries of machine learning by tackling frontier challenges and opening new pathways for discovery. We believe the future of AI will be shaped not only by technical breakthroughs, but also by creating spaces where diverse communities of researchers, engineers, and multidisciplinary experts can come together to explore bold ideas.

We pursue this mission in two ways:

1. **Creating open research spaces** that connect people across backgrounds to contribute to cutting-edge ML and NLP research.
2. **Expanding access to research training**, bringing in fresh voices and perspectives from around the world.

**About the role**

As a Senior Research Scientist at Cohere Labs, you’ll drive an independent, high-impact research agenda on frontier topics in AI. You’ll have the freedom to ask ambitious questions, explore the unknown, and publish your findings openly. We’re particularly excited by work that not only advances science, but also engages with the societal implications of machine learning.

This role is for someone who thrives at the intersection of leading and learning: advancing frontier research with global collaborations, guiding new researchers, and opening doors for broader participation in ML research.

**You may be a fit if you:**

* Have a PhD (or equivalent research experience) with a strong track record of publications in ML, AI, statistics, or related fields.
* Bring expertise or deep curiosity in areas such as: efficiency, optimization, reasoning, multimodality, agentic systems, human–AI collaboration.
* Have solid machine learning and NLP fundamentals, with experience in shaping and executing original research.
* Enjoy collaborating across disciplines and geographies.
* Care about mentoring and supporting the next generation of researchers.

At Cohere Labs, we don’t just work on today’s problems — we’re building foundations for the future of AI research. If you want to explore big questions, collaborate widely, and make lasting contributions, we’d love to hear from you.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
