---
title: Senior Member of Technical Staff, Web Data
status: active
id: 82ec1512-5bc3-49dd-b995-b6abc2a958d7
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/82ec1512-5bc3-49dd-b995-b6abc2a958d7
lastmod: '2026-06-01T15:57:04.864+00:00'
date: '2026-06-01T15:57:04.864+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Modeling
offices:
- Europe
- London
- New York
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

As a Senior Member of Technical Staff specializing in web data for pre-training, you will play a pivotal role in developing the large scale web data pipeline that underpins Cohere’s advanced language models. In this role, you will work extensively with Common Crawl and other large-scale web corpora, transforming raw, noisy internet data into high-quality training data for pretraining. You will own key components of the data pipeline, including extraction, parsing, deduplication, and filtering. You will also analyze the composition and quality of web data, study its impact on downstream model performance, and collaborate closely with the broader data and evaluation teams to iterate on the training corpus.

Your work will be essential to Cohere’s mission of delivering efficient and reliable language understanding and generation capabilities, driving innovation in natural language processing. If you are passionate about transforming data into the foundation of AI systems, this role offers a unique opportunity to make a meaningful impact.

*Please Note: We have offices in London, Paris, Toronto, San Francisco and New York but also embrace being remote-friendly! There are no restrictions on where you can be located for this role. (EST/EU)*

As a Senior Member of Technical Staff, Web Data, you will:

* Maintain large-scale pipelines for processing web corpora.
* Work on filtering and quality-scoring systems to identify high-value web documents.
* Analyze web data composition across domains, languages and time periods.
* Develop and maintain highly-performant deduplication pipelines.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including researchers and engineers, to ensure data pipelines meet the demands of cutting-edge language models.

You may be a good fit if you have:

* Strong software engineering skills, with proficiency in Python and experience building data pipelines.
* Familiarity with data processing frameworks such as Apache Spark, Apache Beam, Pandas, or similar tools.
* Experience working with large-scale web datasets.
* Knowledge of data quality assessment techniques and experimentation with data mixtures.
* A passion for bridging research and engineering to solve complex data-related challenges in AI model training.

*Bonus*: paper at top-tier venues (such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, AIStats, MLSys, JMLR, AAAI, Nature, COLING, ACL, EMNLP).

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
