---
title: Senior Finance Manager
status: active
id: 84d6971b-7d80-4218-85c1-6825fdfa081a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/84d6971b-7d80-4218-85c1-6825fdfa081a
lastmod: '2026-04-29T20:04:29.919+00:00'
date: '2026-04-29T20:04:29.919+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Business Operations
- Finance
offices:
- New York
- Toronto
- United States
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**About this role:**

In this high-impact role, you will sit at the intersection of Finance, Sales, Marketing, and Partnerships. You will use your strong finance acumen and leadership skills to influence revenue plans and annual quotas targets, structure deals and strategic partnerships and optimize Cohere’s customer acquisition costs. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned leader who can blend traditional financial rigor with the agility and foresight required in a high-growth environment. You will own and drive business-critical analyses, and prepare Cohere for growth and scale.

**Financial Planning & Revenue Strategy**

* Lead the annual and quarterly planning process for revenue, ensuring alignment between GTM targets and company-wide financial goals.
* In close partnership with Sales Leadership, design sales quota allocation across regions and develop the perspective on capacity planning (i.e. how many reps Cohere needs to hire as it scales?)
* Establish the ROI framework for GTM investments, performing rigorous post-mortem analyses on high-spend initiatives - such as major marketing events or campaigns - to quantify performance against expected returns and inform future capital allocation.

**Strategic Partnership & Analysis:**

* Lead the financial evaluation and structuring of all major commercial deals and strategic partnerships; connect the dots between cross-functional stakeholders to drive success outcomes.
* Collaborate with the Sales, Business Development and Legal teams to define financial terms, performance milestones, and payout structures that align partner incentives with the company's long-term financial goals.
* Develop robust financial models to forecast the revenue, cost, profitability and ROI of new and existing deals, quantifying their impact on key metrics like ARR and gross margin.
* Monitor and track the financial performance of commercial deals post-execution, ensuring compliance with contractual financial obligations and contributing to annual partner performance reviews.

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* 12+ years of experience in an FP&A, Corporate Finance or Strategic Finance within public and/or high-growth private companies, or a combination of education and experience
* Proven leadership experience preferred
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills, including effective communication skills at all levels within the Company and the ability to collaborate across functions.
* Proven ability to deliver change, improve and streamline processes, drive efficiency, and influence stakeholders.
* Ability to thrive in fast-paced, constantly involving environments. Startup/scaleup experience is a plus.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
