---
title: Member of Technical Staff, MLE (UK/EU)
status: active
id: 876a2d31-e6c3-497b-9c8e-0b7d111fb4cd
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/876a2d31-e6c3-497b-9c8e-0b7d111fb4cd
lastmod: '2025-09-30T11:43:27.526+00:00'
date: '2025-09-30T11:43:27.526+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Applied-ML
- Modeling
offices:
- Paris
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**  
As a Member of Technical Staff on our Applied ML team, you will work directly with customers to quickly understand their greatest problems and design and implement solutions using Large Language Models.  
  
You’ll apply your problem-solving ability, creativity, and technical skills to close the last-mile gap in Enterprise AI adoption. You’ll be able to deliver products like early startup CTOs/CEOs do and disrupt some of the most important industries and institutions globally!

**As a Member of Technical Staff, you will:**

* Plan and execute large-group projects that carry through from ideation to production.
* Bring cross-functional alignment across engineering, product and other disciplines.
* Mentor a distributed team of engineers in subject matter expertise.
* Identify opportunities and gaps in existing models and strategize what to work on.
* Work closely with product teams to develop solutions.
* Engage in collaborations with our partner organizations.
* Assist our legal teams with preparation of patents on developed IP.
* Join us at a pivotal moment, shape what we build and wear multiple hats!

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* Prior experience in leading ML teams in applied research and production.
* Prior experience in setting as well as executing technical direction to build new or to refine existing products.
* Prior experience in working cross-discipline in matrixed organizations.
* Proficiency in Python and related ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, TF-Serving, JAX, and XLA/MLIR.
* Experience using large-scale distributed training and inference.
* Strong mentorship, communication, and problem-solving skills.
* A demonstrated passion for applied ML models and products.
* Bonus: experience working for B2B companies in the ML space.

*\* This is neither an exhaustive nor necessary set of attributes. Even if none of these apply to you, but you believe you will contribute to Cohere, please reach out. We have a wide variety of backgrounds at Cohere.*

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
