---
title: Senior Financial Analyst - Workforce Planning & Forecasting
status: active
id: 8a5be85b-4185-46ae-bccb-a7fb20f0b84e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/8a5be85b-4185-46ae-bccb-a7fb20f0b84e
lastmod: '2026-05-10T20:03:04.087+00:00'
date: '2026-05-10T20:03:04.087+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Business Operations
- Finance
offices:
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**As a Senior Financial Analyst on our team, your responsibilities include:**

* **Financial Modeling and Analysis**: Develop dynamic financial models to evaluate business performance across margins and operating expenses including **payroll**, and non labor related expenses across S&M, R&D, and G&A teams.
* **Budgeting & Forecasting**: Assist in building and maintaining department-level budgets and company-wide forecasts, working closely with business leaders to align financial plans with operational goals.
* **Reporting & Variance Analysis**: Prepare monthly reporting packages, analyzing variances between actuals, forecasts, and budgets, and analyze drivers with functional teams.
* **Business Partnering**: Collaborate with cross-functional teams (e.g., Strategy, Business Operations, Engineering) to provide financial support and help drive performance.
* **Data & Systems Management**: Leverage financial systems (e.g., NetSuite, Google Sheets/Excel) to ensure data accuracy, streamline processes, and improve reporting efficiency.

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Accounting, or related quantitative field. MBA, CFA, or CPA is a plus.
* 7+ years of progressive experience in FP&A with an emphasis on global payroll and resource management and running month-end operations.
* Expert level Excel/Google Sheets financial modeling skills; familiarity with ERP systems.
* Strong leadership, interpersonal, and communication skills, including effective communication skills at all levels within the Company and the ability to collaborate with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Proven ability to deliver change, improve and streamline processes, drive efficiency, and influence stakeholders.
* Ability to thrive in fast-paced, constantly involving environments. Startup/scaleup experience is a plus.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
