---
title: Corporate Communications Coordinator
status: active
id: 8b968c78-5399-45b9-a1c5-84a97ba7b60e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/8b968c78-5399-45b9-a1c5-84a97ba7b60e
lastmod: '2026-07-14T16:04:25.425+00:00'
date: '2026-07-14T16:04:25.425+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- PR & Communications
offices:
- New York
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

Cohere has a strong AI narrative, the most deployable product, and a CEO who co-authored the foundational paper of modern AI. The company is positioned to become the transatlantic leader in sovereign AI for enterprise and government, and needs a storytelling engine to deliver that story at scale. This role sits within the team that is building that engine.

In this cross functional role, you will support and project manage for the Corporate Communications team and their many critical functions including corporate, executive, policy, internal, crisis, and enterprise communications. You'll build the communications analytics, agentic transformation and global agency management functions. You’ll also be in charge of various special projects, often in tandem with the Government Affairs and Public Policy teams.

This is a rare opportunity to support the larger communications function at a fast-growing company in the most dynamic space in technology. This is a role for someone who's excited to learn and try new things - who can be a champion for how the communications team shows up internally and externally globally.

**As Coordinator, you will:**

* Build the reporting and analytics function from the ground up
* Spearhead development of agentic transformation, including building agents to help make the Comms team run more efficiently
* Support Senior Manager, Corporate Communications in their work alongside with executive leadership, people operations product teams, and external stakeholders to craft clear, compelling messaging and materials that support business priorities, organizational changes, and market positioning
* Oversee implementation of comprehensive Corporate Communications strategies that align with organizational goals, values, and brand positioning across internal and external audiences
* Assist teams in their ideation and execution of rapid response execution
* Pitch in with high-impact communications forums including executive speaking engagements, industry conferences, customer events, and internal leadership gatherings
* Work with leaders to optimize corporate communications channel ecosystem—including earned media, owned channels, executive communications, and employee engagement tools—while innovating with emerging formats and technologies
* Support team in their cross-functional storytelling initiatives that connect daily work to Cohere's mission, amplify customer success stories, and elevate executive thought leadership in the marketplace

**You may be a good fit if you:**

* Have 1-3 years of experience supporting in-house communications teams, ideally within a fast-paced, high-growth tech or AI environment
* Are adept not only at building agents to increase productivity, but in communicating and scaling them across teams
* Are scrappy. You thrive in thinking “outside the box” and find joy in marrying a problem to its solution
* Are interested to learn more about policy and regulatory communications
* Are an exceptional writer with a talent for distilling complex, cross-functional topics into simple, compelling narratives
* Are highly organized and process-driven, with strong project management skills and a bias for action
* Bring high levels of creativity to communications – in format, channel, and storytelling
* Are comfortable navigating organizational dynamics and building strong relationships across all levels
* Thrive in ambiguous, fast-moving environments and know how to prioritize ruthlessly

Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

For candidates in the United States, the Compensation Range is : $50,000 - $100,000 USD

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

*Beware of Scams: Cohere will never ask for payment or third-party services (e.g., CV writing) as part of our hiring process. All legitimate roles are listed on the Cohere careers page and LinkedIn only, with all communications from Cohere employees coming from an @cohere.com or @cw.cohere email alias. If jobs are viewed on other sites then please verify these through our* [*official careers*](https://cohere.com/careers) *page.*
