---
title: Software Engineer Intern (Fall / Winter 2026)
status: active
id: 8c035d3d-081d-4c8a-914a-72f4efaad254
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/8c035d3d-081d-4c8a-914a-72f4efaad254
lastmod: '2026-05-01T20:20:40.899+00:00'
date: '2026-05-01T20:20:40.899+00:00'
location: Canada
departments:
- Internships
offices:
- United States
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

This role is for students who are excited about building the next generation of machine learning models and NLP products. Our SWE roles can cover creating datasets for machine learning, scaling the pods to serve our API, or even building out new security features on our platform. We don't distinguish much between interns and full-time employees, and you’ll have plenty of opportunities to push code to production. You'll have full autonomy and ownership over high-impact work, and will be backed by the support of an incredible team or leaders & mentors.

Join us at a pivotal moment, shape what we build, and wear multiple hats!  
We're currently hiring for multiple teams and roles, including Frontend, Backend, Full-stack, and Infrastructure roles. We'll take your interests & experience into account throughout the application process.  
Our recruitment process will begin in the upcoming weeks, and we will be carefully reviewing applications and assessing potential candidates for our internships. Should we find a suitable match with your qualifications and our requirements, we will be in touch to discuss the opportunity further and to advance your application to the next stage.

**Please Note:** To be eligible for this position, you should be currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and available for a full-time 3-6 month internship, co-op, or research work term.

**As a Software Engineering Intern, you will:**

* Ship delightful experiences for our user-facing products, meticulously crafting code for browsers or server code.
* Build features for the API platform that directly impact users.
* Design and implement robust data pipelines (crawlers, storage, filters).
* Design and implement scalable services or infrastructure for machine learning development.
* Build internal tooling (CI/CD, dev utilities) to move faster together.
* Build tech writing skills through maintaining and contributing to technical documentation, both internal and external facing.
* Keep up with the cutting edge and adopt new technologies to improve performance and reliability across Cohere.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
