---
title: Content Strategist, EMEA (DE & EN) - Contract
status: active
id: 9cb0729c-5bb4-403d-8234-9625bf7c9a1b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/9cb0729c-5bb4-403d-8234-9625bf7c9a1b
lastmod: '2026-06-12T12:22:08.684+00:00'
date: '2026-06-12T12:22:08.684+00:00'
location: Germany
departments:
- Marketing
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Role Overview*****:***   
We are seeking a bilingual German and English content strategist for a 90-day contract. This is not just a copywriting gig. We want someone who knows how to identify story opportunities, find compelling narrative angles in complex topics, and build marketing assets in various media formats for EMEA audiences, to start. You will work as part of a pod of content strategists and writers under the leadership of the Senior Manager of Content Strategy.  
  
**Key Responsibilities:**

* Local thought leadership: Responsible for cultivating relationships with EMEA-based Cohere leaders and subject matter experts to share their perspectives in unique, compelling ways on owned media channels.
* Data storytelling: Synthesizing new and upcoming global research to produce data-led stories that position Cohere as the sovereign AI leader in the EMEA marketplace.
* Localization support: Determining if existing North American thought leadership and research efforts have any relevance for EMEA and translating if appropriate.
* Conversion copywriting: Supporting the Growth Team with any German-language copywriting support across email, social ads, CTV, etc.  
    
  **Qualifications:**
* Must possess Full Professional/Full Bilingual (i.e. C2 level) English & German language skills. **Please do not apply for the role if you do not meet this basic requirement.**
* Based in Europe (GMT +1 or +2 time zones). Flexibility in work hours are required in order to partner effectively with the North American Content Team (Eastern & Pacific Time Zones)
* Bachelor's degree (or European equivalent)
* At least 8 years of professional experience in journalism, public relations, or technology marketing
* Experience producing multimedia stories for non-technical audiences in B2B, tech, and/or AI industries
* Strong critical thinking, analytical, and editorial judgment skills
* Bonus: Familiar with the AI technology regulatory environment in EMEA
* Bonus: Video editing skills  
    
  Please include a link to a recent digital portfolio with your application.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
