---
title: Recruitment Coordinator
status: active
id: 9d5397c6-27c1-41ec-b685-1db83ea941c3
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/9d5397c6-27c1-41ec-b685-1db83ea941c3
lastmod: '2026-05-20T17:37:41.614+00:00'
date: '2026-05-20T17:37:41.614+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- People
- Talent Acquisition
offices:
- Boston
- Montreal
- New York
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**About the Role:**

Cohere seeks a high-performing Recruitment Coordinator eager to take on new and demanding challenges. If you consider yourself resilient, collaborative and influential, we’d love to hear from you. In this role you will be a liaison between teams supporting hiring managers, the Talent Team, the People team, and more. Our Recruitment Coordinators are a primary internal and external point of contact. You will manage the candidate experience, build strong relationships, manage dozens of calendars and the interview process for 100s of candidates simultaneously with seamless communication from start to finish.

**As a Recruitment Coordinator, you will:**

* Schedule interviews, ensuring our hiring teams and candidates are supported via seamless communications
* Manage the candidate experience and build strong relationships
* Partner closely with a team of Executive Assistants
* Support and optimize our interview process & increase efficiency/automate where possible
* Provide status updates, answer questions, and ensure timely follow up
* Support payroll, onboarding, contract employee initiatives and others projects where necessary
* Keep our internal documentation up to date, working with detail and organization

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* 2+ years of professional work experience supporting a fast paced recruitment team
* Experience working for a fast paced technology start-up/scale-up
* Have strong experience managing dozens of calendars, supporting a large volume of interviews with hiring managers and executive teams
* Strong attention to detail coupled with the ability manage a high workload at a demanding pace
* Are a team player with a proven track record of partnering with all functions and levels across an enterprise
* Possess very strong time management & communication skills
* Track record of executing on tasks for high-touch recruitment initiatives thoughtfully and efficiently at a fast pace
* Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with tact and discretion

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
