---
title: Senior Security Operations Engineer
status: active
id: 9dddbce5-5cf8-41e9-b016-d801fb3ce5d8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/9dddbce5-5cf8-41e9-b016-d801fb3ce5d8
lastmod: '2026-03-16T17:06:47.069+00:00'
date: '2026-03-16T17:06:47.069+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Product
- Security
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**As a Senior Security Operations Engineer you will:**

* Serve as trusted advisor to team’s leadership and partner teams by clearly articulating business risks associated with security issues
* Harden our cloud-native environments (AWS, OCI, GCP) by introducing secure by default designs and features into network, tooling, and processes
* Own and drive resolutions for enabling engineers to design, build, and use infrastructure securely at scale by deploying secure architectures using infrastructure-as-code and reusable code libraries
* Manage IAM / RBAC for cloud infrastructure, and partner with IT on streamling authentication/authorization to ensure unified access control across the board
* Deploy and operationalize some of the security services and tools (eg: SIEM, SOAR, domain monitoring, endpoint tooling, cloud security tooling)
* Respond to security incidents and harden environments post-incidents.
* Support control monitoring and remediation for compliance initiatives
* Gather and analyze security metrics to address security issues with cross-team dependencies
* Be a problem solver who is empathetic to developer concerns and will employ constructive and flexible approach to building innovative solutions.

**You may be a good fit if:**

* 5+ years previous experience in SecOps, DevSecOps, Cloud Security, Threat Detection & Response or software development with a strong focus on security tool onboarding and optimization
* You’re a hands-on security engineer interested in automating controls
* You have experience in managing cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, Azure, OCI) and Kubernetes environments
* Familiiarty with CI/CD systems and SecOps workflows (Git, Terraform) in cloud environments (GCP, AWS, Azure, OCI)
* You have experience with one or more of : infrastructure automation, network segmentation, system hardening, container and cloud security concepts, and security observability
* You have experience with multiple languages such as Golang and/or Python
* You are comfortable with ambiguity and are able to make informed decisions with little data
* You employ a flexible and constructive approach when solving problems
* You are able to make trade-offs between build vs. buy decisions - help build solutions and able to review what tools are available
* You understand secure engineering best practices, can articulate problem statements and propose solutions to both technically savvy and non-technical audiences.

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
