---
title: Customer Marketing Manager
status: active
id: a0193996-c527-42e0-af1e-79ed6ec64236
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/a0193996-c527-42e0-af1e-79ed6ec64236
lastmod: '2026-04-16T19:20:09.357+00:00'
date: '2026-04-16T19:20:09.357+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

Cohere is seeking a creative and customer-centric Customer Marketing Manager to champion our customer advocacy efforts. In this pivotal role, you will collaborate on compelling customer stories and build marketing campaigns that highlight the value our customers derive from Cohere’s AI solutions. As the Customer Marketing Manager, you will play a key role in bridging the gap between our customers and the broader marketing organization. You will work closely with the sales, customer success and product teams to identify, develop, and share impactful customer narratives, events, solutions and content that resonate with our target audience.

In this role, you will collaborate extensively with cross-functional teams to ensure our customer stories are integrated into all aspects of our marketing strategy. Your ability to create and execute customer-focused campaigns will be crucial in driving customer retention, advocacy, and growth.

**What you’ll do:**

* Engage with key customers to uncover success stories that demonstrate the impact of Cohere’s AI solutions.
* Champion our customers by supporting content pieces that are woven into blogs, social media, website content, whitepapers, sales enablement and other marketing materials.
* Create unique events alongside the events team to support customers with education, enablement and empowerment.
* Source speaking opportunities that align with our customers’ goals, driving brand awareness and demonstrating the impact of AI for our customers
* Craft compelling case studies, testimonials, and customer narratives that highlight customer challenges, solutions, and outcomes.
* Design and execute marketing campaigns centred around customer stories to drive awareness, engagement, and advocacy.
* Partner with the customer success, product, sales, marketing and events teams to align on go-to-market strategies to drive our customer advocacy narrative.
* Track and analyze the performance of customer-focused marketing campaigns, using insights to optimize future efforts.
* Develop and maintain dashboards to monitor key metrics related to customer engagement and advocacy.

**This career opportunity may be a good match for you if you have:**

* 7+ years of marketing experience in a technology-focused company, with at least 3 years of experience customer marketing for a high-growth company
* Exceptional storytelling and writing skills, with the ability to craft compelling narratives that resonate with diverse audiences.
* Proven experience in building and executing marketing campaigns that drive customer engagement and advocacy.
* Strong project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and collaborate effectively across teams.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build relationships with customers and internal stakeholders.
* Experience with marketing tools and platforms, such as HubSpot, Salesforce, and Google Analytics, is a plus.
* A passion for AI and technology, with a keen interest in understanding how AI can drive business outcomes.

Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business, Data Science, or a related field. An advanced degree is a plus

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere Enjoy These Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.
* Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend
* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

**How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.
