---
title: Account Executive
status: active
id: ad4309df-9239-4b59-a79b-c7bee617b224
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/ad4309df-9239-4b59-a79b-c7bee617b224
lastmod: '2026-05-26T04:02:48.192+00:00'
date: '2026-05-26T04:02:48.192+00:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Revenue
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

In this role, you will have ownership of the full sales cycle - from identifying leads to closing deals for enterprises across diverse industries in Singapore and across other ASEAN countries such as financial services, manufacturing, energy, telecommunications and the public sector.

Cohere seeks an approachable and compelling communicator who loves working with prospects to uncover their needs and feels comfortable developing tailored value propositions around how Cohere’s platform can help them achieve their business goals. You’ll lay the foundation for Cohere’s growth by owning your territory and collaborating with teammates across Customer Success, Sales Development, Marketing and Sales Engineering.

You’ll be the voice of the field and partner with our Product and Engineering teams to prioritize the Cohere roadmap with customer-centric care. In this highly self-directed role, you are someone who thrives in an unstructured and quickly evolving environment. And your opportunity for impact will be astronomical — Cohere has skies-the-limit potential, and you’ll help us reach it.

**As an Account Executive, you will**:

* Focus on net-new logo acquisition via outbound business development activity and relationship building with key stakeholders
* Work closely with customers and prospects as a trusted advisor who deeply understands their challenges and goals, and will tailor solutions to drive impact for their businesses
* Work in close partnership with channel partners to find opportunities to scale outreach and customer satisfaction in your region
* Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams on strategic motions to deliver solutions to large enterprise customers
* Collaborate with Sales Development Representatives to drive top of funnel activity
* Own the full sales cycle – from initial outreach through proof-of-concept to deal close

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* 10+ years of enterprise level B2B sales experience, negotiating and closing large enterprise deals, and a track record of high performance and overachieving your quota
* Experience selling technical products, such as developer tools, API products, or AI / NLP solutions, are a plus
* A track record of working with channel partners to drive sales cycles and hit shared revenue goals
* High tolerance for ambiguity - as an early sales team hire, you’ll have to be a doer and a strategist
* Curiosity - you want to go deep on Agentic AI and NLP and become an expert on our technology
* Fantastic communication skills - you are a great listener, have a knack for understanding what matters most to others, build strong relationships, can speak to the C-suite, and feel comfortable speaking to both technical and non-technical audiences

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
