---
title: Lead - US Government Affairs & Public Policy
status: active
id: bde93d36-4a41-4c8c-bd98-b4e44f9061e4
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/bde93d36-4a41-4c8c-bd98-b4e44f9061e4
lastmod: '2026-07-15T01:18:44.453+00:00'
date: '2026-07-15T01:18:44.453+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Government & Public Policy
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

### **Why this role?**

Cohere is a fast-growing company in the extremely dynamic artificial intelligence space. We are building a Government Affairs and Public Policy (GAPP) team that has the drive and experience to engage in and shape a nascent and unique policy environment for enterprise AI.

We seek a Government Affairs professional to lead our US government affairs strategy, with the flexibility to help shape our policy footprint across key emerging markets in the Americas as our commercial presence grows. Candidates will have a proven track record, are analytical, collaborative, driven, and possess a passion for digging deep into the new and evolving public policy debate at the intersection of enterprise technology and artificial intelligence.

There is no better time to join us in building this function as we shape the future of AI in the United States and across the region.

### **In this role you will:**

* **Lead US Advocacy:** Partner closely with Cohere’s senior leadership, legal, public policy, and responsible AI teams to develop, coordinate, and implement a government affairs strategy across both US federal and state levels. For the right leader, there is opportunity to expand this advocacy to support our strategic growth across Latin America.
* **Dig Deep on AI Policy:** Serve as the internal and external expert on US AI policy while monitoring key regulatory shifts in neighboring markets. You will proactively report on trends and work with cross-functional teams to craft thoughtful responses to governmental initiatives, regulatory issues, and legislative drafts that impact Cohere’s business.
* **Cultivate Key Relationships:** Guide and coordinate Cohere’s political engagement by cultivating deep relationships and representing the company with key lawmakers, regulators, federal agencies, state leaders, and regional trade bodies.
* **Bridge the Corporate and Political:** Leverage your dual experience in both the political and corporate spheres to translate complex technical and business objectives into effective policy advocacy.
* **Support Strategic Growth:** Work closely with public sector sales teams in shaping technology and procurement policies in regulated sectors, ensuring Cohere is a trusted resource and partner for government stakeholders.
* **Manage External Partners:** Direct government relations consultants, lobbyists, and trade associations in the US, with the scope to manage regional external partners as geographic needs evolve.
* **Ensure Compliance:** Oversee compliance of all lobbying and political activities with federal, state, and relevant international laws.

### **You could be a great fit if you have:**

* **Deep AI Policy Expertise:** Exceptional ability to dig deep on artificial intelligence policy, its applications, and its risks, with a proven track record of shaping relevant tech policies and regulations.
* **Political & Corporate Experience:** 10 to 15+ years of proven leadership experience blending corporate government affairs roles within the technology sector and direct political or government experience.
* **Federal & State Mastery:** Extensive experience navigating intricate and fluid political debates across both US federal and state jurisdictions, with an adaptability to new regulatory environments.
* **Bias for Action:** A growth mindset and a self-starter attitude with the ability to work independently, prioritize issues, and push projects over the finish line.
* **Exceptional Communication:** Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a proven ability to distill complex AI policy into compelling documents, thought leadership, and briefings for a variety of audiences.
* **Educational Background:** Bachelor's degree in Law, Public Policy, Political Science, or a related field.

### **Nice to have (but not required):**

* **Defense & Military Background:** Prior experience in or working closely with the defense sector, military, or national security apparatus is highly preferred given the strategic importance of AI to these fields.
* **Regional Acumen:** Experience navigating tech policy, trade, or digital regulatory frameworks in Latin America, along with professional fluency in Spanish or Portuguese.
* **Procurement Experience:** Proven experience supporting public-sector sales and government procurement teams.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

*Beware of Scams: Cohere will never ask for payment or third-party services (e.g., CV writing) as part of our hiring process. All legitimate roles are listed on the Cohere careers page and LinkedIn only, with all communications from Cohere employees coming from an @cohere.com or @cw.cohere email alias. If jobs are viewed on other sites then please verify these through our* [*official careers*](https://cohere.com/careers) *page.*
