---
title: Senior Account Executive - KSA
status: active
id: c199be74-1770-4db2-a06e-474bad4716fe
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/c199be74-1770-4db2-a06e-474bad4716fe
lastmod: '2026-04-10T11:54:25.614+00:00'
date: '2026-04-10T11:54:25.614+00:00'
location: Riyadh
departments:
- Revenue
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

### **Why this role?**

In this role, you will own the full sales cycle for strategic enterprise and public-sector organizations across the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Your portfolio will include major sectors such as financial services, telecommunications, government, energy, healthcare, and large national enterprises.

We are seeking a consultative, strategic seller who excels at building long-term partnerships and navigating complex, high-stakes enterprise and government environments. You will lay the foundation for Cohere’s growth in the Kingdom by owning your territory and collaborating closely with Customer Success, Sales Development, Marketing, and Sales Engineering.

This is a high-impact, autonomous role with ownership of a strategic territory. You’ll navigate intricate decision-making processes, work directly with C-suite and ministerial stakeholders, and position Cohere as a trusted AI partner across national-scale initiatives. Your insights will directly shape our product evolution and help prioritize features that drive enterprise and government adoption in KSA.

This role requires someone who thrives in a fast-moving, evolving environment. The opportunity for impact is immense; Cohere’s potential in Saudi Arabia is significant, and you will play a pivotal role in unlocking it.

### **As a Senior Account Executive, you will:**

* Drive net-new customer acquisition through targeted outbound activity, executive engagement, and relationship building across KSA
* Act as a trusted advisor to enterprise, public-sector, and sovereign prospects by understanding their goals and shaping AI solutions that deliver measurable value
* Work closely with channel partners and major system integrators to scale outreach, accelerate adoption, and maximize customer success
* Leverage senior-level relationships with executives and government decision-makers to drive strategic opportunities and long-term partnerships
* Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams on strategic efforts to deliver enterprise and public-sector solutions
* Partner with SDRs and Marketing to drive top-of-funnel activity and overall territory growth
* Own the full sales cycle; including discovery, technical and business validation, proof-of-concept, procurement, and deal close within a team-selling environment

### 

### 

### 

### 

### **You may be a good fit if you have:**

* 10+ years of enterprise B2B sales experience, with a strong history of negotiating and closing complex, multi-stakeholder enterprise or government deals in Saudi Arabia
* A consistent track record of high performance and exceeding quota in high-growth or early-stage environments  
  Experience selling complex enterprise technology solutions, developer platforms, private deployments, or AI/NLP products (preferred)
* Deep relationships with senior executives across KSA enterprises, ministries, telcos, banks and sovereign entities
* Experience working with channel partners and regional integrators to drive sales cycles and shared revenue goals
* High tolerance for ambiguity, you are both a strategist and a hands-on operator capable of building a market from the ground up
* Strong organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple internal and external stakeholders across fast-moving deals
* Creativity and strong technical acumen to structure unique, mutually beneficial partnerships
* Excellent communication skills, you listen deeply, understand what matters to senior decision-makers, and confidently present to both technical and non-technical audiences
* Arabic and English language proficiency

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
