---
title: Senior Security Engineer
status: active
id: cb981ecd-a161-482c-8d8e-5f19bb6e7fdd
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/cb981ecd-a161-482c-8d8e-5f19bb6e7fdd
lastmod: '2025-10-29T00:25:31.048+00:00'
date: '2025-10-29T00:25:31.048+00:00'
location: Toronto
departments:
- Product
- Security
offices:
- Montreal
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**As a Senior Security Engineer you will:**

* Serve as trusted advisor to team’s leadership and partner teams by clearly articulating business risks associated with security issues
* Lead security operation functions – including vulnerability management, SAST, DAST, detection engineering, and incident response – in CI/CD and cloud-native production environments
* Integrate security into our applications throughout the software development lifecycle
* Collaborate with product and development teams, driving the success of larger projects to ensure that software is built and deployed securely without compromising agility and speed
* Driving and supporting bug bounty program, application security reviews and threat modeling, including code review and dynamic testing
* Assess and integrate security tools to automate and scale security processes, i.e: evaluate open-source vs vendor solutions
* Gather and analyze security metrics to address security issues with cross-team dependencies
* Be a problem solver who is empathetic to developer concerns and will employ constructive and flexible approach to building innovative solutions

**You may be a good fit if:**

* 5+ years previous experience in Application/Product Security or Security Operations with a strong focus on security tool onboarding and optimization
* You have an understanding of vulnerability management, network security, cloud security concepts, and industry best practices across many fields of security
* You are comfortable with ambiguity and are able to make informed decisions with little data
* You employ a flexible and constructive approach when solving problems
* You are able to make trade-offs between build vs. buy decisions - help build solutions and able to review what tools are available
* You understand secure engineering best practices, can articulate problem statements and propose solutions to both technically savvy and non-technical audiences
* You have a deep technical understanding of common security vulnerabilities and risks, as well as countermeasures and compensating controls
* You’re a hands-on security engineer interested in automating controls

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
