---
title: RevOps Analyst (Analytics)
status: active
id: cd3eacfe-1169-4df0-8164-93a857d5ddf0
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/cd3eacfe-1169-4df0-8164-93a857d5ddf0
lastmod: '2026-05-31T04:10:26.913+00:00'
date: '2026-05-31T04:10:26.913+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Revenue
offices:
- San Francisco
- Toronto
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**RevOps Analyst (Analytics)**

**Department:** Revenue Operations

**Function:** GTM Analyst, Analytics

**Location:** NYC, SF, Toronto

The **Revenue Operations** team’s mission is to build and maintain the systems, data, and processes that power our go-to-market engine. We are looking for a **RevOps** **Analyst, Analytics** to join the team, reporting to the Head of Revenue Operations, ***focused on partnering with the business to deliver insight to drive measurable revenue growth and operational impact.***

**In this role you may:**

* Partner with GTM leadership to elevate reporting, systems and process to drive revenue growth and decision making
* Manage, and enhance our quote-to-cash processes to ensure accuracy and compliance
* Collaborate cross-functionally to enable the Revenue team to be able to see a 360 degree view of the customer in the CRM, including product usage, customer engagement (support tickets, sales emails, marketing campaigns, attribution) and contract data to drive revenue growth and improve sales productivity
* Drive initiative to improve data hygiene, reporting accuracy and CRM governance
* Manage urgent ad hoc operational requests

**This role is a good match if you:**

* Have 3+ years of experience in sales operations or a related role
* Have Salesforce experience; CPQ Experience and Admin certification plus
* Have familiarity with GTM tech stacks and how they support revenue workflows (CRM, enrichment, engagement, automation, analytics)
* Bring 3+ years of big data experience: using BI tools such as Looker or Tableau and/or writing complex yet efficient SQL is a daily habit for you
* Have experience getting your hands dirty with ETL and familiar with popular data warehouses (BigQuery, Snowflake, etc)
* Are an excellent communicator with senior management audiences - explaining “what it is”, “why it matters” and “what should we do” in terms of your data and analysis; delivering customer-oriented KPIs and dashboards that drive alignment

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* An open and inclusive culture and work environment
* Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research
* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  + Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.
  + Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
