---
title: Technical Program Manager, AI Delivery, Korea
status: active
id: cd987666-aeda-4da6-a23c-d84d4231d33b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/cd987666-aeda-4da6-a23c-d84d4231d33b
lastmod: '2026-07-20T23:24:50.785+00:00'
date: '2026-07-20T23:24:50.785+00:00'
location: Korea
departments:
- Engineering Program Management
- Product Management & Program Management
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this role?**

We’re seeking an experienced Engineering Program Manager to join Cohere’s customer-facing Engineering Program Management team. We need someone with curiosity, drive, independence, and leadership, who has hands-on experience working directly with customers and managing projects for enterprise-grade software or enterprise-focused machine learning solutions. In return, you’ll have the unique opportunity to shape Cohere’s operations, collaborate with leading minds in the LLM space, work directly with our Strategic Customers as well as Applied ML (AML) Engineering, Forward Deployed Engineering (FDE), Platform , Product and Go-to-Market teams, and be the “technical” voice of Cohere for the customer. You will get a chance to create extremely high-impact contributions to our fast-growing company, product and culture.

***Please Note*****:** ***This role is open to candidates based in Korea***

**As an Engineering Program Manager/ Technical Program Manager, you will:**

* Communicate: Provide clear, timely, and objective communication across the tech organization, Cohere teams, leadership, and most importantly - our strategic customers and external partners.
* Optimize: Break down complex issues into strategies, driving engineering alignment with product, business, and marketing while fostering collaboration.
* Plan: Create and manage program/project schedules, identify dependencies, manage risks, and drive organizational alignment.
* Execute: Ensure on-time delivery, identify development needs, and establish checkpoints for status updates.
* Problem solve: Proactively identify and resolve issues, coordinate cross-functional dependencies, and prioritize impacts to schedule and product quality.

**You may be a good fit if:**

* You have at least 5 years of experience as an Engineering or Technical Program Manager, with at least 2 years in customer-facing technical delivery and operations focused on enterprise-grade AI software/solutions
* Knowledge or experience with LLM training or optimization would be a key differentiator
* You are problem-focused and making customers successful really excites you
* You are detail-oriented and extremely self-organized. You love enabling people and teams around you, and are excellent at capturing detailed notes/action items during highly technical meetings and tracking progress.
* You have a Bias for Action - you are very execution focused and you like getting things done.
* You have experience working with cross-functional teams to get technical products, services or solutions shipped to an internal or an external customer and can independently own tracking and reporting across multiple work-streams, with owners in different time-zones.
* You are comfortable holding leaders and individual contributors accountable. You can be assertive while remaining diplomatic. You are not afraid to follow up with people to ensure shipping within committed deadlines.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
