---
title: Security Operations Engineer, EMEA
status: active
id: d277180e-6528-4745-99e8-328c17530412
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/d277180e-6528-4745-99e8-328c17530412
lastmod: '2026-03-23T16:12:44.555+00:00'
date: '2026-03-23T16:12:44.555+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Product
- Security
offices:
- Europe
- Middle East
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**As a Senior Security Operations Engineer you will:**

* Serve as trusted advisor to team’s leadership and partner teams by clearly articulating business risks associated with security issues
* Harden our cloud-native environments (AWS, OCI, GCP) by introducing secure by default designs and features into network, tooling, and processes
* Own and drive resolutions for enabling engineers to design, build, and use infrastructure securely at scale by deploying secure architectures using infrastructure-as-code and reusable code libraries
* Manage IAM / RBAC for cloud infrastructure, and partner with IT on streamling authentication/authorization to ensure unified access control across the board
* Deploy and operationalize some of the security services and tools (eg: SIEM, SOAR, domain monitoring, endpoint tooling, cloud security tooling)
* Respond to security incidents and harden environments post-incidents.
* Support control monitoring and remediation for compliance initiatives
* Gather and analyze security metrics to address security issues with cross-team dependencies
* Be a problem solver who is empathetic to developer concerns and will employ constructive and flexible approach to building innovative solutions.

**You may be a good fit if:**

* 5+ years previous experience in SecOps, DevSecOps, Cloud Security, Threat Detection & Response or software development with a strong focus on security tool onboarding and optimization
* You’re a hands-on security engineer interested in automating controls
* You have experience in managing cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, Azure, OCI) and Kubernetes environments
* Familiiarty with CI/CD systems and SecOps workflows (Git, Terraform) in cloud environments (GCP, AWS, Azure, OCI)
* You have experience with one or more of : infrastructure automation, network segmentation, system hardening, container and cloud security concepts, and security observability
* You have experience with multiple languages such as Golang and/or Python
* You are comfortable with ambiguity and are able to make informed decisions with little data
* You employ a flexible and constructive approach when solving problems
* You are able to make trade-offs between build vs. buy decisions - help build solutions and able to review what tools are available
* You understand secure engineering best practices, can articulate problem statements and propose solutions to both technically savvy and non-technical audiences.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
