---
title: Counsel, Privacy and AI Regulation (EU)
status: active
id: d81c28f5-2945-4c49-bc5b-86e345334cfb
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/d81c28f5-2945-4c49-bc5b-86e345334cfb
lastmod: '2026-06-26T21:38:28.727+00:00'
date: '2026-06-26T21:38:28.727+00:00'
location: Europe
departments:
- Business Operations
- Legal
offices:
- Europe
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Why this Role?**Join our team as Counsel, Privacy and AI Regulation (EU) to shape the future of trust-by-design for enterprise AI solutions. This position offers the exciting opportunity to navigate the complex intersection of cutting-edge AI technology and evolving EU digital regulatory frameworks, including the EU AI Act and GDPR. This role will partner closely with governance, policy, product and other cross-functional stakeholders to shape and scale Cohere’s approach to trustworthy design, regulatory compliance, and risk mitigation in line with global regulatory standards. The ideal candidate will balance legal rigor with a pragmatic, business-oriented mindset.

**As a member of our Legal Team, you will:**

* Provide expert legal counsel on EU digital regulatory compliance to cross-functional stakeholders.
* Draft and implement internal policies, workflows, and risk assessments to ensure compliance with global AI, privacy, and other digital regulations.
* Convert complex legal requirements and industry standards into actionable technical and operational requirements.
* Partner with external legal counsel and internal stakeholders including Go-to-market, GRC, Security, and teams to align compliance strategies and Product and Modelling roadmaps.
* Serve as a trusted advisor to product counsel, product managers, engineers, and designers, providing real-time legal guidance on AI/ML solutions, including on addressing safety, privacy, and copyright regulatory requirements.
* Negotiate and draft data processing agreements, AI regulatory terms in customer and vendor agreements, and other regulatory documentation to ensure compliance with EU requirements.
* Liaise with EU digital regulatory authorities and participate in regulatory consultations.

**You may be a good fit if you have:**

* Qualified as a lawyer in at least one EU member state, with admission to practice in Germany preferred.
* 4+ years of legal experience. A combination of law firm and in-house experience at an enterprise software company is preferred.
* Expertise in data protection, AI, and digital platform regulation (e.g., EU AI Act, GDPR, DSA).
* Proven track record of managing regulatory risks and implementing compliance programs.
* Deep understanding of AI/ML technologies and platforms, product development lifecycles, and data governance.
* Track record of building cross-functional relationships and translating legal concepts into clear, actionable advice for non-legal stakeholders.
* Comfort operating in a fast-paced technology company, adapting to new priorities, and navigating ambiguity.

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
