---
title: Head of Investor Relations
status: active
id: d82b9edf-f2d9-489b-b1f0-b65d976348ab
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/d82b9edf-f2d9-489b-b1f0-b65d976348ab
lastmod: '2026-07-06T17:17:17.421+00:00'
date: '2026-07-06T17:17:17.421+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Business Operations
- Finance
offices:
- Boston
- New York
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

**Role Overview:**

Cohere is at an inflection point, scaling its enterprise AI platform and expanding globally. As our first dedicated Investor Relations hire, you will build the foundation for structured investor engagement, ensuring transparency, strategic storytelling, and alignment with financial stakeholders. This role is critical for Cohere’s market positioning, and long-term public-market readiness. You will build the Investor Relations function from the ground up & shape how the market perceives Cohere’s leadership in enterprise AI.

**Key Responsibilities:**

**Investor Engagement & Strategy**

* Develop and execute a comprehensive investor relations strategy, including investor presentations and roadshows. Develop, refine, and present investor materials and presentations that clearly articulate the company’s strategy and results.
* Lead the creation and refinement of financial and valuation models, benchmarking analyses, and peer/industry work to inform messaging and strategy.

**Stakeholder & Relationship Management**

* Build and maintain relationships with existing and potential investors across institutional, strategic, and financial investor bases & with leading venture, growth, and public equity investors.
* Serve as a primary day-to-day point of contact for high-priority investors and provide direct feedback to the executive team from those conversations.
* Support executives on fundraising activities, including preparation, investor communications, and relationship management.

**Data-Driven Communication & Reporting**

* Partner with the finance team to distill complex metrics into clear, compelling narratives for investors. Partner with leaders across the business to develop key business insights and communicate performance drivers to stakeholders.
* Set the foundation for quarterly reporting, including workstream management, financial and valuation modeling, and creating materials for prepared remarks, Q&A, and investor materials.

**Market Intelligence & Strategic Positioning**

* Monitor competitor funding, public-market trends, and AI industry dynamics to refine Cohere’s positioning.
* Serve as a strategic thought partner on investor relations, providing insights and updates to internal and external audiences.

**IPO Readiness**

* Lay the groundwork for regulatory compliance, workstream management, complex financial and valuation modeling, and creating materials for public-market messaging.

**Qualifications**

* 10+ years of experience in a senior level leadership role in investor relations, investment banking, corporate finance, or strategic finance at a high-growth tech company (preferably AI/ML or enterprise software).
* Strong financial modeling and storytelling ability.
* Proven track record working with venture capital and public equity markets.
* Executive level written/oral communication skills.

**Compensation:**

Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.

For candidates in the US, the Compensation Range is: $330,000 – $410,000 [USD]

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.
