---
title: Director, Total Rewards
status: active
id: de6b51b2-39be-4e0b-93e7-72b0898ed739
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/de6b51b2-39be-4e0b-93e7-72b0898ed739
lastmod: '2026-05-11T14:21:07.015+00:00'
date: '2026-05-11T14:21:07.015+00:00'
location: Boston
departments:
- People
- People Centres of Excellence
offices:
- London
- New York
- San Francisco
---

**Who are we?**

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like content generation, semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

**Role Overview**

The **Director, Total Rewards** will have the unique opportunity to **build and scale the global total rewards program** at Cohere. This role is critical to establishing a **global** compensation and benefits framework that aligns with our company’s values, growth objectives, and competitive positioning in the tech industry. You’ll lead the design, implementation, and optimization of total rewards programs that support a diverse, distributed workforce.

**Key Responsibilities**

* **Build the Function:** Enhance, design and launch global total rewards programs (vision, strategy, and roadmap) and align them with Cohere’s global growth goals.
* **Global Compensation Strategy:** Implement a competitive, equitable, and scalable compensation structure for all roles across regions, including pay and equity.
* **Benefits & Perks:** Design and manage a comprehensive, globally consistent benefits package that meets the diverse needs of Cohere’s employees, including health, wellness, retirement, and unique perks.
* **Market Research & Benchmarking:** Conduct regular market analysis to ensure Cohere’s total rewards offerings remain competitive and aligned with industry standards.
* **Compliance & Governance:** Ensure all total rewards programs comply with local labour laws, regulations, and tax requirements across multiple jurisdictions.
* **Stakeholder Collaboration:** Partner with People, Finance, and leadership teams across the organization to align total rewards strategies with business objectives and budget constraints.
* **Communication & Education:** Develop and deliver clear, engaging communications to employees about total rewards programs, ensuring transparency and understanding.
* **Data-Driven Decision Making:** Use analytics to measure the effectiveness of total rewards initiatives and identify opportunities for improvement.

**Qualifications**

* **Experience:** 10+ years in a total rewards role, with a proven track record of building and scaling total rewards functions at fast growing tech companies.
* **Global Expertise:** Experience designing and managing total rewards programs for a global, distributed workforce across multiple regions.
* **Technical Skills:** Strong analytical skills, proficiency in HRIS systems, and familiarity with industry leading compensation benchmarking tools.
* **Knowledge:** Deep understanding of compensation philosophies, benefits regulations, and best practices in the tech industry.
* **Mindset:** Strategic thinker with a passion for creating equitable, motivating, and scalable rewards programs. Alignment with Cohere’s values of innovation, collaboration, and integrity.

***Note: This role can be based remotely or from one of our office locations** - there is no minimum in-office requirement. We care most about hiring exceptional people regardless of location, though please check the location listed on the posting for guidance around the core time zone or working hours alignment expected for the role.*

*Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience. $190,000 - $300,000 USD*

If some of the above doesn’t line up perfectly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply!

We value and celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive work environment for all. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

**Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

🤝 An open and inclusive culture and work environment

🧑‍💻 Work closely with a team on the cutting edge of AI research

🍽 Weekly lunch stipend, in-office lunches & snacks

🦷 Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget to take care of your mental health

🐣 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months

🎨 Personal enrichment benefits towards arts and culture, fitness and well-being, quality time, and workspace improvement

🏙 Remote-flexible, offices in Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London and Paris, as well as a co-working stipend

✈️ 6 weeks of vacation (30 working days!)
