---
title: Senior Sales Operations Specialist
status: active
id: e49063ea-b829-4718-be74-02f36fa3d983
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/cohere/e49063ea-b829-4718-be74-02f36fa3d983
lastmod: '2026-07-21T21:24:21.958+00:00'
date: '2026-07-21T21:24:21.958+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Revenue
offices:
- Austin
- Boston
- Chicago
- Dallas
- Miami
- Nashville
- Richmond, VA
- Washington, DC
---

**Who are we?**

Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation AI models and end-to-end products that are designed to solve real-world business problems.

We’re training and deploying frontier models for enterprises who are building AI systems. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI and we are looking for folks that want to be part of that.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are all passionate about their craft.

We are a global technology company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in London, New York City, Montreal, Seoul, Germany and Paris. Join us!

The Sales Ops Specialist role is a strategic leadership role focused on optimizing sales operations, enabling revenue growth, and ensuring alignment between sales execution and company objectives. This exciting career opportunity offers a blend of operational oversight, strategic planning, and cross-functional collaboration.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Sales Strategy & Execution: Partner with the VP of Sales, Americas to define and implement sales strategies, forecasts, and performance metrics.
* Operational Excellence: Streamline sales processes, including pipeline management, CRM optimization, and sales enablement tools.
* Cross-Functional Coordination: Work closely with the ecosystem - inside sales, solution architecture, marketing, product, and customer success teams to ensure cohesive go-to-market execution.
* Performance Analytics: Monitor sales KPIs, conduct data-driven insights, and recommend adjustments to improve conversion rates and revenue attainment.
* Team Leadership: Contribute to sales operations, business development, and support functions, fostering a high-performance culture.
* Stakeholder Management: Serve as a liaison between sales leadership, FLMs, ICs (sellers), and executive teams, ensuring clear communication and strategic alignment.

**Qualifications**

* Experience: 8+ years in a similar role contributing to sales operations, business development and strategy, preferably in AI, SaaS, or enterprise software.
* Skills: Strong analytical mindset, proficiency in CRM platforms (e.g., Salesforce), and expertise in sales process optimization.
* Leadership: Ability to mentor teams, drive accountability, and navigate high-growth environments.
* Strategic Thinking: Experience translating business goals into actionable sales plans.
* Communication: Executive level communication skills & experience creating board level presentation decks & customer engagement materials.

*Cohere is committed to fair and transparent pay practices. The salary range listed for this role reflects the expected base compensation. Actual compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, education, and experience.*

*For candidates in the United States, the Compensation Range is : $180,000 – $250,000 USD*

## **Full-Time Employees at Cohere enjoy these Perks:**

* A weekly lunch stipend of $75/£75 or equivalent in your local currency for lunch.
* Full health and dental benefits, including a separate budget for mental health.
* RRSP matching, 401K, Pension Scheme.
* 100% Parental Leave top-up for up to 6 months, for either parent.
* Annual enrichment benefits:

  Arts & culture, fitness/wellness, quality time, and a workspace improvement credit.

  Education & learning stipend for conferences, courses, and coaching.

* 6 weeks of paid vacation (30 working days!)
* Budget for traveling to other offices if you are remote, plus an annual company offsite.

## **How and Where We Work:**

* Cohere is remote-friendly. We have offices in Toronto, San Francisco, New York City, London, Paris, Montreal, and more coming soon.
* For those in the office: a daily lunch program, plenty of snacks, and regular community and social events.
* For those not near an office: a co-working benefit so you can work alongside others in your city.
* Everyone receives a $500 home office stipend to set up your workspace properly.

If any of the above doesn’t line up exactly with your experience, we still encourage you to apply.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment for all; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to providing equal opportunities. Should you require any accommodations during the recruitment process, please submit an [Accommodations Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12a6IrLdF3kI2nonKSr4tiFuz18rLQbaeYV-JM9L4o9Q/edit), and we will work together to meet your needs.

We may use AI-enabled tools to screen and assess applicants against the criteria for this position. This helps our recruiters identify potentially qualified candidates, but it doesn't limit the applications our recruiters may review or consider.

*Beware of Scams: Cohere will never ask for payment or third-party services (e.g., CV writing) as part of our hiring process. All legitimate roles are listed on the Cohere careers page and LinkedIn only, with all communications from Cohere employees coming from an @cohere.com or @cw.cohere email alias. If jobs are viewed on other sites then please verify these through our* [*official careers*](https://cohere.com/careers) *page.*
