---
title: Member of Engineering (Data Platform Lead)
status: active
id: 4b8d9ab5-34e2-4c68-9b50-e3e718f3c112
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/poolside/4b8d9ab5-34e2-4c68-9b50-e3e718f3c112
lastmod: '2025-11-06T21:00:19.000+00:00'
date: '2025-11-06T21:00:19.000+00:00'
location: Remote (EMEA)
departments:
- Engineering
---

## **ABOUT POOLSIDE**

In this decade, the world will create Artificial General Intelligence. There will only be a small number of companies who will achieve this. Their ability to stack advantages and pull ahead will define the winners. These companies will move faster than anyone else. They will attract the world's most capable talent. They will be on the forefront of applied research, engineering, infrastructure and deployment at scale. They will continue to scale their training to larger & more capable models. They will be given the right to raise large amounts of capital along their journey to enable this. They will create powerful economic engines. They will obsess over the success of their users and customers.

**Poolside exists to be this company**: to build a world where AI will be the engine behind economically valuable work and scientific progress. We believe the fastest way to reach AGI lies in accelerating software development itself, by reshaping the developer experience with agentic systems, coding assistants, and the frontier models that power them. We deploy these systems directly into the development environments of security-conscious enterprises.

## **ABOUT OUR TEAM**

We were founded in the US and have our home there, but our team is distributed across Europe and North America. We get our fix of in-person collaboration (and croissants) in Paris each month for 3 days, always Monday-Wednesday, with an open invitation to stay the whole week. We also do longer off-sites once a year.

Our team is a multidisciplinary blend of research, engineering, and business experts. What unites us is our deep care for what we build together. We’re in a race that requires hard work, intellectual curiosity, and obsession; to balance this intensity, we’ve assembled a team of low ego and kind-hearted individuals who have built the special culture Poolside has. By building collaboratively and with intention, we create a compounding effect that moves the entire company forward towards our mission: reaching AGI through intelligence systems built for software development.

## **ABOUT THE ROLE**

Our data platform enables Applied Research teams at poolside to build high quality and large datasets for pretraining and postraining, and to run large-scale experiments end-to-end: from data retrieval to running evaluations and benchmarks.

## **YOUR MISSION**

Lead our Data Platform team to develop and maintain a robust platform that supports the creation of high-quality data pipelines and enables fast, efficient, end-to-end experimentation. You will play a key role in data engineering, ensuring our infrastructure is scalable, reliable, and optimized for large-scale data processing. You can read about our Data Platform and the work it enables in our [related Model Factory blog post.](https://poolside.ai/blog/gathering-and-processing-raw-materials-for-the-model-factory)

## **RESPONSIBILITIES**

As a lead of this team, you will:

* Grow and manage the Data Platform team, fostering a culture of high impact and technical excellence.
* Collaborate with Applied Research and Engineering teams to define and execute on a clear technical roadmap which enables our model and product objectives.
* Work hands-on with our data platform, supporting high-throughput, low-latency data pipelines and improving data infrastructure that handles an extreme scale of daily events.
* Build APIs and interfaces for internal teams to query data at scale.
* Build with both open-source big data solutions and internal systems.
* Enhance system performance, scalability, and reliability for large-scale data processing.

## **SKILLS & EXPERIENCE**

* Previous people management and technical leadership experience in technical environments at scale.
* Strong programming skills in Python, as well as systems languages like Go, C, C++, Rust, or Scala.
* Experience with extreme scale (100s of TB to multi-PB) distributed systems, data pipelines, data processing systems, and query engines.
* Previous hands-on experience shipping and maintaining Kubernetes-based critical infrastructure.
* Preferred: Familiarity with Apache Spark
* Plus: Experience with container runtimes and Linux system programming.

## **PROCESS**

* Intro call with our Founding Engineer or CTO
* Technical Interview(s) with a member of our engineering team
* Team fit call with the People team
* Final interview with one of our Founding engineers

## **BENEFITS**

* Fully remote work & flexible hours
* 37 days/year of vacation & holidays
* Health insurance allowance for you & dependents
* Company-provided equipment
* Well-being, always-be-learning & home office allowances
* Frequent team get togethers
* Diverse & inclusive people-first culture
