---
title: Member of Engineering (Evaluations)
status: active
id: ba11fe78-f6f6-4165-b76b-020a46ad8fee
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/poolside/ba11fe78-f6f6-4165-b76b-020a46ad8fee
lastmod: '2026-04-17T14:52:57.953+00:00'
date: '2026-04-17T14:52:57.953+00:00'
location: Remote (EMEA/East Coast)
departments:
- Applied Research
---

## **ABOUT POOLSIDE**

In this decade, the world will create Artificial General Intelligence. There will only be a small number of companies who will achieve this. Their ability to stack advantages and pull ahead will define the winners. These companies will move faster than anyone else. They will attract the world's most capable talent. They will be on the forefront of applied research, engineering, infrastructure and deployment at scale. They will continue to scale their training to larger & more capable models. They will be given the right to raise large amounts of capital along their journey to enable this. They will create powerful economic engines. They will obsess over the success of their users and customers.

**poolside exists to be this company** - to build a world where AI will be the engine behind economically valuable work and scientific progress.

[View GDPR Policy](https://poolside.ai/gdpr)

## **ABOUT OUR TEAM**

We are a remote-first team that sits across Europe and North America and comes together once a month in-person for 3 days and for longer offsites twice a year.

Our R&D and production teams are a combination of more research and more engineering-oriented profiles, however, everyone deeply cares about the quality of the systems we build and has a strong underlying knowledge of software development. We believe that good engineering leads to faster development iterations, which allows us to compound our efforts.

## **ABOUT THE ROLE**

Design and implement the infrastructure and tooling used by poolside researchers and engineers.

## **YOUR MISSION**

To ensure our progress leads to meaningful improvements to our users.

## **RESPONSIBILITIES**

* Research and implementation of evaluations and benchmarks; both for base models and for instruction following models
* Collaborate with both applied research and product teams to define meaningful metrics and evaluations that capture our progress on real world software development skills
* Work in a team: plan future steps, discuss, and communicate clearly with your peers

## **SKILLS & EXPERIENCE**

* Experience with Large Language Models (LLM)

  + Strong understanding and intuition of LLMs, and their limitations
* Good taste, and a curious mindset
* Strong engineering background

  + Strong programming skills, ideally across multiple languages
  + Familiar with full software development life cycle
* Programming experience

  + Linux
  + Strong algorithmic skills
  + Multiple languages, including Python
  + Use modern tools and are always looking to improve
  + Strong critical thinking and ability to question code quality policies when applicable

## **PROCESS**

* Intro call with one of our Founding Engineers
* Technical Interview(s) with one of our Founding Engineers
* Team fit call with the People team
* Final interview with one of our Founding Engineers

## **BENEFITS**

* Fully remote work & flexible hours
* 37 days/year of vacation & holidays
* Health insurance allowance for you and dependents
* Company-provided equipment
* Wellbeing, always-be-learning and home office allowances
* Frequent team get togethers
* Great diverse & inclusive people-first culture
