---
title: Wireless Software Engineer
status: active
id: 04fde92b-6a2b-4638-adc2-e8fa91cc1a49
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/04fde92b-6a2b-4638-adc2-e8fa91cc1a49
lastmod: '2025-05-21T18:06:43.280+00:00'
date: '2025-05-21T18:06:43.280+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Connectivity
- R&D
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Skydio is the world leader in autonomous flight, combining best-in-class AI, hardware, and cloud connectivity to make drones indispensable infrastructure across public safety, defense, and enterprise. Delivering this vision at scale requires rethinking wireless from the ground up. We’re looking for a Wireless Software Engineer to join our team and help reimagine how WiFi and cellular links can be customized for autonomous drones operating in challenging, interference heavy, long-range environments. You’ll work hands-on with chipsets, dig into low-level firmware, and write software to extend range, boost reliability, and deliver steady, high-quality video streams in places standard WiFi was never meant to go. If you know wireless protocols, and love bending them, this is your chance to redefine what’s possible in autonomous systems.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* You will play a key role in pushing the boundaries of Skydio’s wireless capabilities – delivering longer range, faster connectivity, and secure data transmission.
* You will work on a new and innovative communication protocol to facilitate best-in-class mesh drone communication
* You will design and implement innovative solutions to facilitate reliable and efficient drone communication in an OFDMA-based mesh network.
* You will design, develop, and optimize wireless software and firmware across WLAN, LTE, and 5G to enhance connectivity, range, and robustness.
* You will implement and validate system-level algorithms in software to meet performance KPIs under congested and dynamic network conditions.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Strong understanding of WLAN and/or cellular protocols, including OFDMA, mesh networking, and scheduled network operations.
* Proficient in firmware development with a solid foundation in wireless communication systems.
* Well-versed in C++, C and Python
* Strong software engineering skills, including design, implementation, and performance tuning of wireless features.
* Skilled in diagnosing and resolving complex issues spanning multiple layers, including hardware.
* Proven ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams including RF, Hardware, and Systems.
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $147,500 - $210,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-PG2

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
