---
title: Software Engineer, Full Stack
status: active
id: 067e1f47-9fba-4abf-b986-874d4d569706
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/067e1f47-9fba-4abf-b986-874d4d569706
lastmod: '2026-05-19T22:07:13.144+00:00'
date: '2026-05-19T22:07:13.144+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

You’ll collaborate closely with frontend, backend, autonomy, and product teams while growing your skills across the full stack and contributing to production systems used in real-world, high-stakes environments.

**How you’ll make an impact:**

* Implement and maintain backend services and APIs that power frontend experiences.
* Improve performance and reliability across the stack, from browser rendering to service interactions.
* Build and iterate on UI/UX in Skydio cloud
* Collaborate with autonomy, product, and field teams, incorporating feedback from real-world operations.

**What would make you a good fit:**

* 1–3+ years of experience building and shipping customer-facing software across the stack.
* Experience building or integrating backend services (e.g., REST/GraphQL APIs, service-to-service communication, or data pipelines).
* Familiarity with cloud-based systems and distributed architectures.
* Understanding of performance, reliability, and maintainability considerations across frontend and backend systems.
* Experience with modern web development technologies such as React and TypeScript.
* Product intuition and empathy for users operating in time-sensitive, high-stakes environments.
* Ability to work across teams and contribute to features from development through production.

**Bonus Points:**

* Familiarity with cloud infrastructure or orchestration tools (e.g., AWS, Kubernetes, Temporal).
* Interest in autonomy, robotics, or real-time systems.

**Work Location**:

This role is Hybrid 3 days a week in the office out of our San Mateo, California office. We are quite flexible on the days but all employees would be expected to be able to commute to our office 3 days a week or would be open to relocation closer to the office. We offer candidates relocation packages to help with this move.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $110,000-$180,000.

Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WA1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
