---
title: Senior People Analytics Analyst
status: active
id: 0703aaa0-9fcb-4b22-ad8c-b53e74151a72
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/0703aaa0-9fcb-4b22-ad8c-b53e74151a72
lastmod: '2026-02-26T20:53:23.500+00:00'
date: '2026-02-26T20:53:23.500+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- People & Recruiting
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About The Role**

We are seeking a results-oriented Senior People Analytics Analyst to join our People organization based out of **San Mateo, CA**, focused on building, scaling, and maintaining the analytical and reporting frameworks that help us understand, predict, and optimize how we attract, retain, and grow our talent. This role is a hands-on position emphasizing deep expertise in People data, **Databricks (or something equivalent like Snowflake or Tableu) dashboarding**, and **Workday reporting**, to deliver actionable insights that inform strategic decisions across hiring, engagement, and performance. You will be instrumental in ensuring data integrity and partnering with HR and business leaders to enhance organizational effectiveness.

**How You’ll Make an Impact:**

* **Reporting & Dashboarding:** Design, build, and maintain scalable reporting and automation tools, with a specific focus on **Databricks dashboarding** and data visualization tools. Own the preparation of reliable, slide-ready reporting for Executive Business Reviews and ad-hoc deep dives.
* **Workday and Data Integrity:** Partner with People Systems and cross-functional stakeholders to prepare, validate, and document datasets used for People reporting.
* **People Analytics & Insight Generation:** Conduct advanced analysis, such as regression modeling and forecasting, to surface actionable talent trends, risks, and insights across the entire employee lifecycle (e.g., attrition, engagement, performance).
* **Strategic Communication:** Translate complex analytical findings into clear, compelling stories and presentations for senior leadership and non-technical business stakeholders.

**What Makes Your a Good Fit:**

* 5+ years of experience in an analytics role (People Analytics, Business Intelligence, Consulting, or similar) at a high-growth organization.
* Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, or related field
* **Strong SQL expertise**; comfortable cleaning, joining, and validating multi-source datasets.
* Demonstrated experience with data visualization tools (Databricks) and building scalable, self-service analytics frameworks.
* Familiarity with HR and people-related datasets, including HRIS (e.g., Workday), ATS, engagement, and performance data.
* Strong understanding of data storytelling and communicating technical results to non-technical audiences.
* High performing and highly dependable, comfortable operating with rigor in a fast-paced environment.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* **Coding Skills:** Experience in **Python** (pandas, scikit-learn, NumPy) or **R** for statistical modeling or ad hoc data pipelines.
* Prior experience supporting **Workday** or large HR system migration.
* Experience with predictive modeling, natural language processing, or generative AI for people analytics.
* Familiarity with data governance and HR data privacy frameworks (GDPR, CCPA).
* Experience working with data warehouses (Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift).

**Compensation Range:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $110,000 - $210,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-AY1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
