---
title: Drone Dock Field Technician - East Coast
status: active
id: 0e503e13-efe0-4a33-a58d-8ce995e5f20e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/0e503e13-efe0-4a33-a58d-8ce995e5f20e
lastmod: '2026-06-03T17:51:31.491+00:00'
date: '2026-06-03T17:51:31.491+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Customer Support
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**As a Drone Dock Field Technician, you'll travel across the U.S. to troubleshoot, repair, and maintain the intelligent docking stations that charge, protect, and launch Skydio drones for first responders, utilities, and critical infrastructure customers. FSTs report into the Customer Support Operation Team and work with other internal teams to diagnose issues on-site, perform preventative maintenance, replace hardware components, and restore systems to operational conditions.   
  
Flexibility in scheduling and travel availability is essential for success in this role. Technicians should expect frequent overnight travel throughout the US, assignments may require being away from home for multiple consecutive nights during the workweek. While the majority of work is performed during standard business hours, occasional evening and weekend work may be required to support customer operations, or urgent service needs. Business-related travel expenses, including airfare, lodging, ground transportation, and approved meals, are covered or reimbursed by the company in accordance with company travel and expense policies.   
  
An FST is expected to operate independently while maintaining strong communication with internal support teams while performing repair and preventative maintenance tasks. This position requires frequent travel, strong troubleshooting ability, professionalism in customer-facing environments, and the ability to conduct all work safely in a variety of field conditions.

**Impact**

You’ll visit customers for break/fix or preventative maintenance as scheduled by our Field Service Coordinator. You’ll perform necessary repairs and/or inspections and quickly respond to unexpected challenges, always with the goal of finding the optimal path to an X10 Dock’s Return to Service (RTS) by minimizing downtime and ensuring a sustainable resolution. You will be responsible for confirming the service appointment was completed to the customer’s satisfaction, and that all materials are accounted for and returned to the appropriate depots. You will be required to update cases and work orders with detailed documentation of work completed. Your feedback will also be shared with product and manufacturing teams to improve future product reliability and ease of repair.

**What would make you a good fit:**

* Based in the east coast
* Experience in field service or related disciplines
* Inquisitiveness that drives learning and situational assessment helpful to identify possible location-specific causes of product failures
* Experience in mechanical, electronic, and network troubleshooting
* Experience working with Atlassian Jira and Salesforce or equivalent ticketing and customer relationship management systems
* Familiarity with cloud applications
* Familiarity with robotic systems is a plus
* **Ability to travel up to 90% of the time**
* Able & willing to acquire FAA Part 107 certificate
* A passion for flying and things that fly

**Nice to have:**

* Experience in areas such as UAS operations / piloting, Mapping, Surveying, or Photogrammetry
* Utilities or Public Safety industries work experience.
* Certifications in related fields/skills
* Veterans with relevant experience are encouraged to apply

**Experience & Skills**

* Ability to utilize situational awareness and process/procedure documentation to consistently deliver high-quality outcomes efficiently
* Knowledge of cloud connected devices and troubleshooting network connectivity issues
* Superb communication skills, both written and verbal, and the ability to project customer empathy and build confidence in your ability to quickly resolve issues
* Demonstrated excellent mechanical aptitudes required to repair complex and delicate components
* Work directly with customers through proactive, metrics based engagement
* **Comfortable working in outdoor environments and working at height.**
* Ability to rent a car
* 2+ years experience in field service or related disciplines
* Valid Drivers License and 3 years of Clean Driving Record
* Must be able to lift 50lbs, climb ladders
* Practical commitment to personal safety and use of PPE and task-related safety equipment at all time

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $100,000 - $140,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-AY1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
