---
title: ' Senior Software Engineer,  Infrastructure'
status: active
id: 0f71bdbb-a645-49f6-8890-dd5c052772c3
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/0f71bdbb-a645-49f6-8890-dd5c052772c3
lastmod: '2026-07-02T19:41:01.497+00:00'
date: '2026-07-02T19:41:01.497+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the team:** Skydio’s Cloud infrastructure team is here to ensure that the Skydio Cloud platform is always available to our customers when they need it: whether that’s performing a routine bridge inspection or it’s aiding in rescue operations during a natural disaster. With thousands of drones operating all over the world, we are constantly improving the continuous delivery and deployment of our infrastructure.

**About the role:** As an Senior Infrastructure Engineer on a newish product, you’ll not just be responsible for supporting our Kubernetes fleet, but also making software changes to the core product in order to support the use cases that we need. This is a hybrid software and infrastructure role, meaning that sometimes the best solution is to fix the product, not automate around the deficiencies. This is a role for someone that enjoys having the freedom to operate across the whole stack, and the ability to affect the architecture, security, and functionality of the product.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Re-architect and maintain the ever growing needs on our Kubernetes fleet and its supporting infrastructure.
* Continually improve and expand the continuous delivery of the product.
* Work in cross-functional teams (from hardware to cloud) to build new capabilities for the platform.
* Work directly with security to continually improve the practices and controls that will keep our customer’s data and drones safe.
* Drive cost saving initiatives early into Skydio’s product, so that it scales over time.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* 5+ years of experience as a SRE, DevOps or equivalent infrastructure role.
* Can comfortably debug and automate Kubernetes clusters.
* Not hesitant to jump into the code to fix the underlying issue (Python or Go preferred).
* Prior experience implementing continuous deployment systems.
* Understand cloud platforms architecture, especially networking, security, storage, and resilient application topologies.
* Ability and interest in being delegated business objectives and seeking out the solutions.
* This position requires access to export-controlled technical data, restricted government information, and/or information systems subject to U.S. government security and access-control requirements. Employment in this role is contingent upon verification of U.S. person status and the ability to access controlled or restricted information as required for the position.

**Bonus points:**

* Familiarity with supporting both SaaS and self-hosted applications.
* Experience with supporting drones or highly automated physical hardware.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $190,000 - 240,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individual's regional location.

#LI-WA1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
