---
title: Senior NPI Product Quality Engineer
status: active
id: 178a7e84-562e-40db-9abd-94bbf29159ca
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/178a7e84-562e-40db-9abd-94bbf29159ca
lastmod: '2026-03-16T20:55:07.139+00:00'
date: '2026-03-16T20:55:07.139+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Manufacturing
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

We are seeking a talented multi-disciplinary quality engineer to define, implement, and continuously improve quality processes. In this role, your contributions will directly drive product quality, speed to market, productivity, and profitability.

***Please Note:*** This position requires a regular onsite presence (4–5 days per week) at our manufacturing facility in Hayward, California.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* This position will span NPI and sustaining (focused initially on the vehicle itself)
* Collaborate cross-functionally with product development, manufacturing, supply chain, and software test teams to define manufacturing and product quality requirements
* Conceptualize, develop, iterate, and implement quality processes
* Identify and prioritize efforts between quality initiatives, throughput goals, and yield issues. Ability to clearly convey cost-benefit / ROI
* Drive cross-functional Material Review Board meetings to classify, prioritize, and triage issues
* Ensure defects are contained, participate in failure analysis, evaluate corrective actions and verify fixes are implemented and effective
* You will be involved with all quality facets from DFMEAs, component quality initiatives, IQC definitions, production review, field failure analysis

**What makes you a good fit:**

* As a representative of quality, you have excellent communication skills to promote the impact of quality while helping to meet business objectives
* Experienced in full product development lifecycle (NPI through MP)
* Experience implementing quality inspection points in manufacturing, evaluating cosmetic criteria, monitoring quality and yield metrics
* Technical whole-product engineering experience involving firmware-controlled electromechanical systems
* Able to write simple queries in SQL, DB to pull backend data, analyse and paint a good picture of failures signature
* Strong data processing and analytical skills (JIRA, Six Sigma, JMP)
* Enthusiasm to get a hands on understanding of complex problems
* Ability to prioritize own tasks in a dynamic, fast paced environment to maximize effectiveness
* Innate attention to detail and organization
* AS9100/ISO9001 experience is a nice to have
* Able to read 2D mechanical drawings and interpret CTQs, FAIs and come up with sampling plan
* Any previous experience with CMM, Metrology instruments, Faro arm would be great

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. **The annual base salary range for this position is $147,000 - 200,000**\*. we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-AM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
