---
title: Senior Solutions Engineer, Major Accounts | Public Safety - Northeast
status: active
id: 182bb214-4aec-4458-ac30-a02f106dbc89
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/182bb214-4aec-4458-ac30-a02f106dbc89
lastmod: '2026-06-05T17:59:56.907+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T17:59:56.907+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Solutions Engineering
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Skydio is looking for a seasoned Solutions Engineer based in the Northeast to join our team of Solutions Engineers tasked with covering some of the largest public safety agencies in the United States. In this capacity, you will be responsible for demonstrating Skydio’s true end to end solutions for public safety operations across a regional territory of State and local government agencies including law enforcement, fire and rescue service, emergency management, and public works. In addition to direct experience with Public Safety sUAS operations, a successful candidate for this role will love to travel, have drone-as-first-responders (DFR) operations experience, and be detail oriented; able to conduct thorough discovery as well as capture customer feedback used to guide product development, and work cross functionally to prepare Customer Success Plans. Exceptional candidates will also have extensive product knowledge on commonly used Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) products, situational awareness/real-time information software systems, evidence management systems, Video Management Systems (VMS), as well as a working knowledge of API integrations.

Solutions Engineers are critical members of the Skydio Sales Team and work with Account Executives to secure our customer’s business, but more importantly to ensure the long term success of their sUAS programs with Skydio by laying the proper foundations.

This position offers the flexibility of remote work, with an expected travel requirement of 50-75% and reports to the Manager of Solutions Engineering, Major Accounts.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Collaborate with our Nation’s largest Public Safety agencies to understand their needs and develop tailored drone solutions as a trusted expert and integral member of the Major Accounts Team.
* Conduct product demonstrations and ensure the smooth integration of technology into customer agency operations and existing data management systems.
* Assist with the coordination, and provide technical support, for “early access” pilot programs of Skydio products.
* Gather and analyze customer feedback to inform product improvements and enhancements.
* Work closely with cross-functional teams to support the development and execution of customer projects, including the development of Customer Success Plans and dock installation site readiness.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* If you are based in New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont
* Strong understanding of drone technology, public safety sUAS operations, and regulatory compliance.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to think critically in high-pressure situations.
* Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to build relationships with clients.
* Ability to travel 50-75% of the time.
* Ability to lift 60 lbs unaided
* FAA Part 107 Certificate

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The on-target-earnings (OTE) range for this position is $180,000 - $225,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-AY1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
