---
title: Staff Global Supply Manager,  Mechanicals
status: active
id: 2ffe6453-4a2f-4dfb-94f8-882f731a11ae
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/2ffe6453-4a2f-4dfb-94f8-882f731a11ae
lastmod: '2025-12-16T20:50:31.969+00:00'
date: '2025-12-16T20:50:31.969+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Supply Chain & Logistics
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

You’ll develop and execute commodity sourcing strategies of increasing scale for high-quality drone components. Emphasis on sourcing components and tooling for Mechanical manufacturing technologies and processes for precision custom mechanics (e.g., Custom Mechanical & Electro-Mechanical Sub-Assemblies, UAV Motors, and Custom Components from Injection Molding, CNC Machining, Die Casting, Metal Extrusions, Fasteners, Composites, Liquid Silicone Rubber Molding, and Precision Metal Stamping & Forming technologies.)

In addition, this role will require support and ownership of developing the company's Supply Chain and Sourcing processes and tools. Management and improvement of existing suppliers and developing new suppliers with access to new technologies will also be a factor in this role.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Develop clear technology and commodity roadmaps for current and future programs. Be the liaison between supply chain and engineering for supplier and component selection during NPI and sustaining projects. Identify new high-potential suppliers globally.
* Cultivate productive relationships with supply chain partners, including vendor selection, cost, support, and product transactions. Ownership of RFI's, RFP,s and RFQs, and the review process and business award decisions - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented.
* Drive price negotiation processes to ensure that Skydio’s commodity pricing is best in class. Analyze current spend and evaluate current suppliers. Maintain commodity consumption forecasts and associated execution plans. Consolidate spend across the supply base to create leverage, analyze purchasing trends, and develop sourcing alternatives. Monitor current market conditions, technology roadmaps, and identify supply/demand challenges & opportunities.
* Work with finance and accounting during monthly close and financial planning cycles with component pricing costs and forecasts, and custom tooling investments.
* Identify and manage supplier performance metrics of Supplier Technology availability and competence, Component Quality, Supply, and Cost required to ensure best-in-class supply chain.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Flexibility to work and achieve goals in a fast-paced start-up environment, with an ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
* Detail-oriented, team-oriented, with enthusiasm for learning new things.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong ethic,s and professionalism.
* Technical & commercial experience in mechanical component surface treatments (e.g, corrosion-resistant, decoration, and RF performance coatings of plastics and metals.)
* Experience with Tooling Capacity Management, Tooling Unit Cost targets, and Supplier Capacity Management.
* Strength in directing complex negotiations, RFP issues, cost/price analysis, RFP/Q review, Business Award process, and purchasing procedures.
* Experience using cost models to define the should-cost and negotiating prices for sourcing and cost reduction.
* Experience in Supplier Contract, T&Cs, MSA, SOW, and NDA negotiation, management, and ownership.
* Experience with the Facilitation of ESI (Early Supplier Involvement) between the Supplier, Program design, sourcing, and procurement resources.
* Ability to prepare and present quantitative and qualitative comparative analysis of sourcing alternatives.
* Ability to manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to dispute resolution.
* Interest in keeping up with emerging technologies spanning consumer electronics, aerospace, and robotics, and new and developing mechanical component manufacturing processes and materials.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $161,000 - $227,500. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-JC1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
