---
title: 'Technical Support Specialist '
status: active
id: 3ac81a34-b7fe-4142-9d29-12bcc1376182
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/3ac81a34-b7fe-4142-9d29-12bcc1376182
lastmod: '2026-06-05T21:49:31.892+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T21:49:31.892+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Customer Support
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the team**:

Our support team provides best-in-class service and support to our growing commercial customer base while meeting or exceeding our service level agreements as defined by our business requirements. We’re highly focused on customer enablement, retention, and loyalty, and we work closely with partner teams in the Skydio Customer Success organization to ensure customers get the best out of their UAS investment.

**About the role**:

We’re looking for a technical product support professional who is passionate about helping commercial customers get the most out of industry-leading autonomous UAS drone investments. You’ll utilize your proven B2B customer support skills and capabilities to assist Skydio pilots and drone operators in understanding product features, troubleshooting software, hardware, and cloud issues, and recommending best practices for safely and effectively flying.  When our customers need help, you are responsible and empowered via knowledge guides and flight diagnostic tools. You will have access to cross-team experts to resolve their issues thoroughly, with an added emphasis on capturing data to inform product, process, and service improvement.

**Working hours**: **Monday–Friday, 2PM - 10PM PT**, with flexibility to work a weekend shift (Saturday & Sunday, 10-hour shifts).

**Location Preference:** The ideal candidate will be located on the West Coast or within the Pacific Time Zone to align with working hours. This role may require up to 10% travel to regional customer sites.

**How you’ll make an impact**:

* Deliver premier technical support to drive customer satisfaction and brand evangelism
* Know Skydio drone, controller, and cloud products inside and out, and proactively seek clarity on areas of ambiguity negatively impacting our customers
* Be the Voice of Customer frontline to other Skydio teams that enable continuous product improvement based on customer needs
* Use clear and empathetic written and verbal communication to quickly resolve issues that limit UAS fleet utilization and thereby drive high-brand affinity over time
* Over time, become a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in one or more aspects of the Skydio UAS platform and share your knowledge freely with other team members to create high-trust team relationships
* Engage in regular pre-released product dogfooding and give feedback that helps deliver the highest quality product experience possible
* Proactively participate in building support processes that improve and enhance the customer experience
* Own your work and contribute to operational excellence and low-effort customer support experiences

**What makes you a good fit**:

* 5-7 years of Technical Support experience with drones/UAV/UAS
* Must have previous customer support experience in utilities, transportation/infrastructure, or public safety organizations
* Willing to work a flexible schedule within a 10 to 7 hours of operations
* Collaborate effectively with team members to resolve complex technical issues, actively share knowledge and expertise, and contribute to a supportive team environment.
* Motivated self-starter with impeccable verbal and written communication skills, obsessive attention to detail, and the ability to manage time effectively
* Proficient in technical troubleshooting, problem-solving and familiar with triage and escalation workflows
* An inquisitive troubleshooter with a passion for drone, cloud, and IoT technology along with a strong desire to learn new skills and grow with Skydio
* Experience with multi-channel customer communication (phone, chat, email support)
* CRM technology experience, Zendesk or Salesforce Service Cloud preferred
* Prior support experience within a 360 customer success retention & renewal team is a plus
* A strong desire for feedback to learn, grow, and perform duties more efficiently

**Compensation**: At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $59,600 - $100,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-AY1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
