---
title: Product Design Engineer (All Levels)
status: active
id: 3f02ead1-8efe-4e3f-9c75-625e74ab57d1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/3f02ead1-8efe-4e3f-9c75-625e74ab57d1
lastmod: '2026-02-09T22:17:52.938+00:00'
date: '2026-02-09T22:17:52.938+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Hardware
- R&D
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**  
Skydio’s mechanical systems are the backbone of reliable autonomous flight. An intelligent flying machine depends on world-class engineering and an eye for detail while optimizing for simplicity; you will help architect, develop, and refine the structures, mechanisms and solutions that bring autonomous flight to a broad audience in a highly collaborative environment.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Design mechanical parts and assemblies for our aircraft, ground stations, and other key accessories from the ground-up as part of new architectures.
* Collaborate closely with electrical engineers to shape and integrate custom PCBAs, flex circuits, antennas, and cable harnesses.
* Interface with and own technical activity at vendors in partnership with operations and supply chain teams.
* Define and execute engineering tests and utilize analysis to evaluate system trade-offs and prove your design.
* Drive designs throughout the development cycle from prototyping to pre-production and into mass production. Support our internal manufacturing and factory teams with assembly processes, quality and inspection criteria, etc.
* Debug and investigate failures with an eye for the smallest details and a commitment to reach the deepest causes.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Prior experience of product development experience with a proven track record of execution, enthusiasm, and cooperation. This role could be a senior-level depending on experience.
* Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering or equivalent with demonstrated academic excellence.
* Ability to apply analytical problem solving skills and engineering fundamentals to create high-quality designs for a sophisticated electromechanical system.
* Mastery of 3D CAD, specifically as used in developing complex assemblies along with an acute sense of when to hack and when to build elegant parametrics. Experience with CATIA strongly preferred.
* Ability to design for a broad array of manufacturing processes (injection molding, metal casting, and CNC machining required, sheet metal forming and composites desired).
* Excellent sense of how best to prototype quickly and efficiently in a fast-paced environment.
* Ability to produce well-constructed, thorough mechanical part and assembly drawings.
* Passion for elegant mechanical design at the highest and lowest levels of detail.
* A strategic mind across the full design, source, build, validate, and ship process. Proven ability to make considered decisions at various stages.
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $115,000- $235,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-JC1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
