---
title: Supplier Quality Engineer, Sustaining
status: active
id: 4c4874bf-02da-4ccc-8918-2cca08feaf21
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/4c4874bf-02da-4ccc-8918-2cca08feaf21
lastmod: '2026-03-24T22:39:00.039+00:00'
date: '2026-03-24T22:39:00.039+00:00'
location: Taiwan
departments:
- Operations
- Supply Chain & Logistics
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Insightfully designed manufacturing processes and fully qualified supplier relationships are critical elements in bringing tightly integrated, sophisticated electromechanical systems to major markets. As a member of Skydio’s Supplier Quality Engineering team, you’ll work with our Product Design, Manufacturing, Manufacturing Design, Supply Chain, and Quality teams and interface with current and potential suppliers to strengthen Skydio’s supplier base to meet our increasing production volume & quality needs.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Conduct supplier assessment and on-site audits to verify supplier quality systems and overall capabilities.
* Participate in Hardware Product Development Process, partner with Manufacturing & Design Engineers to provide ideas and suggestions for manufacturing processes and quality plans to ensure suppliers have the capabilities in place for high-quality production at volume.
* Conduct First Article Inspections and Surveillance Audits to ensure suppliers adhere to the company’s design engineering & quality requirements, as well as maintain a robust quality control and assurance program in place.
* Drive quality planning during pre & post-production and 8D / SCAR activities with the supplier base to ensure suppliers’ outgoing quality is sufficient to minimize the need for incoming inspection at Skydio
* Maintain supplier scorecards to measure quality performance and drive continuous improvements with Skydio supplier base towards zero defects

**What makes you a good fit:**

* You are a self-starter with a desire to push Skydio products to the next level.
* You possess interpersonal and leadership skills as well as the ability to be a positive team member internally and externally.
* You have experience with bringing up and managing suppliers in the region and abroad.
* You have quality engineering experience in high-volume, high complexity consumer electronics or automotive products, or in-depth knowledge of manufacturing processes (including metal casting, sheet metal forming & stamping, injection molding, composites, coating technologies, displays, cameras, wiring harness), measurement and inspection practices, reliability, and statistical process control.
* You are familiar with GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing) and able to interpret and comprehend complex drawings
* You are familiar with and have used quality tools such as Failure Modes Effect Analysis (FMEA), Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) and 8D, Root Cause Analysis tools (i.e. 5-Why, fishbone diagrams), Statistical Process Control (SPC), and achieved measurable results by using them.
* You demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication in English.
* You are willing to travel to suppliers as required (30-40%).

#LI-BJ1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
