---
title: Mission Success Operations Manager
status: active
id: 501a3067-e906-4354-b211-ac70db6accf4
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/501a3067-e906-4354-b211-ac70db6accf4
lastmod: '2026-03-25T16:35:00.270+00:00'
date: '2026-03-25T16:35:00.270+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Professional Services and Training
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Team:**

The Mission Success team enables sales by winning the technical validation process, driving value to customers by seamlessly delivering services, and supporting customers with world class on-boarding and technical expertise. We are a rapidly growing team of passionate, mission driven UAS professionals, who sweat the details and ensure our customers are set up for success.

**About the role:**

We are looking for a motivated Mission Success Operations Manager with a deep sense of ownership to lead and drive all aspects of building, maintaining, optimizing, and scaling processes for the Mission Success team. A successful candidate will help the Mission Success account teams across the SLED, Commercial, and National Security verticals by promoting increased focus on the success of our customers and decreasing operational and reporting tasks. This role reports to the Senior Manager of Customer Success and will work closely with all customer verticals in the Mission Success team (SLED, Commercial, and National Security).

**How you’ll make an impact:**

* Build scalable processes for Mission Success teams, promoting consistency and decreasing response times to our customers and internal stakeholders. This role will focus on the post-sales journey.
* Ideate, build, roll-out, and maintain more team resources (e.g. dashboards and alerting).
* Navigate and partner with other teams to ensure integration of our systems of record (e.g. revenue operations).
* Inject AI and Automation into workflows to drive efficiency and improve our level of service.
* Own the outcomes of your projects, implementing them across a large organisation of senior customer leaders and stakeholders.
* Keep a customer first approach by learning and understanding our customer use cases and needs.
* Success in this role will be measured by:

  + Decreasing the time required to prepare for and document customer touch points.
  + Decreasing manual steps in the customer journey
  + Increased usage of our sources of truth by our GTM partners.

**What makes you a good fit**

* Ability to travel 10% of the time.
* Expertise in automation, Salesforce workflows, and data systems (e.g. databricks).

* Proven ability to implement AI in a scalable process.
* SQL and API experience.
* Ability to translate team needs into scalable, reliable processes.
* Proven track record of implementing new technology, agile development, and interfacing with technical teams to deliver on tight schedules.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and a strong focus on project management tools and concepts.

**Compensation:**

At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $103,000 - 150,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
