---
title: Communications Manager
status: active
id: 50567d8d-2903-494f-8e08-7c8ca734dc3a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/50567d8d-2903-494f-8e08-7c8ca734dc3a
lastmod: '2026-03-20T18:13:59.136+00:00'
date: '2026-03-20T18:13:59.136+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Marketing
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

## **About the role**

Skydio is the leading U.S.-based drone manufacturer and world leader in autonomous flight, building AI-powered flying robots that help public safety agencies, utilities, national security partners, and enterprise customers operate more safely and effectively. From enabling Drone as First Responder (DFR) programs to supporting critical infrastructure inspections and national security missions, our technology is deployed where reliability, intelligence, and autonomy matter most.

We are looking for a Communications Manager **based out of NY or DC.** As Communications Manager, you will help tell these stories to the world. This role sits at the intersection of media relations, social media, and customer storytelling. If you’re energized by turning real-world missions into headlines, social momentum, and lasting brand equity, this role is for you.

## **How you'll make an impact**

* Lead customer storytelling initiatives that showcase real-world impact across public safety (DFR programs), utilities, and national security; build and maintain relationships with customers across verticals and provide ongoing support to highlight their programs in their commuaities, in trade spaces, and nationally/internationally
* Grow Skydio’s media relations efforts, proactively drive coverage in support of the company’s mission
* Execute the social media strategy across key platforms (LinkedIn, Instagram, X), amplifying customer wins, product milestones, and thought leadership to engage a broad audience. Identify new opportunities and creative executions on other platforms, test and learn
* Partner cross-functionally with Sales, Engineering, Growth, Customer Success, Product, and Marketing to uncover powerful stories and translate technical capabilities into clear, compelling messaging
* Support employee voices, help build public profiles for internal experts, generate awareness and affinity for the brand
* Support event communications: pre-event outreach, live coverage, post-event follow-up

## **What makes you a good fit**

* Demonstrated experience in media relations in both traditional and new media
* Exceptional storytelling skills, with the ability to distill complex technology into narratives that resonate with broad audiences, and the ability to learn technical concepts quickly
* Strong understanding of social media strategy, content performance, trendspotting, and audience engagement
* Proven ability to manage multiple initiatives simultaneously and execute with precision
* Passion for mission-driven technology and a desire to shape the narrative around autonomy, AI, and American manufacturing
* Experience in issues management

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $100,000 - $140,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-AY1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
