---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Full Stack
status: active
id: 5655fbe3-66b0-4951-afdc-3b67f71e6938
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/5655fbe3-66b0-4951-afdc-3b67f71e6938
lastmod: '2026-03-17T20:05:18.560+00:00'
date: '2026-03-17T20:05:18.560+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Skydio’s mission is to make the world a safer and more efficient place through the use of autonomous drones. Our customers—from public safety agencies to industrial and enterprise operators—deploy fleets ranging from a single drone to tens of thousands of drones and docking stations to support critical missions such as infrastructure inspection, emergency response, search and rescue, and large-scale mapping.

As a Senior Full Stack Software Engineer you will design and build the core cloud and geospatial systems that power autonomous drone operations at scale. Your work will enable customers to plan complex aerial missions, manage and monitor large fleets, visualize rich spatial data, and seamlessly integrate drone operations into their workflows.

You’ll develop primarily on Skydio Cloud (our SaaS platform), with occasional work on software that runs directly on the drone. This is a true full-stack role, combining backend systems in Python and Go with TypeScript and React on the frontend. You will collaborate closely with Autonomy, Backend Infrastructure, Product, Design, and Field teams, owning technical direction and features end-to-end while helping shape Skydio’s long-term platform architecture.

**How you’ll make an impact:**

* Continually design and expand Skydio Cloud’s core data model and API for drones/docks and the data they produce. See our [public API](https://apidocs.skydio.com/reference/introduction) to see what’s possible.
* Build the core features of our customer facing web app, for example:over the air updates, real-time fleet health, photo and video asset management, security and permissioning, user and device management, and 3D reconstruction.
* Collaborate across functions (product managers, designers, engineers, and support) to design and deliver Skydio Cloud features that enable customers to scale.
* Design secure, efficient, observable, scalable, and robust software for dealing with petabytes of real-time data and video from fleets of Skydio drones
* Leverage your experience and best practices to not only uphold but improve Skydio’s engineering standards. From code review to post-mortems, you’ll be expected to help the team grow.
* Ensure Skydio’s platform is available 24/7 by joining in the rotating on-call schedule across all engineering teams. While reliability is critical, our platform is stable and incidents are rare—Crime never sleeps, but thankfully, you still can.

**What would make you a good fit:**

* You have fun building product features from backend to frontend, from idea to realized customer value (5+ years of experience preferred).
* You are capable of taking a concept and systematically driving it through the software lifecycle: architecture, development, testing, deployment, and monitoring.
* You have experience building and delivering scalable and secure cloud based applications with a high proficiency in modern cloud technologies.

**Bonus points for:**

* Direct experience with our stack (Python, Go, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, AWS, Kubernetes, Temporal, Typescript, React, ThreeJS) or similar technologies.
* Experience with geospatial data, mapping, or visualization tools such as Mapbox, Cesium, PostGIS, ArcGIS, or QGIS.
* Experience with photogrammetry, scanning, mapping, or 3D reconstruction pipelines.
* Experience integrating frontend applications with cloud-based services and real-time data systems.

Familiarity with autonomy, robotics, or mission-planning architectures (e.g., state machines, behavior trees).

**Work Location**:

This role is Hybrid 3 days a week in the office out of our San Mateo, California office. We are quite flexible on the days but all employees would be expected to be able to commute to our office 3 days a week or would be open to relocation closer to the office. We offer candidates relocation packages to help with this move.

**Compensation:**

At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $170,000 - 240,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location..

#LI-WA1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
