---
title: Deployment Engineer - Southeast
status: active
id: 6138ba1c-c048-407d-9ea2-7b51a3d38756
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/6138ba1c-c048-407d-9ea2-7b51a3d38756
lastmod: '2026-04-20T16:30:37.835+00:00'
date: '2026-04-20T16:30:37.835+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Professional Services and Training
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Team:**

The Customer Success team enables sales by winning the technical validation process, driving value to customers by seamlessly delivering services, and supporting customers with world class on-boarding and technical expertise. We are a rapidly growing team of passionate, mission driven UAS professionals, who sweat the details and ensure our customers are set up for success.

**Location Preference:** Candidates must be based in the Southeast, with the ability to travel regularly to client sites across Florida, Georgia, North/South Carolina, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama

**About the role:**

We are seeking a Deployment Engineer with a deep sense of ownership to lead and drive all aspects of technical implementation, end to end usage and system maintenance for our cloud connected products. As Skydio prepares for a future of dock based vehicles remotely operated through an internet browser, we are seeking candidates with the technical capability to support these complex hardware, network installations & software integrations onsite and remote. A successful candidate will have deep knowledge in WiFi and cellular networking, and experience troubleshooting connectivity issues. This individual will become an indispensable bridge between our customers and Skydio’s agile and world class technical teams.This role reports to the Customer Success Organization and will collaborate with our Product, Engineering, and Sales functions to deliver industry leading autonomous solutions that drive value to our customers.

**How you’ll make an impact:**

* Work closely with internal teams to become an expert on Skydio’s Deployment products, processes, specifications, and product roadmap
* Deploy and ensure our cloud connected devices software and hardware are functioning and providing value as agreed in our customer’s ecosystem after it has been installed, configured, tested, and modified as per requirements.
* Communicate with customers to ensure that all of their needs are understood and addressed
* Collaborate with various internal departments to ensure that they fulfill all customer requests
* Resolve complaints and keeping track of all processes that pertain to the client’s needs
* Act as the customer’s representative to ensure that their demands are met with a focus on improving the customer experience
* Track and manage all implementation projects with our large enterprise customers for successful delivery of technology and services.
* Develop and maintain deployment and installation documentation, and documenting Standard Operating Procedures for the customer to ensure proper usage and value out of deployment. Quantify product feedback and briefing executives to drive software and hardware engineering to better fit our customers needs
* Build customer loyalty through proactive support and account management
* Build scalable processes for installation of cloud connected devices on Enterprise grade secure networks

**What makes you a good fit:**

* 3+ years experience supporting cloud connected devices
* Experience with WiFi networking required
* Familiarity with cloud applications
* Familiarity with Linux OS
* Familiarity with mechanical / robotic systems
* Ability to travel 75% of the time
* Ability to acquire Part 107 certificate

**Nice to have:**

* Experience in areas such as Mapping, Surveying, Photogrammetry in the Utilities or Public Safety industries.
* Basic software development knowledge (scripting)
* Knowledge in IP networking & troubleshooting
* Working knowledge of REST APIs and experience working with customers to implement and test integrations (basic scripting, testing, documentation)
* Cloud Certifications
* Degrees in Computer Science, GIS, Engineering, Geography, etc.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $115,000 - $135,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
