---
title: Senior Technical Recruiter - Hardware Operations
status: active
id: 737c02d2-f03f-4716-a0c8-e14a0307f8cb
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/737c02d2-f03f-4716-a0c8-e14a0307f8cb
lastmod: '2025-08-28T21:14:14.462+00:00'
date: '2025-08-28T21:14:14.462+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- People & Recruiting
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**We are seeking a proven Senior Technical Recruiter to help propel Skydio’s Hardware Operations org to new heights via the relentless, hands-on recruitment of elite talent, spanning Manufacturing Engineering, Supply Chain/Logistics, Production, and more. While Hardware Operations will be your primary focus, you'll also contribute across other areas within R&D, such as Flight Test and Hardware Engineering, as needed. If you thrive on scaling industry-defining startup teams and are excited to help build the world’s first great flying robot company, we would love to hear from you.

PLEASE NOTE: We’ve returned to the office 3 days a week. This role will work out of our headquarters (San Mateo, CA) and manufacturing facility (Hayward, California) as needed.

**How you'll make an impact:**As the primary Talent Acquisition Partner for our Hardware Operations organization, you'll own end-to-end recruitment for multiple teams, hiring managers, and executives. This means you will:

* Operate as the go-to recruiting expert & trusted advisor for hiring leaders and interview teams within your functional areas
* Relentlessly seek top talent, curate high-quality pipelines, craft compelling candidate experiences, and secure exceptional hires
* Develop & strategically deploy a deep understanding of what makes Skydio special to target, engage, partner, and close top talent
* Facilitate interview and decision-making processes that uphold rigorous hiring standards
* Foster collaborative relationships across Hiring Managers, People Ops, and Compensation to drive successful outcomes
* Identify and resolve bottlenecks, improve processes, help mentor junior team members, and generally pitch in wherever necessary as a core member of a lean, mean startup recruiting machine

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Deep recruiting expertise within Manufacturing Engineering, Supply Chain, Logistics, Production and related Hardware Operations functions
* Proven track record building high-performing engineering and operations teams for successful growth-stage companies
* Strong knowledge of the Silicon Valley startup ecosystem and what it takes to compete for top talent
* Track record of sourcing niche talent pools for highly specialized roles in competitive markets
* Exceptional interpersonal skills, organizational rigor, and a relentless commitment to delivering a top-tier candidate experience from first outreach to signed offer
* Ability to influence and advise hiring teams at all levels, bringing market intelligence and recruiting strategy to the table, not just resumes
* Combination of in-house and agency recruiting experience preferred

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $130,000 - $180,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-TK1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
