---
title: Product Support Engineer Intern
status: active
id: 8df0689e-a489-4c72-a1f7-09dfe59745b8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/8df0689e-a489-4c72-a1f7-09dfe59745b8
lastmod: '2026-04-16T19:57:17.292+00:00'
date: '2026-04-16T19:57:17.292+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Customer Support
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role**: Skydio is looking for a highly motivated individual currently enrolled or recently graduated from a hardware-related engineering degree program to intern with the Skydio Product Support Engineer (PSE) team this summer. During this 8-10 week program, you’ll utilize your knowledge of electrical/mechanical engineering along with basic software skills to assist in root cause failure investigations, triage technical customer failure escalation reports to various Skydio Engineering teams, and work with the manufacturing teams on quality improvement signals coming from customers. You’ll also collaborate with other PSEs to perform key operational tasks along with tool and process improvements benefiting Technical Support Representatives (TSR) and Product Engineering teams. This role is ideal for someone looking to gain practical insights into how IoT products are designed, built, and supported as they prepare to enter the full-time employment market.

**Location**: This is an office-based 40-hour/week position that requires at least 3 days/week onsite at our HQ in San Mateo, CA.  
  
**How you'll make an impact**:

* Assist with customer failure analysis triage involving Skydio drones, docks, and accessories.
* Assist with work to identify product failures that require Engineering or Manufacturing changes.
* Help with proactive product quality initiatives involving customers and product updates/upgrades.
* Make improvements to diagnostic processes used by Skydio Support team TSRs to troubleshoot and resolve customer issues.
* Assist other PSEs in creating content for weekly/monthly feature/bug prioritization and planning meetings with Product teams.
* Assist TSRs and PSEs in swarming high-priority product incidences to mitigate operational downtime risk.
* Build analytics dashboards in Databricks and use data to inform decision making.

**What makes you a good fit**:

* Currently pursuing a degree in Electrical, Mechanical, Industrial Engineering (or a related field).
* Have basic software development knowledge, preferably with c++, Python, Cloud VMs, analytics platforms (e.g., Databricks/SQL) and a solid grasp of AI (e.g., Claude, LLMs).
* Strong technical troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, and familiarity with triage and escalation workflows.
* Understanding of network architecture/troubleshooting for WiFi and 5G LTE cellular networks.
* Experience performing hardware failure analysis and related tasks at a project level.
* Familiarity with autonomous robotics and IoT software concepts.
* Ability to work autonomously, with excellent interpersonal and written communication skills.
* Ability to efficiently collaborate with others to quickly create high-impact solutions.

**Compensation:** The hourly rate for this position is $47/hr for Undergrad, $53/hr for Graduate students, and $58/hr for PhD students\*. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Interns are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-ZD1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
