---
title: ' Electrical Engineer (Sustaining/Validation)'
status: active
id: 8e50c7da-2868-4383-af1f-920584d537fc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/8e50c7da-2868-4383-af1f-920584d537fc
lastmod: '2026-02-09T23:22:48.395+00:00'
date: '2026-02-09T23:22:48.395+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Hardware
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

We are looking for an engineer with a strong electrical engineering background who is passionate about sustaining products and supporting complex ecosystems through mass production and beyond. This role is ideal for someone who enjoys identifying, driving, and closing issues while continuously optimizing test processes and for reliability.  
**How you'll make an impact:**

* Resolve issues by owning and leading deep, cross functional analysis on complex system-level problems
* Elevate quality through technical validation of components and subsystems
* Perform electrical failure analysis (FA) on customer returns, RMAs, and field failures to identify design, component, or process issues
* Own and execute design changes to improve reliability, manufacturability
* Drive electrical component and PCB changes and validation to address issues or supply chain changes

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Strong electrical validation and test experience
* Able to root cause PCBA and system level failures
* Deep understanding of analog and digital circuit design, power management, and mixed-signal systems
* Proficiency in schematic design
* Familiarity with lab instruments (oscilloscopes, DMMs, logic analyzers, power analyzers, power supplies, bash script, etc)
* History of collecting, collating, and analyzing field data
* Strong ownership mindset and cross-functional collaboration skills
* Experience with high speed camera interfaces (MIPI CSI, D-PHY and C-PHY)
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $127,000 - $180,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-PG2

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
