---
title: Senior Employment Counsel
status: active
id: 9526009f-f8e7-4182-b02b-06d3f42f67d4
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/9526009f-f8e7-4182-b02b-06d3f42f67d4
lastmod: '2026-06-15T22:22:02.317+00:00'
date: '2026-06-15T22:22:02.317+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Legal
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

We’re seeking a Senior Employment Counsel to join Skydio’s world-class Legal team to own employment legal matters for the Company. This is a special opportunity to build and scale the employment-law function at a company operating at the intersection of robotics, AI, manufacturing, public safety, defense, commercial, and aviation. You will advise on issues that span corporate teams, manufacturing operations, field operations, and international expansion.

The role is director-level reporting to the General Counsel. It demands deep general legal acumen across employment law–from counseling People Operations on hourly manufacturing worker matters to helping set up foreign subsidiaries–and the humility to know when to call for backup. In this role, you will be the primary legal partner for the People Operations team and will own employment law from stem to stern at Skydio.

This is a role for someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment, who values creativity, autonomy, and collaboration, who is excited by the mission, and who likes to roll up their sleeves, own the outcome, and work shoulder-to-shoulder in the trenches with manufacturing line workers and execs alike.

## **How You’ll Make an Impact**

* Be the primary legal partner for the People Operations team, owning day-to-day employment counseling while managing outside counsel on specialized, high-risk, or international matters
* Anticipate employment-law risks early and address them pragmatically
* Provide People Operations clear, scalable guidance on recruitment/pre-hire issues, leaves of absence, reasonable accommodations, investigations, wage and hour, performance management, HR policy, and separations
* Ensure manufacturing, field operations, and corporate employment practices are consistent, compliant, safe, and operationally realistic
* Handle administrative agency (e.g. EEOC and DOL) and pre-litigation employment matters
* Draft and comment on training and provide select training to people leaders
* Assist in the development and documentation of sales commission and other incentive compensation plans
* Responsible for OFCCP compliance reports and similar filings
* Advise Benefits on compliance with relevant law and review and provide comments on contracts for company benefits
* Own employment related aspects of setting up foreign subsidiaries
* Negotiate contracts (including DPAs) with contractors, recruiting organizations, HR vendors, and similar orgs
* Assist in drafting and updating the Employee Handbook
* Assist in administering and managing employee equity
* Oversee HR and payroll audits as needed
* Manage other projects as required or assigned (even if they aren’t in your wheelhouse)

## **What Makes You a Great Fit**

* You hold a JD and are admitted to practice in California
* You have 10+ years of in-house experience (or similar law firm experience providing advice and counsel to startups)
* Experience advising companies with hourly employees, especially in California manufacturing
* Must be able to work onsite at least 3 days per week: at least 2 days at our Hayward manufacturing site and at least 1 day at our HQ in San Mateo
* You know how to triage and ruthlessly prioritize
* You manage multiple projects with competing deadlines, maintaining ownership and a high standard of accuracy and follow-through
* You thrive in collaborative settings, understanding that building strong relationships across departments is vital to success
* You’re comfortable with ambiguity, eager to problem solve, and take the initiative to drive projects to completion

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $225,000- $275,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
