---
title: Flight Test Engineer - Wireless
status: active
id: 9a2ea1b1-b3cc-4dfa-995b-b9da074247d5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/9a2ea1b1-b3cc-4dfa-995b-b9da074247d5
lastmod: '2026-07-20T15:58:21.910+00:00'
date: '2026-07-20T15:58:21.910+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Skydio builds complex flying robots and a key aspect that enables our products is the wireless link between the user and the drone. We aim to deliver a proprietary wireless protocol that ensures a stable link for video, control, and logging data to the drone. This role will be responsible for testing and validating the RF system with real world flight data and simulated lab results using our cutting edge RF lab. As one of Skydio’s wireless test engineers you will be responsible for designing test plans, planning testing logistics, conducting test runs, and analyzing flight data to ensure the best possible performance for Skydio’s unmanned aerial systems. You will work with the wireless team directly to obtain testing goals and coordinate with the flight testing team for testing logistics. As Skydio’s hardware portfolio grows the wireless test engineer will play a critical role in the overall performance of our growing product line in our target markets.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Own wireless software + hardware testing for a growing combination of Skydio products
* Work with the RF team and testing teams to improve testing practices, expand coverage, validate new features, and confirm there are no regressions
* Develop work flows that automate testing practices or log analysis for improved results
* Design/update test plans for new features to ensure they are robust for our end users
* Provide real-time support to the wireless team to diagnose, triage, and debug issues in the wireless system in person at office or in the field

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Experience working with a variety of wireless technologies including WiFi and LTE
* Experience working with and troubleshooting autonomous robotics systems
* Experience using software tools/scripts on linux to debug software/firmware issues
* Proficiency in finding issues, unblocking yourself, and driving issues to resolution
* Experience documenting and delivering actionable analysis reports following testing
* Demonstrated enthusiasm and experience for things that fly, ability to obtain part 107

**Compensation:**

* At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $120,000 - 150,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

  \*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

  #LI-AS1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
