---
title: Systems Integration and Test Engineer (Mid to Senior Level)
status: active
id: a1a60b27-53a8-455e-b467-712e01c532dc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/a1a60b27-53a8-455e-b467-712e01c532dc
lastmod: '2025-12-16T16:04:47.617+00:00'
date: '2025-12-16T16:04:47.617+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Hardware
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Reliability is our most important feature!

Autonomous systems bring together electronics hardware, sensing, and real-time AI software. The complexity of these systems, paired with their operation in uncontrolled real-world environments, makes the development, performance, reliability, and integration strategy that ties everything together a key element of delivering a great product.

We are seeking a motivated and versatile Systems Integration and Test Engineer to own definition, integration, verification, and failure analysis of state-of-the-art autonomous flying robots. Through requirements and architecture definition, field and lab data analysis, performance testing, rapid issue RCA, and cross-functional solution definition, you will ensure product integrity for the diverse range of applications across infrastructure, public safety, and defense that Skydio serves.

**How you will make an impact:**

* Define comprehensive and testable system requirements in close partnership with product managers, designers, and developers for new hardware products, ranging from product-level to component-level
* Guarantee overall system performance and product integrity through system architecture definition, system to sub-system level design reviews, and component selection criteria
* Define and implement cross-functional system behaviors and telemetry to optimize lifetime system performance, health, and field diagnostics
* Perform initial bring-up and performance verification during new product introduction
* Act as the first responder for early system failures, triage cross-functional issues between mechanical, electrical, embedded, autonomy, etc. and creatively drive issue resolution and verification
* Immerse yourself in massive datasets from flight telemetry and field analytics to learn from existing programs, perform risk assessments, inform prognostic and condition-based maintenance protocols, and implement future mitigations
* Implement processes and tools to enable efficient product development and testing, including test infrastructure (SW and HW), system maturity/risk tracking, and accountability systems

**Useful skills and experience:**

* 3+ years experience in hands-on definition, design, analysis, testing, modeling, and delivery of highly reliable electro-mechanical systems in rapid development environments
* Systems-engineering approach to problem solving, and a knack for rapidly identifying issues within mechanical, electrical, and software domains. Ability to work broadly across multiple domains, identify the critical path, and dive deep when necessary.
* Test design and execution for system bringup and performance verification, including mechatronic prototyping and fabrication skills for fixture development
* Knowledge of design for reliability principles, physics of failure, and integration risks of critical electronics subsystems such as PCBAs, motors, batteries, cameras, compute modules, or sensors
* Experience in Python and/or SQL to analyze datasets for applications in specification definition, risk assessments, and reliability data analysis, and write scripts to execute commands on electro-mechanical systems
* Passion for communicating the nuances of hardware/systems reliability to internal and external cross functional teams to help drive organizational priorities
* A keen eye for identifying and prioritizing risks, and taking extreme ownership in finding and implementing creative resolutions

**Compensation:**  
  
At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $127,500. - $212,500.\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-LP1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
