---
title: Autonomy Software Engineer
status: active
id: a48fe41b-030b-4f11-bf25-df7446151854
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/a48fe41b-030b-4f11-bf25-df7446151854
lastmod: '2025-12-15T18:18:58.869+00:00'
date: '2025-12-15T18:18:58.869+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Autonomy
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**As an Autonomy Engineer, your primary goal will be to make our autonomy system more capable and more reliable for all of our customers. You will own developing new autonomous capabilities end-to-end and deploying these capabilities to customers tackling a wide range of use cases, including inspection & mapping, drone-as-first-responder (DFR), security/patrols, situational awareness, and more. These represent some of the first real-world deployments of truly autonomous robots performing valuable tasks in large and critical industries.  
  
**How you'll make an impact:**

* Build cutting-edge autonomous capabilities through tight cross functional collaboration with our vision, planning & controls, deep learning, infrastructure, embedded, cloud, mobile, design, product, and flight test teams
* Develop core robotics algorithms to expand our autonomous operational envelope in challenging environmental conditions, including night time, in urban canyons, in areas of GNSS and C2 interference, at sea, and in precipitation
* Triage customer issues, recognize trends, and rapidly make our system more resilient to failures seen in the field
* Research investments in simulated and in-real-life test infrastructure
* Develop a deep understanding of core robotics principles coupled with a full understanding of how our system works
* Help out across the full software stack when needed, maintaining the highest standards for code quality and proactively addressing tech debt
* Conceive, design, implement, simulate, evaluate, and fly new motion planning strategies to extend capabilities and improve customer experience

**What makes you a good fit:**

* 1+ years of experience writing production level code for autonomous robots, preferably flying robots with a high level of proficiency in C++ and Python
* Practical experience implementing state of the art algorithms in a robotics-adjacent area including computer vision, state estimation, motion planning, controls, sensor characterization and integration, UAS software and hardware development
* Highly curious, creative, and able to communicate concepts to non-technical audiences
* Strong software engineering fundamentals and a commitment to writing clean, well-designed, maintainable, readable code
* Excited to use robotics to make the world safer, more productive, and more creative

**Compensation:**

At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $147,000 - $210,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\* Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-PG1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
