---
title: Product Support Engineer
status: active
id: a4f131a0-4dde-46ce-85a1-c83fc3e0f21e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/a4f131a0-4dde-46ce-85a1-c83fc3e0f21e
lastmod: '2026-04-08T15:30:30.999+00:00'
date: '2026-04-08T15:30:30.999+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Customer Support
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role**: Skydio is looking for a highly motivated individual with formal software or hardware engineering training and experience to help drive top-tier technical support experience process optimization. You’ll join with other Product Support Engineers (PSE) to take ownership of Support-to-Engineering escalation and Root Cause Analysis processes in collaboration with our Hardware, Software and Cloud engineering teams. You will perform key operational tasks along with tool and process improvements benefiting Technical Support Representatives (TSR) and Product Engineering teams. You will advise both groups on technical IoT device/flying robot troubleshooting best practices, identify, build and deploy troubleshooting and log analysis tools, lead Support-Product team weekly escalation meetings to mitigate emerging issues and much more. This role is ideal for someone looking to gain broad technical product and business operations experience, and also open a door to longer-term careers in hardware or software engineering, and technical product management.

**Location**: This is an office-based position that requires 3 days/week onsite at our HQ in San Mateo, CA or at our satellite office in Boston, MA.  
  
**How you'll make an impact**:

* Work closely with internal teams to become an expert on Skydio’s products, processes, specifications, and product roadmap.
* Identify product failures that require Engineering or Manufacturing changes.
* Work closely with Engineering teams to reduce escalations from Support by building sophisticated tools and define rock-solid triage and root cause analysis techniques. This may involve flight reproduction tests, log analysis and occasionally code-level inspection utilizing Claude, LLM and other AI tools.
* Help build diagnostic processes used by Customer Support to resolve customer issues.
* Develop technical content and product knowledge sharing best practices for use by Customer Support.
* Use your software or hardware and Skydio product knowledge to create log analysis, diagnostic tools feature requests, and own collaboration with Engineering teams from roadmap to implementation within device and Cloud technology stacks.
* With Skydio Field Support Representatives (FSR), interface with customers operating Skydio X10 dock-based fleets to provide Cloud integration support, with some on-site travel required.
* Lead Support prioritization of bug backlog within the product planning process.
* Be a Subject Matter Expert to Support TSRs performing incident investigations.
* Build analytics dashboards in Databricks and use data to inform decision making.

**What makes you a good fit**:

* A 4-year degree in a software or hardware engineering discipline.
* 1-3 years of experience in a software or hardware role, system engineer (SE) field experience, PSE or Technical Program Management.
* Strong technical troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, and familiarity with triage and escalation workflows.
* Experience working with Atlassian Jira, Salesforce, Databricks / SQL and AI tools (LLMs, Palantir AIP, ChatGPT, NotionAI, Claude).
* Familiarity with RESTful APIs, Cloud integration configuration and troubleshooting.
* Understanding of cloud service offerings (AWS, GCP), deployment techniques, and configuration management.
* Understanding of network architecture/troubleshooting for WiFi and 5G LTE cellular networks.
* Experience performing hardware failure analysis and related tasks.
* Experience working cross-functionally with technical Product, Manufacturing/Operations, and Go-to-Market teams.
* Familiarity with autonomous robotics and IoT software concepts.
* Self-starter with excellent interpersonal and written communication skills.
* Ability to efficiently collaborate with others to quickly create high-impact solutions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $103,00 - $135,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-LP1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
