---
title: ' Drone Platform Integration & Network Support Engineer'
status: active
id: b00f626d-d88c-49b1-8868-7cc8a1aaf579
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/b00f626d-d88c-49b1-8868-7cc8a1aaf579
lastmod: '2026-07-15T22:56:25.092+00:00'
date: '2026-07-15T22:56:25.092+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Customer Support
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

As a Skydio Technical Support team member, you will work in a small group of high-performing subject matter experts who provide UAS system and Cloud operational best practices advice and deep feature diagnostics to Skydio commercial, national security, state & local government and educational customers. You’ll combine your relevant enterprise application integration and infrastructure/WiFi/Cellular network operations experience to optimize system performance and keep Skydio engineering and marketing teams plugged into the customer experience.

We are seeking candidates with the deep platform expertise to support complex point-to-point communications links, maintain and troubleshoot private Cloud configuration issues, and support 3rd party REST-based integrations with the Skydio Cloud. A successful candidate will have deep knowledge in infrastructure, WiFi and cellular networking, configuring and troubleshooting Cloud REST integrations, and Ubuntu/AWS-based private Cloud configuration. You’ll work both remotely and occasionally at customer sites.

**Location:** Remote United States

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Quickly identify flight-related communication and data flow breakdown root causes and make mitigation recommendations to customers who often have high uptime/drone flight reliability needs.
* Owning post-deployment private Cloud configuration and operational troubleshooting for entities requiring high levels of operational privacy.
* Accelerated issue resolution by assisting Technical Support team members to quickly triage and root cause Cloud–Cloud integration, desktop performance, and data flow issues.
* Be a technical product knowledge resource to training and content teams, working collaboratively to improve customer self-help.
* Reduce the number of communications and integration escalations into engineering groups by developing effective triage and resolution techniques.
* Proactively participate with both internal support leaders and cross-function Eng and Product teams in building support processes that improve and enhance customer experience.
* Troubleshoot UAS Command and Control (C2) and Cloud networking issues using your knowledge of the Internet protocols, cellular modems and wireless point-to-point radios in everything from Enterprise to IoT infrastructure to help customers maximize the useful value of their UAS fleet.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* 4+ years experience configuring, troubleshooting and supporting enterprise-level public/private Cloud infrastructure including cellular/wireless/ethernet networks, platform services, and REST integration in both civilian and/or military settings.
* State/local government and/or military UAS operations and flight experience is a plus.
* Experience in public safety information systems used in Police and Fire dispatch centers, including software and hardware equipment and various mission-critical interfaces and applications is a plus
* Ability and willingness to occasionally work flexible hours and schedules, including after-hours and weekend support on rotation or as-needed basis.
* Motivated self-starter with proven interpersonal and written communication skills.
* Solid technical troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and escalation issue management.
* Strong desire and ability to independently learn new skills and grow with Skydio and the rapidly evolving UAS remote operations landscape.
* Experience working with Salesforce Service Cloud, Jira, and Palantir is a plus.
* Experience with CLI and scripting languages such as Bash, PHP, Python and Linux operating systems is required.
* Direct practical experience using AI and analytics tools like Claude, Coder, WindSurf, LLMs and Databricks to accelerate troubleshooting/root cause identification.
* High sense of and ability to “own the problem” while collaborating with others.
* Demonstrated experience in solving complex problems related to APIs, webhooks and third party integrations and diagnostic tools like Postman.

* Hands-on experience with a variety of network diagnostic tools including OS functions, wireshark, and WiFi congestion analyzers..
* Excellent ability to multi-task and track multiple independent concurrent projects and manage them to resolution in a timely manner.
* Be able to travel up to 20% of the time.

**Compensation**: At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $103,000 - $145,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
