---
title: 'Field Support Representative '
status: active
id: b053b0e2-005c-4e77-95f3-26c7354e6095
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/b053b0e2-005c-4e77-95f3-26c7354e6095
lastmod: '2026-04-17T19:17:43.884+00:00'
date: '2026-04-17T19:17:43.884+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Customer Support
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the team:**

The National Security Mission Success team is a growing international team that provides the broader organization and our customers with enablement services to ensure that our customers can get the most value out of their Skydio UAS solutions. Reporting to the Field Support Representative Manager, the Field Support Representative will primarily interface with the National Security sales team, Customer Support and Program Management to support our International Defense and Government customers.

**About the role:**

We are looking for a highly-motivated and technical individual with UAS experience who is comfortable interfacing with Defense and Government customers as well as other Federal and enterprise customers to provide best-in-class onsite and remote technical and logistics support. By taking ownership of customer relationships in the field and collecting feedback, you will be a trusted partner and liaison between Program Management, Product, Support and Engineering. You will advise both Skydio and the Customer, expediting the product feedback communication loop and helping manage the customer technical enablement, troubleshooting, repair and maintenance workstreams.

**How you’ll make an impact:**

* Work closely with internal teams to become an expert on Skydio’s products, processes, specifications, and product roadmap.
* Develop field support processes that define and accelerate our escalation and debugging workflows.
* Reduce the number of technical escalations into engineering groups by developing effective triage and resolution techniques.
* Develop and maintain an advanced level of proficiency in product enablement and troubleshooting by becoming a certified Skydio UAS Operator and Trainer.
* Provide on-the-job (OJT) training to customers in the areas of maintenance and operation techniques relevant to the repair of UAS aircraft and equipment, including associated test equipment, with special attention given to adjustment, calibration, spares recommendation, trouble-shooting and inspection methods.
* Work to develop or improve written inspection procedures, drawings and other instructions to perform and help customers inspect and maintain their fleets.
* Provide on-site company representation and technical support to customers and initiate corrective actions for maintenance, repair and replacement issues.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Ability to travel up to 80%+ Globally to provide field support to our Federal and Defense customers.
* 3+ years experience as a Field Support Representative operating on, repairing and maintaining UAS (Unmanned Aircraft Systems) for large clients, preferably with government or military customers.
* Adept at technical troubleshooting, problem-solving, and are familiar with triage and escalation workflows.
* Assertive self-starter with excellent interpersonal and written communication skills.
* OCONUS (deployed) military experience is strongly preferred.
* Familiarity with RMA, spares, logistics or other repair workflows is preferred.
* Experience in Linux operating systems is preferred.
* Experience with military standard maintenance practices is preferred.
* Existing or prior security clearance is preferred.
* Creative thinking with the ability to multitask.
* Unwavering professionalism.

**Compensation:**   
At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $100,000 - $130,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

• Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-AY1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
