---
title: 'Manufacturing Execution System Analyst '
status: active
id: bab95798-8ec7-4254-83c9-070b19c71814
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/bab95798-8ec7-4254-83c9-070b19c71814
lastmod: '2026-06-05T15:36:49.163+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T15:36:49.163+00:00'
location: Hayward, California, United States
departments:
- Manufacturing Engineering
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Role:**

Skydio is seeking an MES specialist to ensure timely and accurate implementation of our MES through maintaining system attributes, configuring the system for new products, and providing feedback to drive continuous improvement. In this role, your contributions will drive quality, speed to market, productivity, scaling of manufacturing operations, and profitability.

PLEASE NOTE: This role will be based out of our Hayward, CA manufacturing site 5 days a week and support 2nd shift during the hours of 3:30 PM–12:00 AM PT.

**How You’ll Make an Impact:**

* Collaborate with manufacturing, quality, and test teams to define and configure production workflows in Skydio’s MES for new products
* Maintain accurate routing and process controls throughout the lifecycle of each product including supporting post-ramp changes requiring traceability throughout the manufacturing process
* Troubleshoot configuration issues during production to minimize disruptions and downtime while maintaining a high bar for quality and traceability

**What Makes You a Good Fit:**

* Experience in MES configuration and process definition throughout the product development process through multiple product launches
* Enthusiasm for meticulous and detailed work with a willingness to respond rapidly when errors are identified
* Ability to prioritize tasks against competing development schedules to maximize effectiveness
* Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, and cross-functional teamwork skills
* Experience working in consumer electronics, industrial electronics, or automotive
* Functional understanding of PLM and quality systems

* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $120,000 - 170,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-BJ1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
