---
title: 'Production Planner, Nightshift '
status: active
id: be825fe1-fde0-46df-b084-8c663a3140f1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/be825fe1-fde0-46df-b084-8c663a3140f1
lastmod: '2026-06-05T15:36:53.061+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T15:36:53.061+00:00'
location: Hayward, California, United States
departments:
- Manufacturing
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Role:**

We are seeking a motivated professional with a background in manufacturing operations and / or supply chain who will be responsible for providing hands-on planning support for the factory located in Hayward, CA. This role will be a key business partner to Manufacturing, Operations, Business Systems, and Sales. This role will support second shift production.

**How You’ll Make an Impact:**

* Manage both near-term tactical weekly production plans and priorities to the manufacturing team for vehicle and accessories against booked orders
* Develop and maintain feasible vehicle and accessory production schedules, accounting for forecasted demand, internal requirements, customer orders, manufacturing capacity, and yield
* Track progress toward the plan and communicate any risks, expected or realized
* Communicate material shortages or discrepancies and the associated impact
* Support inventory accuracy, including performing counts and auditing BOMs
* Track phase-in/phase-out of materials during ECO implementation
* Create, release, and manage production orders in NetSuite
* Maintain data in NetSuite, such as production lot sizes and safety stock levels
* Interface with Skydio’s manufacturing execution system to determine part numbers, build status, and to create reports.

**What Makes You a Good Fit:**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Supply Chain Management, Finance, Engineering, Business Administration, Operations AND 5 - 8 years experience or equivalent in a supply chain, operations, or relevant role in consumer electronics, aerospace, and/or automotive industries
* Experienced in Microsoft Office and Google Workspace as a means to absorb and communicate data
* Understanding of Supply Chain fundamentals and planning processes
* Familiarity with Netsuite or other ERP systems and / or planning/scheduling systems
* Knowledge of hardware development processes, materials management, supply demand management, product lifecycle management (PLM) software, enterprise resource program (ERP) systems, and Databricks (a unified, open analytics platform) experience is a plus
* Strong analytical, slide deck presentation, verbal and written communication, and cross-functional team management skills
* Independent, self-starter with strong work ethics who is open-minded, collaborative, team-oriented, attention to details, and adept creative problem solver
* Ability to work in a fast pace and highly dynamic environment while managing and prioritizing multiple projects / tasks simultaneously

* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** This is a fixed term, full-time position with a limited duration as outlined in the job description. The annual base salary range for this position is $103,500 - 170,000\* Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-BJ1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
