---
title: Senior Salesforce Engineer
status: active
id: bee8ad98-8b08-4d3c-b2ea-c581e52f91ea
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/bee8ad98-8b08-4d3c-b2ea-c581e52f91ea
lastmod: '2026-06-19T17:18:19.213+00:00'
date: '2026-06-19T17:18:19.213+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Sales
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

We are seeking a motivated and experienced Senior Salesforce Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of the Salesforce platform, with a particular emphasis on Service Cloud. You will be responsible for designing, developing, testing, and deploying high-quality solutions on the Salesforce platform that meet our ambitious business goals.

**How You'll Make An Impact:**

* Design, develop, test, document, and deploy high-quality business solutions on the Salesforce platform based on industry best practices as well as business needs.
* Deliver support and solutions for break/fix issues.
* Communicate and collaborate with other technical resources and business stakeholders regarding status, technical issues and creative solutions.
* Handle numerous projects/priorities using proven project management methodologies and sound development practices.
* Monitor Salesforce.com usage for compliance and performance.
* Have a good understanding of Salesforce Engineering best practices
* Maintain security for Salesforce.com data.

**What Makes You a Good Fit:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related work experience.
* 6+ years of experience as a Salesforce developer.
* Salesforce Developer (Platform I, II) Certifications.
* Experience with Salesforce CPQ.
* Proficient with Apex, LWC and Flows.
* Experience integrating Salesforce.com with other applications.
* Understanding of key Salesforce architectural concepts and how they influence design.
* Experience with Agile development methodologies such as SCRUM.
* Excellent client-facing written and oral communication skills.

**Nice to Have:**

* Experience with Einstein Analytics.
* Salesforce Administrator Certification.
* Experience with Salesforce DX.
* Source control and Github Actions

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $150,000 - $180,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-JF1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
