---
title: Senior Global Supply Manager, EE
status: active
id: c0496d8d-8354-4c30-828d-76b86be51bd9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/c0496d8d-8354-4c30-828d-76b86be51bd9
lastmod: '2026-06-09T01:43:19.199+00:00'
date: '2026-06-09T01:43:19.199+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Supply Chain & Logistics
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

You’ll develop and execute commodity sourcing strategies of increasing scale for high-quality drone components. This role will focus on Antenna, Connectors, Cables, and Wire Harnesses for our in-house manufacturing of complex electromechanical systems.  
  
**How you'll make an impact:**

* Develop clear technology and commodity roadmaps for current and future programs. Be the liaison between supply chain and engineering for supplier and component selection during NPI and sustaining projects. Identify new high potential suppliers on a global basis.
* Develop and execute strategic sourcing plans for silicon components, including market research, supplier evaluation, and contract negotiation
* Analyze market trends, industry developments, and competitor activity to inform sourcing decisions
* Cultivate productive relationships with supply chain partners including vendor selection, cost, support, and product transactions. Ownership of MDSAs, SOWs, RFI's, RFP's and RFQ's - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented
* Drive price negotiation processes to ensure that Skydio’s commodity pricing is best in class. Analyze current spend and evaluate current suppliers. Maintain commodity consumption forecasts and associated plans of execution. Consolidate spend across the supply base to create leverage, analyze purchasing trends, and develop sourcing alternatives. Monitor current market conditions, technology roadmaps, and identify supply/demand challenges & opportunities
* Work with finance and accounting during monthly close and financial planning cycles
* Identify and manage metrics required to ensure quality, performance, and durability of the product

**What makes you a strong fit:**

* Strong practical knowledge and healthy enjoyment of manufacturing, supply chain, and purchasing processes and practices
* Strength in directing complex negotiations, RFP issues, cost/price analysis and purchasing procedures
* Experience using cost models to define should-cost and negotiating price for sourcing and cost reduction
* Flexibility to work and achieve goals in a fast-paced start-up environment with an ability to adapt to changing circumstances
* Ability to understand strategic goals and effectively communicate detailed plans across various management levels as well as multiple regional and geographic locals
* Ability to prepare and present quantitative and qualitative comparative analysis of sourcing alternatives.
* Experience engaging and negotiating with large electromechanical suppliers and influencing at executive levels
* Ability to manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to, dispute resolution
* Interest in keeping up with emerging technologies spanning consumer electronics, aerospace, and robotics
* Detail-oriented, team-oriented, with enthusiasm for learning new things. Interest in keeping up with emerging technologies spanning consumer electronics, aerospace, and robotics
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong ethics and professionalism
* Technical degree or comparable work experience required
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $139,000-198,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-JC1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
