---
title: Full Stack Product Counsel
status: active
id: c9e40dab-ae7d-4034-a335-b3e05d419672
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/c9e40dab-ae7d-4034-a335-b3e05d419672
lastmod: '2026-05-13T18:24:21.383+00:00'
date: '2026-05-13T18:24:21.383+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Legal
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

### **About the Team**

Skydio builds flying robots that give people superpowers: every day, a Skydio drone saves a life alongside first responders, prevents a fire or mass power outage, or keeps our soldiers safe. The Legal team is a big part of that, counseling the organization in areas like product, compliance, employment, IP, customer and supply chain agreements, and disputes. We approach the law like practical engineers: understanding constraints and optimizing quickly amidst complexity and uncertainty. We don’t just identify obstacles–we design pathways through them, partnering across engineering, product, and business teams to turn legal challenges into competitive advantages. With integrity and ingenuity, we protect the company, accelerate innovation, and ensure every launch soars.

### **About the Role**

We’re seeking a Full-Stack Product Counsel to join Skydio’s world-class Legal team and own product legal strategy. This role demands deep general legal acumen across privacy, IP, compliance, and commercial/transactions, and the humility to know when to call for backup. In this role, you will work closely with our development, engineering, marketing, and other technical and business teams and will be instrumental in shaping current and future products and ensuring product compliance across verticals at home and abroad.

This is a role for someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment, who values creativity, autonomy, and collaboration, who loves the product, and who likes to roll up their sleeves, own the outcome, and work shoulder-to-shoulder in the trenches with engineers and execs alike.

### **How You’ll Make an Impact**

* Develop, execute, and own product legal strategy across all products
* Go-to counsel and lawyer for product, engineering, and product development
* Build and foster relationships across the org, from software engineers to execs
* Contribute to Skydio’s entrepreneurial culture by exploring fresh ideas, identifying risk areas, and finding smart, creative ways to address them
* Adopt tools and create processes to automate, encourage self-service, and work efficiently
* Become an expert in flying robots

### **What Makes You a Great Fit**

* You hold a JD and are admitted to practice in at least one U.S. jurisdiction
* You have 6+ years of in-house experience as a generalist or product counsel
* You are a true [Full Stack Product Counsel](https://medium.com/@hikevin/full-stack-product-counsel-reclaiming-the-original-vision-8488e85d1392)
* You have experience with both hardware and software
* You know how to triage and ruthlessly prioritize
* You manage multiple projects with competing deadlines, maintaining a high standard of accuracy and follow-through
* You thrive in collaborative settings, understanding that building strong relationships across departments is vital to success
* You’re comfortable with ambiguity, eager to problem solve, and take the initiative to drive projects to completion
* Experience with international, federal, state and local government as customers is ideal

At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $225,000 - $300,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

 #LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
