---
title: Field Support Representative - Mid West (Great Lakes)
status: active
id: ceeb97ff-0122-43c1-894d-9e67a45dec76
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/ceeb97ff-0122-43c1-894d-9e67a45dec76
lastmod: '2026-06-23T18:22:11.830+00:00'
date: '2026-06-23T18:22:11.830+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Customer Support
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

As a Skydio products ambassador, you will work in a small team of high-performing individuals who provide UAS system and Cloud operational best practices, deep feature diagnostics to Skydio commercial, state & local government and educational customers. You’ll combine your relevant UAS experience with hands-on Skydio product knowledge to provide best-in-class onsite and remote technical and logistics support, help keep Skydio customers' pilots flying, and our engineering and marketing teams plugged into the customer experience. You’ll work both remotely and at customer sites with Skydio hardware and software products performing device firmware troubleshooting, mission usage / configuration optimization, and 1st / 3rd party cloud network optimization and/or issue diagnostics. Utilizing log analysis tools, customer incident tickets and internal documentations, you will use your technical troubleshooting skills to determine the root cause of various flight and skill (e.g., media streaming, 3D scan) issues, provide mitigation recommendations to customers, and collaborate with product teams to drive product enhancements. By taking ownership of customer relationships in the field and collecting feedback, you will be a trusted partner and liaison between Skydio Program Management, Product, Support and Engineering teams.

**Location:** Location: Midwest / Great Lakes region, with a strong preference for candidates based near a major airport. Priority areas include Dayton or Cincinnati, OH; Chicago, IL; and Indianapolis, IN. This role will involve significant regional travel.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Act as the product specialist liaison between Skydio and our customers by proactively responding to advanced technical support questions.
* Be a technical product knowledge resource to training and content teams, working collaboratively to improve customer self-help..
* Work closely with Skydio Product and Cloud Operations teams to become an expert on Skydio’s products, processes, operational best practices, and product roadmap to ensure customer needs are reflected in product enhancements..
* Develop field support processes that define and accelerate our escalation and debugging workflows.
* Reduce the number of technical escalations into engineering groups by developing effective triage and resolution techniques.
* Provide on-site training to customers in the areas of maintenance and operation techniques relevant to the UAS aircrafts and docks.
* Proactively participate with both internal support leaders and cross-function Eng and Product teams in building support processes that improve and enhance customer experience.
* Troubleshoot UAS Command and Control (C2) and Cloud networking issues using your knowledge of the Internet protocols, cellular modems and wireless point-to-point radios in everything from Enterprise to IoT infrastructure to help customers maximize the useful value of their UAS fleet.

* Stay current with network product and industry trends, working with product, engineering and business partners to align on our network strategy and best practices for Skydio Docks and Remote Flight Operations.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* At least 3 years of civilian or military UAS operations and flight experience.
* Experience in military or civilian operational, technical, or customer-facing success or field support roles.
* Ability and willingness to occasionally work flexible hours and schedules, including after-hours and weekend support on rotation or as-needed basis.
* Assertive self-starter with great interpersonal and written communication skills.
* Proficient in onsite real time technical troubleshooting, problem-solving and familiar with triage and escalation workflows.
* A strong desire to learn new skills and grow with Skydio and the rapidly evolving UAS remote operations landscape.
* Experience working with Customer Relationship Systems (CRMs), Salesforce and Jira experience is a plus
* Excellent knowledge and experience supporting/troubleshooting IoT or enterprise applications using streaming and packet networks and streaming APIs (e.g WebRTC and REST).
* Demonstrated expertise in troubleshooting and optimizing network connected devices streaming content over WiFi mesh and carrier mobile network.
* Demonstrated experience in solving complex problems related to military and/or civilian networks, APIs, and 3rd party integrations
* Excellent ability to multi-task and track multiple independent concurrent projects and manage them to resolution in a timely manner.

* Be able work at different sites locally, and to travel regionally up to 30-50% of the time or as needed.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $100,000 - $125,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
