---
title: Senior Materials Program Manager
status: active
id: de4e2f3b-de1c-4a3a-950e-e54da7a141a0
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/de4e2f3b-de1c-4a3a-950e-e54da7a141a0
lastmod: '2026-06-05T15:14:45.218+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T15:14:45.218+00:00'
location: Hayward, California, United States
departments:
- Manufacturing
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Role:**

As a Senior Materials Program Manager at Skydio, you will bring your supply chain and materials management knowledge and skills to enable our growth by driving dynamic material strategy and execution via the Clear-to-Build process for our drones and docks, and visionary future products in a highly regulated environment. Your impact will be felt throughout the organization when customer orders are shipped on time and valuation of the company increases.

**How You’ll Make an Impact:**

* Plan all BOM (Bill of Materials) materials to ensure the right availability of the right product at the right place and time through the product lifecycle at both in house FATP and the contract manufacturers. Also responsible for all Tier 2 materials management at the Contract Manufacturing (CM) sites to build and ship critical modules and sub-assemblies.
* Manage Clear-to-Build (CTB) report to drive material readiness to meet production plans and customer orders. Develop material strategy to ensure the optimal level of inventory to balance supply flexibility and cost exposure.
* Proactively identify supply chain risks and mitigation steps to build long term health into the supply chain. Actively communicate supply chain risks across all stakeholders and XFN teams to heighten risk awareness and drive solutions. Escalate in a timely manner.
* Effectively use CTB to drive Engineering Change Orders (ECO), product transition, and material revision changes to ensure supply continuity and minimize obsolescence of old material.
* Collaborate with the purchasing team to drive supply commits, close shortages and put in the right supplier strategy with the Supply Chain team.
* Work fluidly in a highly cross-functional team environment involving manufacturing, program management, product development teams, design engineers, supply chain, production control and logistics teams.
* Engage with system developers to build and improve internal systems and tools.
* Passion for improving internal and external processes.

**What Makes You a Good Fit:**

* Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain, Business, or Operations.
* 5 to 8 years of related experience in OEM/JDM/ODM hardware business and prior CM experience.
* Strong analytical and data-based problem solving skills. Must be able to handle massive amounts of data then connect the dots.
* Ability to manage multiple deadlines simultaneously and prioritize tasks based on demand in a fast paced environment.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to present material status effectively in weekly program/executive meetings.
* Must be a collaborative team player.
* Knowledge of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) software and ERP systems is a plus.
* Must be on site in Hayward, California (3 days mandatory on site per week).

* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $120k - $198k\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-BJ1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
