---
title: Senior Software Engineer,  Developer Productivity Cloud Infrastructure
status: active
id: e039f6f5-6136-4a24-8a30-f4a2979d1ac7
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/e039f6f5-6136-4a24-8a30-f4a2979d1ac7
lastmod: '2026-06-22T16:40:19.633+00:00'
date: '2026-06-22T16:40:19.633+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Team:** You will be an integral member of our cross-functional infrastructure team. Working closely with each team of engineers, you will identify the areas that can be enhanced to lower developer’s cognitive load, and make our engineering workflows and pipelines even more efficient. You’ll write common tools, provide development best practices, and guide with thoughtful leadership as we deliver software for our growing customer base world-wide.

**About the role:** As a Developer Productivity Engineer focusing on Cloud Infrastructure, you will work on designing and building scalable internal tools that enhance our engineers abilities to write, test, and release software with confidence. If you’re passionate about knowing how everything works from top to bottom, learning new technologies, and automating wherever possible, we’d love to hear from you.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Re-architect our build and compute infrastructure to provide developers a delightful experience
* Use technologies like containerization, remote caching, and job orchestration to optimize build setup and runtime
* Analyze system usage to improve time-to-insight in the build system
* Understand and improve developer workflows to reduce onboarding time for new developers
* Figure out how to make these workflow improvements while helping the system be more cost-efficient.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Understand cloud platforms architecture, especially networking, security, storage, and resilient application topologies
* Prior experience implementing Continuous Deployment and Continuous Integration practices
* Prior experience writing and maintaining Terraform
* Can write and test software in Go, Python, or C++
* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or relevant experience

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $170,000 - $240,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\* Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WA1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
