---
title: Staff Global Supply Manager, Mechanicals
status: active
id: e31314b1-f822-4873-87c2-b36051df3e07
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/e31314b1-f822-4873-87c2-b36051df3e07
lastmod: '2026-06-26T18:09:09.933+00:00'
date: '2026-06-26T18:09:09.933+00:00'
location: Taiwan
departments:
- Operations
- Supply Chain & Logistics
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

You’ll develop and execute commodity sourcing strategies of increasing scale for high-quality drone components. Emphasis on mechanical assemblies, motors, optics, molded plastics, machined metals, and composites, but also spanning image sensors, camera modules, and mobile and AI chipsets and other electronics.  
  
**How you'll make an impact:**

* Develop clear technology and commodity roadmaps for current and future programs. Be the liaison between supply chain and engineering for supplier and component selection during NPI and sustaining projects. Identify new high potential suppliers on a global basis.
* Cultivate productive relationships with supply chain partners including vendor selection, cost, support, and product transactions. Ownership of RFI's, RFP's and RFQ's - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented.
* Drive price negotiation processes to ensure that Skydio’s commodity pricing is best in class. Analyze current spend and evaluate current suppliers. Maintain commodity consumption forecasts and associated plans of execution. Consolidate spend across supply base to create leverage, analyze purchasing trends, and develop sourcing alternatives. Monitor current market conditions, technology roadmaps, and identify supply/demand challenges & opportunities.
* Work with finance and accounting during monthly close and financial planning cycles.
* Identify and manage metrics required to ensure quality, performance, and durability of the product.

**What makes you a strong fit:**

* Strong practical knowledge and healthy enjoyment of manufacturing, supply chain, and purchasing processes and practices
* Strength in directing complex negotiations, RFP issues, cost/price analysis and purchasing procedures
* Experience using cost models to define should-cost and negotiating price for sourcing and cost reduction
* Flexibility to work and achieve goals in a fast-paced start-up environment with an ability to adapt to changing circumstances
* Ability to understand strategic goals and effectively communicate detailed plans across various management levels as well as multiple regional and geographic locals
* Ability to prepare and present quantitative and qualitative comparative analysis of sourcing alternatives
* Ability to manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to, dispute resolution
* Interest in keeping up with emerging technologies spanning consumer electronics, aerospace, and robotics
* Detail-oriented, team-oriented, with enthusiasm for learning new things. Interest in keeping up with emerging technologies spanning consumer electronics, aerospace, and robotics
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong ethics and professionalism
* Technical degree or comparable work experience required
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

#LI-JC1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
