---
title: PCB Layout Engineer
status: active
id: eb2f4124-9bd6-49f9-9636-03152c573f7d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/eb2f4124-9bd6-49f9-9636-03152c573f7d
lastmod: '2026-03-17T21:01:34.307+00:00'
date: '2026-03-17T21:01:34.307+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Hardware
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

At Skydio, we’re building the world’s most intelligent autonomous drones. We’re looking for a PCB Layout Engineer who can execute on complex layouts, while also working cross functionally with EE, RF, and Mechanical. You’ll set best practices, own challenging boards, and play a key role in ensuring Skydio’s layouts meet world-class performance, reliability, and manufacturability standards.  
  
**How you'll make an impact:**

* Own layout of Skydio’s complex PCBAs for next generation products: outline definition, stack-up design, high-density placement, precision routing, and release to manufacturing.
* Establish and maintain design standards, libraries, and workflows to ensure consistency and scalability across multiple product generations.
* Partner closely with electrical, mechanical, RF, and manufacturing engineers to resolve trade-offs and deliver robust, manufacturable designs.
* Collaborate with PCB fabrication and assembly vendors to ensure impedance control, compliance with DFM/DFT rules, and reliable production yields.
* Drive continuous improvement in tool flows, library management, and design review processes, including opportunities for automation.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Deep expertise in hands-on PCB layout for high-speed, high-density, and mixed-signal systems (5+ years preferred).
* Expert in Cadence Allegro/OrCAD (17.2/25.1), with a proven track record designing and shipping complex boards.
* Strong grasp of component placement, signal integrity, power integrity, EMI/EMC, and impedance control principles, with practical application in layouts.
* Proficient in rigid, flex, and rigid-flex PCB design for high-performance embedded systems.
* Excellent organizational and communication skills, with experience collaborating across EE, ME, RF, and manufacturing teams.
* (Nice to have) Familiarity with scripting/automation in PCB tools, PLM systems, or experience with robotics/drones.
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $147,500 - $210,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-PG2

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
