---
title: Director, Global Supply Management - Mechanicals
status: active
id: eb7fbbdb-3346-4f7f-a202-8bfd3441217a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/eb7fbbdb-3346-4f7f-a202-8bfd3441217a
lastmod: '2026-05-11T17:57:49.943+00:00'
date: '2026-05-11T17:57:49.943+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Supply Chain & Logistics
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

As Skydio is going through rapid growth and multiple new product introductions (NPI), the role will not only be leading from the trenches to ensure supply continuity but also do so cost effectively. The role will also have ownership of developing the company's Supply Chain and Sourcing processes and tools. Management and improvement of existing suppliers, as well as development of new suppliers with access to new technologies, will also be factors in this role. In addition, this role will build a resilient and scalable supply chain.

You’ll lead the Mechanical GSM teams, develop, and execute commodity sourcing strategies of increasing scale for high-quality drone mechanical components. Emphasis on sourcing high performing and advanced suppliers for Mechanical space. Leverage subject matter expertise and supplier landscape knowledge to be sound partners to PD. Understand manufacturing technologies and processes for precision custom mechanics (e.g., Custom Mechanicals from Injection Molding, CNC Machining, Die Casting, Metal Extrusions, Fasteners, Composites, Liquid Silicone Rubber Molding, and Precision Metal Stamping & Forming technologies, etc.)

To be a strategic leader of overall supply chain process and strategy development resulting in on time customer fulfillment, cost savings, efficient material inventories, capacity expansion, new product support and supply chain resilience. Provide the vision, strategy and creative solutions for addressing sourcing, procurement, forecasting, production and broader global supply chain issues for continued long-term success of Skydio.

**What you will do:**

• Provide strategic vision and direction to align global supply chain with short and long-term business objectives and product strategies

• Align supplier selection, supplier geographic location and supply chain architecture to long term product and corporate goals

• Direct team to manage commercial terms, should-cost modeling, inventories, and deliveries for a diverse array of components, materials and sub-assemblies, including injection molded parts, machined components, packaging, rubber, fasteners, etc.

• Develop component inventory strategies to support production and meet business objectives.

• Work across the broader Hardware Operations organization to ensure mechanical component delivery, production planning, manufacturing output, and fulfillment to meet on-time delivery

• Work collaboratively with Hardware Engineering teams early in the design process to ensure components are cost-effective, manufacturable, and supply-secure at scale. You will maintain a tight feedback loop—balancing technical requirements with supplier capabilities, lead times, and risk so that design decisions support both performance and reliable execution

• Establish a supplier assessment process, including quantitative measures, ratings and feedback for specific key criteria

• Support long range capacity planning for sourcing decisions based on S&OP and pipeline scenarios.

• Work closely with Business Systems and other internal departments to continuously improve material and production planning methods, systems, and processes

• Hire, mentor and develop a diverse and high performing team

• Set clear priorities and establish a culture of continuous learning. Prudent risk taking is valued but learning from mistakes is imperative for success

**Desired Qualifications:**

• BS/BA in Mechanical Engineering, Supply Chain Management, Business, Manufacturing, Operations, Industrial or Manufacturing Engineering.

• Direct experience leading a Mechanical Supply Chain organization with a minimum of 8 years experience

• Strategic Planning and ability to simplify complex issues and topics

• Demonstrated ability to collaborate across boundaries (functional and cultural) and form effective working relationships with colleagues.

• Demonstrated change management and process management experience is preferred

**Compensation**: At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $184,000 - $262,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-JC1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
