---
title: 'Manager, Logistics '
status: active
id: eeb4b52f-d4e6-4823-9e4b-0ce75041d928
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/eeb4b52f-d4e6-4823-9e4b-0ce75041d928
lastmod: '2026-05-14T22:39:53.847+00:00'
date: '2026-05-14T22:39:53.847+00:00'
location: Hayward, California, United States
departments:
- Manufacturing
- Operations
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

As Skydio’s Logistics Manager, you will be responsible for the planning, management and monitoring of the logistics operations that make building our products possible. You will have responsibility for associated processes and KPIs related to effective management of our Inbound Raw Materials and Outbound Product logistics and the supporting systems. This is a leadership position that emphasizes the ability to cultivate collaboration, accountability and continuous improvement in a fast-paced, high-quality environment. The successful candidate will have a strong history of the following:

* Facilitating business relationships with clients and product suppliers.
* Discussing and negotiating shipping rates with product carriers
* Setting up and maintaining schedules for inbound and outbound shipments
* Directing the flow of an organization’s materials and products
* Working with other departments in the organization to implement logistical improvements
* Supervising the work of the rest of the logistics team
* Overseeing the importing and exporting process of a product

**How you will make an impact:**

* Directly lead logistics associates and their daily tasks and handle larger logistics related projects
* Write and implement processes related to receiving and handling raw materials and finished product transportation
* Assures all Financial, Accounting and General ‘Best Practices’ around OEM Inventory Management are followed and are in compliance
* Sets individual performance expectations while encouraging positive learning around Root Cause and Problem-Solving techniques
* Trains and mentors all associates to allow their growth and advancement within the company
* Raises quality, supply, compliance and manufacturing concerns promptly

**What makes you a good fit:**

* BA/BS degree
* Experience directly leading, delegating work and scheduling associates.
* Experience handling a global supply base delivering highly-engineered components while running cycle counts audits and full physical inventory counts
* Experience and deep familiarity with standard warehouse processes and practices
* Comfortable with developing solutions for any gap business process and using a variety of software solutions (Jira, NetSuite, Slack, etc.) for receiving PO’s, inventory management and communication
* Attention to detail, focused on quality and efficiency while meeting daily internal part distribution quantity requirements
* A strong understanding of inventory segregation, ECMs, containment and build-out processes is required.
* Knows and follows OSHA rules for safety and well-being of staff and visitors to the warehouse
* Has a bias towards visibility and action while tracking core ISO/ASTM documentation required
* APICS or CMA or CPM certifications desired

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of options, comprehensive benefits, and various incentives and stipends. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $139,500-$198,000 Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company’s success.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the candidate's location.

#LI-BJ1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
