---
title: Software Engineer - Embedded
status: active
id: ef9f7dd2-5a88-49b4-a507-d5fc9cad565a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/ef9f7dd2-5a88-49b4-a507-d5fc9cad565a
lastmod: '2025-01-23T21:42:02.749+00:00'
date: '2025-01-23T21:42:02.749+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the team:**

* Our team is responsible for large portions of the software engineering stack, working on a wide variety of subsystems. We write bare metal and RTOS microcontroller code (stm32 product line), integrate and write code for embedded linux and android platforms (Qualcomm and Nvidia SOCs), maintain the associated linux kernels, and help design and bring up all new electronics.
* We work closely with both the hardware team and the rest of the software organization, creating the foundation for the rest of the Skydio software team to build upon.

**About the role:**

Reliable embedded firmware acts as the brain stem of our autonomous drones and the foundation for the growing accessory product line -- bridging the gap between the algorithms and the sensors/mechanical hardware. As a senior Skydio embedded software engineer, you will have the opportunity to architect, build out and lead the development of both current and future products in a fast-paced environment.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Provide technical direction and architecture of complex systems
* Design and implement the embedded software that runs on the vehicle
* Characterize, integrate, and validate key subsystems (e.g. next-gen camera, radio)
* Bring up and debug new hardware
* Write interfaces and drivers for sensors and other devices

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Ability to write modern C++ in a real-time embedded environment
* Python development experience
* Ability to write clean code with appropriate abstraction boundaries
* SOC development (Qualcomm devices a plus), embedded microcontrollers, camera drivers
* Practical experience writing firmware/embedded code for a physical device
* Embedded linux userspace and kernel development
* Fundamental knowledge of low-level firmware
* Hands-on hardware bring-up, system debugging and code optimization
* Knowledge of debugging systems at ARM assembly code level
* Embedded security and cryptographic firmware development

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $127,500 - 210,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
