---
title: Program Manager, DFR
status: active
id: f1554474-0c49-49f3-9847-33f52238fc4a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/f1554474-0c49-49f3-9847-33f52238fc4a
lastmod: '2026-06-04T15:58:53.230+00:00'
date: '2026-06-04T15:58:53.230+00:00'
location: US NY Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Professional Services and Training
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Skydio is looking for a driven customer facing Program Manager with a deep sense of ownership to lead and drive all aspects of implementation and delivery for our Law Enforcement Customers.

You will join our Customer Success team, and will be Skydio's Law Enforcement customer liaison and broadly responsible for the success of our contracts to include: cost, performance, scheduling, project planning, technical execution, risk management and problem solving. In this role, you will have to learn technical concepts and employ them quickly. Digging into the details to understand program dependencies so that technical and program risks can be managed effectively is a must. You will be expected to utilize your technical capability in conjunction with your program management skills to deliver the best outcome for the customer. A successful candidate for this job should have deep experience working within the U.S. Law Enforcement and experience engaging with high-level officials.

In addition to your core role, you will also be suited to providing input into a wide range of technical activities within the company. You will work in a high-activity/fast-paced environment, with the ability to handle ambiguity, and multiple tasks or projects at once. Your teammates are passionate Customer Success and Technical Support teams, but also with broader teams such as Product, Marketing, Development and Engineering teams.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Be a highly collaborative, requirements driven planner with a deep sense of ownership and accountability with a willingness to roll up sleeves and dive into the details.
* Plan and design end-to-end project deployment and integration activities to ensure the successful launch of our platform and ensure operational success. Manage production and implementation programs against cost, schedule and technical requirements.
* Understand customer requirements and translate them to Skydio’s agile product and technical teams to drive development and delivery execution.
* Establish relationships with the Law Enforcement customer and be technical enough to build & drive plans with Skydio’s engineering team’s to meet milestones.
* Inform Skydio and customer business and program leaders regarding contract management risks and opportunities, ensuring a coordinated and comprehensive approach to product delivery across the program.
* General support of go-to-market & business activities as required.

**What Makes You A Good Fit:**

* Experience as a customer-facing professional services / program manager / customer success, or in a similar high-tier complex and multifaceted role preferably for law enforcement agencies.
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, including interaction with senior leaders and a strong focus on project management tools and concepts.
* Proven track record of implementing new technology (hardware and software), agile development and interfacing with technical teams to deliver on customer schedules.
* Experience in implementing effective internal business systems, processes and controls (hardware, software, operations) for management of large scale customer projects in the Law Enforcement field
* Experience with Law Enforcement and commercial Unmanned Aircraft Systems and related software development.
* Law Enforcement/Federal Program Management experience, to include: Technology Assessments, Systems Design, Systems Analysis, Programmatic Support, Acquisition Planning, and Budget Planning.
* Outstanding analytical thinker and problem solver, comfortable working in data analytics and able to resolve complex problems independently. Thinking ‘out of the box’ and to develop creative solutions
* Ability to travel 30% annually
* **Strong location preference for Albany, New York area**
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $139,500 - $175,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-LP1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
