---
title: Senior Wireless Systems Performance Engineer
status: active
id: f1ecf164-714c-4f1a-b672-d763f5724c03
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/f1ecf164-714c-4f1a-b672-d763f5724c03
lastmod: '2025-05-27T18:33:46.185+00:00'
date: '2025-05-27T18:33:46.185+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Connectivity
- R&D
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

By combining best-in-class autonomy and cloud-connected real-time visibility, drones will become the critical and ubiquitous infrastructure that can be deployed and monitored in real-time to solve various problems faster, cheaper, and safer than ever before.  Realizing this future requires a reliable and robust wireless communication network across multiple use cases and capabilities. We’re looking for you, an experienced Wireless Performance Lead to join the team, manage and drive the network performance metrics, optimize network parameters, and drive conducted and  Over-The-Air testing in complex scenarios.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* You will evaluate, optimize, and improve Skydio's wireless solutions, extend the range and manage various connection topologies
* You will lead the deployment and the OTA performance of such a network to meet system-level KPI of robustness in extremely congested environments
* You will develop, implement, and validate system-level algorithms aimed at improving performance metrics
* You will evaluate, tune, and optimize performance across multiple wireless standards including WLAN and LTE
* You will evaluate complex network performance that involves multiple drones, ground control stations and users
* You will drive and enhance performance testing infrastructure

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Understanding of WLAN/3GPP protocols and performance metrics
* Strong background in wireless channels and associated impact on system performance
* Experience with wireless PHY and MAC level Firmware is preferred
* Experience with Mesh, OFDMA and scheduled-based network operation
* Experience with wireless test equipment, protocol analyzer, and PHY level test equipment
* Experience in test automation, including designing and implementing automated test scripts
* Can work in a collaborative environment with multiple teams alongside systems, SW and RF Engineers
* Experience debugging skills in a variety of environments including those close to hardware
* Ability to analyze and report results from automated tests to identify issues and suggest improvements
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $170,000 - $240,000.00\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-PG2

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
