---
title: RF Design Engineer
status: active
id: f72f1fa5-d3d6-459e-8722-a94ce92ad1c8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/f72f1fa5-d3d6-459e-8722-a94ce92ad1c8
lastmod: '2026-02-19T18:34:56.598+00:00'
date: '2026-02-19T18:34:56.598+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- Connectivity
- R&D
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Role:**

Skydio’s RF system connects users with our autonomous ecosystems. As intelligent flying machines gain more independence, the demands on range and bandwidth are increasing; there is a huge opportunity to innovate within existing architectures to bring an incredible, highly-engineered product to market, and to define the next generation of RF frameworks and technologies. Skydio’s highly integrated electromechanical systems provide a rich set of engineering challenges and a huge opportunity to make an impact!

**How You’ll Make an Impact:**

* Collaborate with EE, RF, Antenna design and PD teams to maximize the performance of the system designs
* Define system level requirements and specifications
* Design and implement wireless solutions in a variety of technologies and standards across multiple frequency bands
* Perform circuit level analysis to debug design and desense issues and characterize nature of aggressor/victim
* Identify noise source and support system level integration
* Support end to end design for the product from conception, through qualification, certification and production testing

**What Makes You a Good Fit:**

* MS in Electrical Engineering
* 3+ years of experience in wireless design and desense evaluation of consumer grade products associated with one or with multiple wireless standards
* Knowledgeable in analog, digital, and mixed-signal circuit design and analysis
* Excellent technical understanding of one or more of the following radio technologies: WiFi, LTE, Bluetooth and GPS
* Good understanding of physics of radiated noise coupling mechanisms
* Experience with PCB layout design and schematic
* Experience in debugging and optimizing wireless products
* Experience using simulation tools such as Ansys and Keysight ADS
* Experience with lab equipment such as network analyzers, CMW500, spectrum analyzers, power meters, near field probes, etc.
* Experience with best design practices for EMI/EMC, ESD and RF signal routing
* Experience with performing TRP, TIS and Rate Vs Range measurements is preferred
* Proven ability to work independently
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:**

* At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $147,500- $240,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

  \*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

  #LI-PG2

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
