---
title: Underwriting Assistant
status: archived
id: 401efeec-db33-419e-b718-c2f8bfeca837
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/flock/401efeec-db33-419e-b718-c2f8bfeca837
lastmod: '2026-04-29T08:57:13.923+00:00'
date: '2026-04-29T08:57:13.923+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Operations
---

**A BIT ABOUT FLOCK**

At Flock we do insurance very differently. We're nearing 1 billion connected, insured miles.

Meaning our real-time, data-driven approach enables us to price connected vehicle insurance and assess risk better than ever before, giving fleet owners the insights they need to improve safety. We don’t just pay claims; we help our customers prevent them. We now insure hundreds of fleets in the UK, including the likes of Amazon, DPD, Uber and Bolt.

We've now raised over £50M and our goal is to become the leading insurance company for connected and autonomous vehicles, and we're building a world-class team to help us get there.

**THE ROLE**

As an Underwriting Assistant, you'll be at the heart of our underwriting and customer operations, ensuring seamless processing while actively engaging with brokers and customers. This role offers a dynamic blend of problem-solving, collaboration, and hands-on exposure to the insurance industry, making you a key player in delivering a market-leading experience for our customers and brokers.

This role is ideal for someone with strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and a passion for delivering outstanding customer outcomes within the insurance industry. You will gain valuable exposure to both underwriting operations and customer interactions, making it an excellent foundation for a career in underwriting or insurance operations.

**WHAT WE THINK IS MOST EXCITING ABOUT THE ROLE**



* A role that combines underwriting with direct customer interaction, giving you exposure to both technical and customer-facing aspects of insurance.
* You will play a key role in underwriting decisions, and ensuring efficient query resolution.
* Your direct engagement with customers and brokers allows you to drive operational improvements by identifying trends, process inefficiencies, and automation opportunities.
* A varied day-to-day experience that will help develop a strong foundation for an insurance career across underwriting, operations, and customer success.

**A LITTLE MORE ON WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING**



* Process client submissions, ensuring all necessary information is gathered for underwriting decisions.
* Handle inbound customer and broker policy queries via phone, live chat, and email, ensuring swift and accurate resolutions.
* Work cross-functionally with Underwriting, Finance, Risk Intelligence, and Product teams to investigate and resolve issues.
* Conduct underwriting analysis for new and renewal business, supporting the team with data-driven insights.
* Triage underwriting referrals and allocate work based on underwriting authority levels.
* Ensure adherence to internal procedures, regulatory requirements, and company policies
* Work closely with brokers, maintaining strong relationships and ensuring seamless communication between underwriting and customers.
* Capture customer and broker feedback, proactively suggesting process improvements, automation, and self-service enhancements.
* Educate customers and brokers on policy details, underwriting decisions, and how to self-serve where applicable.

**WHAT YOU’LL BRING TO FLOCK**



* ESSENTIAL:
* Someone who is looking to start a career in insurance, underwriting, or financial services.
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to interpret and assess risk data.
* A customer-first mindset, ensuring great service delivery while balancing underwriting integrity.
* Passionate about customer outcomes, with an ability to build great rapport and communicate, sometimes complex, messages in a way that customers fully understand.
* Excellent attention to detail, ensuring accuracy in underwriting support and customer interactions.
* A proactive and adaptable approach to learning, working efficiently in a fast-paced environment.
* The ability to work independently and collaboratively, managing multiple tasks and priorities effectively.
* Ability to move quickly, operate in a fast-paced environment, pick up digital tools at pace

* PREFERABLE:
* Some knowledge of commercial motor insurance or an interest in underwriting and risk assessment.
* Experience in customer or broker-facing roles, with strong communication and relationship-building skills.

**WHAT WE OFFER (in addition to a competitive salary)**

• 25 days of holiday (+ Bank Holidays) 🏖

• Workplace Pension 💰

• Private Medical Insurance 🏩 (including Optical 👓 & Mental Health 💆‍♀️ support options)

• Various Salary Sacrifice Schemes - Workplace Nursery, Holiday Purchase, Tech, Gym, Cycle to Work, Electric Vehicle, Private Medical Insurance for families 💵

• Enhanced Parental Leave and Pay 🐣

• £1000 toward relevant professional qualifications 🎓

• £500 per annum towards learning and development 🌱

• 3 days paid leave for L&D purposes 🌻

At Flock, we typically follow a hybrid working model involving a minimum of 3 days per week spent in the office, which is based in Central London, a few minutes walk from Moorgate and Liverpool Street.

**ONE LAST THING..**

Authenticity is important to us. We value the unique qualities and experiences you bring. So if you apply, just be your genuine self. It's who we want!
