---
title: Technical Product Manager - Robotaxi
status: active
id: '8325451002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8325451002
lastmod: '2026-06-05T21:26:44-04:00'
date: '2025-12-05T10:30:15-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Product & Strategy
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

In this role, you will be responsible for driving the definition, development, and delivery of Wayve’s L4 autonomous driving solutions. You will own key product initiatives from concept through deployment, aligning Wayve’s AV2.0-based approach with OEMs, operational partners, and various other stakeholders.

As a Product Manager, you will work cross-functionally with R&D, safety, validation, and commercial teams to shape a scalable, reliable, user-centric AV product strategy. Your role will be essential in translating cutting-edge technical innovation—particularly in embodied AI and end-to-end learning—into market-ready features and capabilities. **You will champion our customers and work in the intersection of consumer and deep tech, particularly in human interactions with embodied AI**.

Key responsibilities:

* Define and own the product roadmap for Level 4 autonomous driving features, aligning with company strategy, customer needs, and regulatory frameworks.
* Work closely with design, system architects, software developers, validation teams, and safety experts **to ensure delivery of safe and delightful customer experiences.**
* Take full end-to-end ownership of AV feature development, from concept definition through implementation, validation, and deployment in production.
* Stay current with global AV trends, regulatory developments, and competitors to take the best product decisions.

**Support verification & validation****Act as the product lead in internal reviews and external engagements.**

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Product manager at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential:

* Proven track record of technical product management experience, shipping products with a consumer mindset in a very technical domain.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills with demonstrated ability to work in cross-functional teams
* Strong technical background in AI/ML, software engineering, robotics, or a related discipline.
* Comfortable working in fast-paced, iterative environments with evolving priorities.
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.

Desirable:

* Experience owning end-to-end delivery of AV features, including collaboration with engineering, systems, safety, and validation teams.
* Understanding of human-machine interaction (HMI), UX, or the broader robotaxi product
* Knowledge of generative AI techniques, LLMs, or Software 2.0 methods as applied to autonomous driving or large-scale simulation.
* Analytical, data driven

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $214,900 to $274,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
