---
title: Robotaxi Safety Programme Lead
status: active
id: '8476691002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8476691002
lastmod: '2026-05-14T11:23:01-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T05:35:50-04:00'
location: London; Sunnyvale
departments:
- Commercial & Operations
offices:
- Location Flexible
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

Wayve is deploying its autonomous driving technology into real-world robotaxi operations supported by strategic partners, with ambition to scale to multiple markets and cities in the near term. This role sits at the heart of that effort, as part of a cross-functional team realising our strategic goal to bring AI-powered mobility to new use cases and cities around the world.

As Robotaxi Safety Programme Lead, you will own the day-to-day execution of the safety programme required to deploy and scale operations across multiple cities. You will translate Wayve’s safety approach, Safety Management System (SMS), and safety case into a structured, scalable programme aligned with our partners safety requirements as well as in compliance with various regulatory environments.

This is a high-impact role. You will work across engineering, operations, legal, policy, and partner teams to ensure we deliver a safety programme that is credible, scalable, and defensible.

Key responsibilities:

* Ownership and scaling of robotaxi pilot safety plan(s) and underlying artefacts
* Structure, track and execute key safety management deliverables with the support of key cross-functional teams from engineering, product, regulatory affairs and more
* Liaise with external partners to align requirements and translate to delivery plans
* Track, aggregate and report key safety performance indicators and other metrics
* Identify, plan and execute needs for safety plan expansion as Wayve identifies new markets for deployment

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Robotaxi Safety Programme Lead at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* Experience with creating and executing safety management activities, spanning safety policy, assurance, risk management and safety promotion
* Applied experience with safety in a fleet operations environment or similar
* Partner and stakeholder engagement experience
* Risk management tools and evaluation
* Cross-functional project management

Desirable

* Safety management system experience in an automotive, aerospace or transportation setting
* Operations or safety experience with platform marketplace businesses, such as ride-sharing, delivery, micromobility
* Familiarity with global autonomous vehicle test and deployment regulations and reporting requirements

This is a full-time, office-based role located in London or Sunnyvale, CA depending on the candidate's place of residence. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning and time spent working from home. We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
