---
title: Operational Safety Manager
status: active
id: '8480753002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8480753002
lastmod: '2026-06-04T10:57:38-04:00'
date: '2026-03-26T10:35:51-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Commercial & Operations
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

As an Operational Safety Manager – US, you will play a critical role in ensuring the safe execution and oversight of Wayve’s on-road testing and robotaxi operations. You will be responsible for monitoring safety performance, investigating incidents, and maintaining operational safety standards across a rapidly scaling environment.

This role places a strong emphasis on Safety Assurance — ensuring that risks are visible, continuously understood, and acted upon in real time. You will operate as an independent safety function, providing oversight of field operations, identifying emerging risks, and ensuring that safety processes are consistently applied.  The operational safety team acts as a continuous check and balance on the rest of the organization, ensuring that Wayve’s plans and objectives are met in the safest manner possible.

You will work closely with engineering, fleet operations, and global safety teams to ensure Wayve’s deployments are safe, compliant, and defensible within US regulatory frameworks (e.g. DMV, NHTSA), while contributing to a strong, proactive safety culture.

Key responsibilities:

* Safety Assurance & Monitoring

+ Monitor daily safety performance across, Fleet operations, R&D testing and other deployment activities
+ Track and analyse safety performance indicators, trends, interventions, anomalies and other vital metrics to analyze the validity of our safety case and implement suitable operational controls or risk mitigation strategies accordingly

* Incident response and investigation

+ Lead and support investigations into on-road incidents and near-misses, preparing incident reports, conducting structured root cause analysis activities and preparing summaries for engineering and executive management stakeholders alike
+ Prepare suitable analysis for all investigations to ensure findings and corrective actions are clearly documented, actionable, and fed back into engineering, operations, and risk management work plans
+ Support regulatory and partner reporting requirements where applicable

* Safety Risk Management

+ Carry out hazard identification and risk assessment activities to support on-road operations and testing activities
+ Maintain and update operational risk registers
+ Support implementation of risk controls and monitor their effectiveness

* Cross-Team Collaboration: Work closely with engineers, operators, and global safety teams to align on best practices.
* Safety Culture & Training

+ Develop and deliver training programs, prepare and update risk assessments, and drive a strong safety-first mindset across operations.
+ Champion and advocate for safety outcomes across all activities

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as an Operational Safety Manager at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* 5+ years experience investigating incidents in a fast-paced, safety-critical environment
* Experience in operational safety, risk monitoring, or safety assurance roles in a fleet, logistics, field engineering or operational environment
* Strong analytical mindset — able to interpret data, identify patterns, derive insights and present to a range of audiences from engineering to management
* Demonstrable ability to operate independently and make sound safety judgments
* Good understanding of industry-relevant standards and guidelines (e.g. AV, automotive, or similar)
* Experience with human factors, including workload, attention, and driver/operator interaction risks
* Ability to develop and implement safety processes and procedures

Desirable

* Experience with autonomous vehicle or ADAS testing and development
* Experience of automotive, aviation, defence or manufacturing safety management systems
* Understanding of US autonomous vehicle regulations (e.g. CA DMV, NHTSA) and reporting requirements
* Familiarity with automotive systems, electronics, and safety implications
* Experience supporting robotaxi or ride-hail operations

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $135,000 to $200,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications and experience

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
