---
title: Customer Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '8500131002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8500131002
lastmod: '2026-05-28T10:46:20-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T10:23:24-04:00'
location: Detroit
departments:
- Product & Delivery
offices:
- Detroit, Michigan USA
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The Role**

In this role, you will play a critical part in supporting our customers throughout the entire development lifecycle, from the initial integration phase to the final validation of our technology. You will ensure that customers receive responsive, high-quality technical support and work closely with both our clients and internal engineering teams to ensure seamless integration of our technology into their vehicles.

Located near our customers, you will be in a prime position to perform rapid diagnostics, identify issues in real time, and collaborate directly with customer engineering teams. This proximity allows you to maintain a holistic understanding of the system and effectively distinguish between vehicle-related issues and those specific to the Wayve AI Driver.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Provide hands-on technical support to customers throughout the development and validation process
* Serve as the bridge between customer vehicle integration teams and Wayve’s internal engineering teams
* Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to our technology independently
* Escalate complex or critical issues to the appropriate internal stakeholders
* Develop deep understanding of customer systems and APIs (e.g. drive-by-wire) to effectively guide internal teams
* Maintain a system-level perspective to identify root causes, whether vehicle-based or software-related

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Customer Integration Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

* Strong problem-solving skills and analytical thinking
* Proven ability to lead investigations into platform or vehicle issues in collaboration with internal and customer teams  
  Extensive hands-on experience with development vehicles
* Proficiency with diagnostic and calibration tools (e.g. CANape or similar)
* Familiarity with terminal usage and a willingness to develop basic programming skills
* Solid understanding of vehicle communication protocols (e.g. CAN, Ethernet) and automotive system architectures
* Practical experience working in an automotive environment, ideally with a track record of bringing products to production
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills for effective collaboration with both customers and internal teams
* Willingness to travel as required

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale or Detroit (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $137,300 to $187,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home. We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

#LI-KM1

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
