---
title: HIL Platform Scalability Engineer
status: active
id: '8525755002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8525755002
lastmod: '2026-06-05T20:19:35-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T14:35:01-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Product & Delivery
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

We are building a new team from the ground up, focused on developing the first generation of verification and validation infrastructure (hardware and software), including automated Hardware-in-the-Loop (HIL) with emulation of sensors, and vehicle systems.

As a HIL Platform Scalability Engineer, you’ll ensure that our HIL systems scale reliably across different benches, programs and geographic locations. You’ll lead the development of monitoring, alerting, and access control and automation infrastructure that enables system uptime, test execution efficiency, and reliable operation of a global HIL fleet.

We are looking for engineers who thrive at the intersection of test systems, infrastructure, automation and operation. In this role, you’ll be critical to scaling and maintaining a fleet of HIL systems that support system level integration and validation at different locations, while enabling engineer teams to move faster and with confidence.

**Key responsibilities:**

* Design and implement observability systems to monitor health, uptime, and utilization of HIL benches across multiple sites
* Build tools and workflows to reduce bench downtime, increase availability and minimize operational overhead
* Manage HIL systems including all the underlying infrastructure, ensure it’s reliable, scalable and secure
* Develop automation for bench configuration, track changes, and maintain configuration/version control
* Ensure seamless integration of HIL systems into test automation, CI pipelines, and scheduling framework
* Work with other HIL engineers to triage and troubleshoot hardware/software issues affecting HIL stability
* Define HIL operational level agreement, and drive continuous improvements to scale bench operations efficiently
* Implement access control systems and remote control/interaction infrastructure in collaboration with IT and security teams
* Collaborate with the wider HIL team to innovate HIL test system as a service

## **About you**

You’re passionate about building robust, scalable test infrastructure that enables efficient system integration and validation at scale. You bring a strong mix of test system knowledge, infrastructure engineering and operational experience - with a strong focus on enabling engineering teams to deliver confidently at scale. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a cutting-edge team that directly impacts the future of autonomous driving technologies, with an end-2-end AI model core.

**Essential Skills:**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineer, Systems Engineering or a related field
* 2+ years of experience working with test infrastructure, e.g., HIL, or hardware/software test environments
* Proficiency with observability/monitoring tools, e.g., Datadog, Grafana, Prometheus, etc
* Strong scripting and automation experience using Python, Bash, or similar scripting languages
* Proficiency with Linux or Unix based operating systems, command line tool
* Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines, test scheduling systems, and orchestration tools
* Excellent problem solving skills and operational thinking
* Strong written and verbal communication skills

**Desirable Skills:**

* Experience in platform operations, site reliability engineering(SRE), or scaling test infrastructure
* Hands-on experience with configuration management tools, such as Ansible, Chef, Terraform
* Familiarity with containerization orchestration engines(e.g., Kubernetes) and proven understanding of continuous development techniques and pipelines (CI/CD, Git)
* Experience working with autonomous systems including robotics and/or autonomous vehicles
* Familiarity with automotive software development requirements and standards, such as ASPICE ,ISO 26262 and ISO 21448 (SOTIF) , with automotive HIL SW and HW products e.g. from Vector and dSPACE and with automotive SW architecture such as AUTOSAR

This is a full-time role based in our office in Sunnyvale.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $137,300 to $207,300, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
