---
title: Talent Coordinator - FTC
status: active
id: '8535520002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8535520002
lastmod: '2026-06-05T09:01:25-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T06:55:20-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- People & Talent
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

### **The Role**

We’re looking for an organised individual who will passionately deliver a positive experience for our candidates and colleagues throughout the hiring process. To help Wayve scale during an exciting period of company growth, you’ll be joining our Talent team as a Coordinator on an initial 5*-month* fixed-term contract.

You’ll play a key role in delivering a smooth and welcoming interview experience—supporting candidates throughout the process while ensuring interviews are scheduled efficiently and accurately. This is a high-volume coordination role, ideal for someone who enjoys staying organised, communicating with a wide range of people, and creating a positive experience for others.

### **In this role, you will:**

* **Coordinate interviews:** Manage high-volume scheduling across multiple calendars, ensuring interviews are arranged quickly and accurately.
* **Deliver an excellent candidate experience:** Act as the main point of contact for interview logistics, keeping candidates informed and supported throughout.
* **Support hiring operations:** Assist with occasional administrative tasks or ad hoc projects as needed.

### **About You**

**Essential**

* Exceptional English language communication skills, both written and verbal.
* A genuine interest in creating a positive interviewing experience for candidates, interviewers and hiring teams.
* Demonstrable experience working in a fast-paced, high-volume environment.
* Highly organised and detail-oriented, with the ability to stay on top of multiple parallel priorities.
* Confident interacting with a variety of stakeholders in a professional and positive manner.
* Willingness to be in our London office 2–3 days per week.

**Desirable**

* Experience working in a role involving high-volume, detail-critical data entry where accuracy is required.
* Experience working with Ashby, and Greenhouse ATS

This is a full-time role based in our London office (2–3 days per week). This is an initial 5-month fixed-term contract.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
