---
title: 'Triage Specialist '
status: active
id: '8541943002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8541943002
lastmod: '2026-05-28T12:29:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T20:15:13-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Simulation, Evaluation, Validation
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

As a **Triage Specialist** at **Wayve**, you’ll play a critical role in maintaining the safety and reliability of our ADAS+ vehicle systems. You’ll be responsible for Root Cause Analysis and producing Top Issue reports across our test environments and operational domains.You will bridge the gap between Detective Engineers, Triage Engineering and Component teams, you’ll help accelerate triage outcomes and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our development pipeline.

This is a highly collaborative and detail-oriented role with a direct impact on the performance and safety of Wayve’s models.

Wayve.ai’s office is located in Sunnyvale, California, at the centre of Silicon Valley. The office offers convenient access to public transit and is surrounded by a vibrant community of tech innovators, with a wide selection of nearby dining and recreational options.

## Key Responsibilities

* Perform first-level analysis on real world run data
* Partner closely with Detective Engineers to learn and discover the root cause of an issue.
* Partner closely with Triage Engineers to develop automated solutions.
* Support the full issue lifecycle: identification, investigation, resolution, documentation, and reporting.
* Accurately add metadata to the on road interventions (i.e. Root Cause Labels, Jira Linking, Comments)
* Effectively use Wayve’s proprietary tooling.
* Investigate complex or ambiguous runs that require deeper analysis or resolution.
* Participate in regular standups to address emerging concerns, assign priorities, and adapt to process changes.
* Deliver actionable feedback on triage tooling and suggest improvements to enhance usability and speed.
* Contribute to process improvement and maintain a high standard of safety, efficiency, and rigor.
* Accurately validate Triage automation bots

## **About You**

In order to set you up for success as a Triage Specialist at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* Previous experience in ADAS, Autonomous Vehicles or Testing
* Passion for Quality and Safety-first mindset.
* Ability to learn and use a variety of internal tools and software platforms.
* Comfort with technical terminology related to ADAS systems and software stacks.
* Strong communication skills across cross-functional and time-zone-distributed teams.
* Analytical thinking, logical reasoning, and bias-free problem-solving.
* Detail-oriented approach with a focus on accuracy, even over extended sessions.
* Strong debugging, documentation, and investigation skills.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative team.

Desirable

* Experience with issue tracking and configuration management (e.g., Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket).
* Familiarity with software development concepts: source control, requirements analysis, build pipelines.
* Exposure to software release workflows and release testing practices.
* Basic experience with scripting (e.g., Bash, Python).
* SQL/data analysis proficiency for deeper log review and trend analysis.
* Experience with AV testing or robotics systems.

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $$115,600 to $137,300, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
