---
title: 'Systems Engineer, AI Validation '
status: active
id: '8542296002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8542296002
lastmod: '2026-06-08T00:15:37-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T12:43:13-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Simulation, Evaluation, Validation
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

Wayve’s Engineering Validation team builds confidence in the autonomy systems we deliver to product and customer teams. As a Systems Engineer, you will own a core part of the behavior validation for the Wayve AI Driver, from strategy to implementation and execution. Your contributions will enable the successful integration of the AI Driver across a range of autonomy products. This critical work will help the Wayve AI Driver reach millions of customers globally.

**Key Responsibilities**

* Develop and implement a comprehensive validation strategy across test modalities for multiple autonomy products.
* Define and implement general purpose metrics for validating on-road and simulated driving behavior.
* Define test coverage requirements and build comprehensive test suites.
* Develop acceptance criteria through collaboration with Product, Safety, and AV Engineering teams.
* Analyze test results and report findings to Release and Autonomy Engineering stakeholders.
* Identify data, simulation, and evaluation team dependencies to enable timely, scalable, and automated validation execution.

## **About You**

In order to set you up for success as a Systems Engineer (Senior / Staff), AI Validation at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

### **Essential**

* 5+ years of experience working on automated driving, robotics, or related product.
* BSc, MSc, or PhD in Computer Science, Robotics, Aerospace, or a related field.
* Proficiency in Python to implement metrics and work with evaluation codebase.
* Deep understanding of driving behavior and how to measure driving performance.
* Experience with both simulated and and physical testing environments for autonomous systems.
* Experience analyzing and reporting validation results.
* Demonstrated ownership driving validation concepts from ideation to implementation in ambiguous, fast-paced environments.

### **Desirable**

* Experience with modern AI tools and agentic workflows
* Experience analyzing large datasets with SQL

This is a full-time role based in our office in Sunnyvale and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $209,700 to $266,800 plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home. We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
