---
title: NPI Engineer
status: active
id: '8545468002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8545468002
lastmod: '2026-06-05T20:21:03-04:00'
date: '2026-05-12T12:15:46-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Hardware & Supply Chain
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

**The role**

As the NPI Engineer, you lead the successful rollout of new hardware / software products and relevant features. This role is responsible for bridging product development, engineering, safety, fleet operations to ensure seamless launches that meet performance, quality, and user adoption goals. You will be the lead ensuring our cross functional teams deliver new hardware / software solutions that are production-ready and scalable to accelerate the AI development loop.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Drive the relative programs towards an agile hardware/software development cycle to meet the program-level milestones
* Develop and refine a scalable NPI framework tailored to agile hardware/software development cycles.
* Partner closely with product managers and engineering leads to ensure development roadmaps align with release readiness criteria, quality standards, and operational scalability.
* Coordinate launch readiness across Field Engineering, Reliability Engineering, and Fleet Operations to ensure smooth transition of new products.
* Collaborate with Supply Chain to review and implement the supply chain footprint for scalability of the product.
* Oversee release planning milestones including alpha, beta, and phased rollout strategies.
* Implement feedback loops from internal stakeholders and early adopters to rapidly address issues before and after release.
* Lead retrospectives and process improvements post-launch to refine future NPI practices.

**About you**

Essential:

* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline.
* 5+ years of experience in hardware/software product development, technical program management, or product operations, with at least 3 years in an NPI.
* Understanding of modern software development practices (e.g., Agile, CI/CD, DevOps).
* Understanding of hardware development practices (BOM, Manufacturing Readiness, SOPs, Process development)
* Team player effective at cross-functional collaboration with teams of varying technical backgrounds
* Strong analytical skills and the ability to evaluate the impact of sensor data on model performance
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with a proven ability to work effectively across teams

Desirable:

* Experience with project management tools (e.g., Jira, Confluence, Notion) and release engineering
* ADAS or Autonomous Vehicle Experience

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $246,400 to $333,400, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
