---
title: Warehouse Specialist
status: active
id: '8551825002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8551825002
lastmod: '2026-06-05T20:55:21-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T11:12:34-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Hardware & Supply Chain
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

We are seeking a Warehouse Specialist to support the day-to-day operations of our warehouse and stores function. The Warehouse Specialist will work closely with the Warehouse Manager/Lead and cross-functional teams (including AVOps, Supply Chain, and IT) to ensure smooth, efficient, and accurate material management processes. This role is critical to maintaining stock integrity, ensuring timely deliveries, and building robust processes to support Wayve’s upcoming growth.

### **Key Responsibilities**

**Warehouse Operations**

* Manage and control inventory levels, ensuring accuracy and timeliness of all stock bookings, kittings, and cycle counts.
* Organize and label storage space to maintain clear and efficient warehouse operations.
* Coordinate inbound and outbound shipping/receiving processes, ensuring smooth collaboration with cross-functional teams.
* Support the Warehouse Manager in ensuring warehouse operations run efficiently and meet defined expectations.

**Team & Process Integration**

* Build effective working relationships with wider teams to support material deliveries and demand.
* Communicate clearly regarding store availability, demand requests, and component kitting/delivery timelines.

**Material Handling**

* Define and implement material handling and storage processes in the UK in coordination with the Warehouse Manager.
* Ensure specialized handling protocols for sensitive electronics (ESD) and automotive sensors.
* Promote efficient and cost-effective material management structures with contingency planning to prevent build delays.

**Inventory & Stock Management**

* Carry out accurate and timely bookings and kittings aligned with inbound deliveries and build plans.
* Implement and maintain a rolling cycle count to ensure stock integrity and a high level of data accuracy within the ERP .
* Support inventory forecasting and reporting by monitoring stock values and identifying slow-moving or obsolete inventory.
* Assist with developing processes to highlight and resolve inventory management issues proactively.

**Continuous Improvement**

* Actively participate in process improvement initiatives to enhance warehouse operations.
* Collaborate with the Warehouse Manager on new projects, adapting responsibilities as required.
* Contribute to building discipline and best practices across warehouse activities.

### **Skills & Qualifications**

* Proven experience in warehouse operations, inventory control, or logistics, ideally within a high-tech or automotive R&D environment
* Strong organizational skills with attention to detail and accuracy.
* Ability to work cross-functionally and communicate effectively with multiple teams.
* Familiarity with stock management systems, ERP platforms, or warehouse management software (preferred).
* Proactive, adaptable, and able to work in a fast-paced environment.

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $123,600 to $158,500, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
