---
title: Shift Lead
status: active
id: '8555558002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8555558002
lastmod: '2026-05-28T17:19:33-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T14:17:46-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Fleet Operations
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

### **The role**

Shift leads are a pivotal layer of management in our Fleet Operations, responsible for ensuring daily operations are conducted with the highest levels of safety and efficiency. They play a crucial role in fostering an inclusive working environment where Vehicle Safety Officers (VSOs) feel their ideas are valued and can voice safety concerns without fear. This role is vital, and candidates must possess exceptional skills and qualifications.

### Location & Shift Expectations

Our current operational site is in Sunnyvale, CA where we carry out on-road testing and development operations. The successful candidate will be expected to be available to work in-person for each shift.  Remote opportunities are not available for this position.

This role will be a 4x10 dedicated shift role although expect some movement to support customer needs.

### Roles and responsibilities

As a Shift Lead, you will be responsible for managing a team of VSO’s to ensure that they are trained, motivated, and performing their roles safely and achieving operational hours

* **Leadership and Supervision:** Lead a team of VSOs during a shift, providing guidance, support, and direction to ensure tasks are completed efficiently and effectively.
* **Operational Management:** Oversee the day-to-day operations within the shift, ensuring they meet the company's standards and goals. This includes managing work schedules, assigning tasks, and monitoring performance.
* **Performance management:** Line manage a group of VSOs who will operate across a rostered shift pattern, ensuring that you have face-to-face, documented contact with each member at least on a monthly basis.
* **Customer Engagement**: Engage with customers directly by being the central point of contact for specific OEM initiatives and cascading instructions to VSOs
* **Safety and Compliance:** Ensure all operations comply with company policies and legal regulations. Promote a safe work environment by enforcing safety protocols.
* **Quality Control:** Monitor the quality of on-road testing during a shift to ensure they meet the required standards. Address any issues or discrepancies and highlight them to the Quality Assurance team.
* **Problem Solving:** Identify operational problems and challenges. Develop and implement practical solutions to overcome these issues, ensuring minimal disruption to the operations.
* **Communication:** Serve as the primary point of contact for the operations team during the shift. Communicate effectively with team members, management, and other departments to ensure a cohesive operation.
* **Reporting and Documentation:** Prepare and submit reports on shift activities, including performance metrics, incident reports, and any deviations from the standard operating procedures.
* **Incident Management:** Provide the initial point of contact for an on-road incident and initial ‘Operations Officer’ as per the company Major Incident Management Plan.
* **Training and Development:** Coordinate individual and collective training and development events with the Quality Assurance team.
* **Continuous Improvement:** Continuously seek ways to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Implement process improvements and best practices.

### **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Shift Lead at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

#### **Essential**

* You must be fluent in English
* You remain calm and controlled in a pressured environment
* You take on board feedback and learn from your mistakes, employing a growth mindset to the way you develop yourself
* You enjoy working with people, thriving in a team environment
* You know how to manage your wellbeing including fatigue, stress and have personal, proven strategies to do this
* Proven experience as a team coordinator or similar role.
* Strong leadership and communication skills in a 1:1 capacity, downwards to your team, and upwards and laterally with your other stakeholders
* Ability to work under pressure and manage multiple priorities.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Proficiency in Google Workspace or Microsoft Office suite

#### **External candidates will also be evaluated on:**

* Full clean driving liscence
* At least 5 years' driving experience in
* No blameworthy insurance claims in the past three years
* Strong driving skills and knowledge and willingness to continue developing
* All applications are required to disclose any second job as part of the application process
* Employment is contingent upon passing random drug and alcohol testing, in accordance with our Drugs & Alcohol policy.

The reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $115,000 to $127,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
