---
title: Shift Lead
status: active
id: '8557136002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8557136002
lastmod: '2026-05-23T03:40:05-04:00'
date: '2026-05-23T03:40:05-04:00'
location: Japan
departments:
- Fleet Operations
offices:
- Yokohama, Japan
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

### **The role**

Shift leads are frontline operational leaders responsible for the safe, efficient, and high-performing execution of Wayve’s autonomous driving operations in Japan. Responsible for ensuring daily operations are conducted with the highest levels of safety and efficiency. They play a crucial role in fostering an inclusive working environment where Vehicle Safety Operators (VSOs) feel their ideas are valued and can voice safety concerns without fear. You will work directly within a cutting-edge autonomous vehicle testing environment, partnering with engineering, fleet operations, and automotive stakeholders to support real-world AI development.

### Location Expectations

We currently have two operational sites in Japan to carry out on-road testing and development operations: one in Yokohama and one in Tokyo Ryutsu Centre, which is near Haneda Airport. This role operates across both of Wayve’s Japan operational hubs, offering exposure to a wide range of testing and operational activities.

This role will be a dedicated shift role. Flexibility outside standard hours may occasionally be required to support testing activities, customer operations, or critical operational events.

As Wayve scales in Japan, this role offers a pathway into broader operations, program management, and leadership responsibilities.

### Roles and responsibilities

As a Shift Lead, you will be responsible for leading a team of Vehicle Safety Operators (VSOs) to deliver safe, high-quality, and efficient on-road testing operations

* **Leadership and Supervision:** Lead and support a growing team of VSOs during live testing operations, driving high standards of professionalism, communication, safety, and execution. To do so, you will work closely with cross-functional teams including Fleet Management, Quality Assurance, and Office Management.
* **Operational Management:** Own shift execution across active fleet operations, coordinating people, vehicles, schedules, and operational priorities in real time., ensuring they meet the company's standards and goals. This includes managing work schedules, assigning tasks, and monitoring performance.
* **Performance management:** Line manage a group of VSOs who will operate across a rostered shift pattern, ensuring that you have face-to-face, documented contact with each member at least on a monthly basis.
* **Customer Engagement**: Act as an operational point of contact for selected OEM and partner activities, helping ensure smooth execution and professional stakeholder coordination.
* **Safety and Compliance:** Ensure all operations comply with company policies and legal regulations. Promote a safe work environment by enforcing safety protocols.
* **Quality Control:** Support high-quality data collection and testing execution by identifying operational issues, escalating risks, and maintaining testing standards.
* **Problem Solving:** Make real-time operational decisions in fast-moving environments, balancing safety, efficiency, and testing priorities.
* **Communication:** Serve as the operational lead during shift hours, ensuring clear communication and coordination across Fleet Operations and cross-functional teams.
* **Reporting and Documentation:** Maintain accurate operational reporting, incident documentation, and shift handovers to support continuous improvement and operational visibility.
* **Incident Management:** Provide the initial point of contact for an on-road incident and initial ‘Operations Officer’ as per the company Major Incident Management Plan.
* **Training and Development:** Coordinate individual and collective training and development events with the Quality Assurance team.
* **Continuous Improvement:** Identify opportunities to improve operational processes, utilisation, and team effectiveness as Wayve scales in Japan.

### **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Shift Lead at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

#### **Essential**

* You must be fluent in English and Japanese
* You stay calm, decisive, and professional in fast-paced operational environments
* You are open to feedback and continuously seek to improve your performance and leadership skills
* You enjoy working with people, thriving in a team environment
* You are able to maintain professionalism and sound judgement in high-pressure operational environments.
* Proven experience as a team coordinator or similar role in fast-moving environments (mobility, logistics, transportation, aviation, hospitality, field operations, etc.)
* Strong communication and stakeholder management skills across frontline teams and cross-functional partners
* Ability to work under pressure and manage multiple priorities.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Proficiency in Google Workspace or Microsoft Office suite

#### **External candidates will also be evaluated on 👇**

* Full clean driving licence
* At least 8 years' driving experience in Japan
* No blameworthy insurance claims in the past three years
* Strong driving skills and knowledge and willingness to continue developing
* All applications are required to disclose any second job as part of the application process
* All applicants will be subject to a health check (before/after) the offer and should disclose any conditions that may affect their ability to safely operate a vehicle
* Employment is contingent upon passing random drug and alcohol testing, in accordance with our Drugs & Alcohol policy.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
