---
title: Director AV Product Engineering
status: active
id: '8561338002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8561338002
lastmod: '2026-05-27T19:27:02-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T19:27:02-04:00'
location: London; Sunnyvale
departments:
- AV Engineering
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

As Director of Engineering you will manage the Product Engineering group within our AI Engineering organisation. You will report to the VP of Autonomy.

*The role is on the critical path to the financial success of the business. You are responsible for taking AI model backbones and delivering an****autonomous vehicle capability roadmap with production-level quality****.  This includes collecting, filtering and selecting the most relevant training data; and then training, tuning, debugging production models.  The technology will be deployed to multiple OEM partners working with separate Application teams.*

*You are expected to establish solid ML practices from the start and to attract technical leadership.  You will lead multiple teams covering Driving, ADAS, Parking, HMI functionality.*

*You will set the technical direction in your area and ensure that deliverables align with company objectives. You will provide leadership and guidance to each of the Engineering Managers that work within your area. You will steer the teams and coordinate with others across Wayve. You will work with leaders across the company to ensure career growth for your teams.*

This means you will:

* Define and own the technical vision, strategy and metrics for your area, ensuring its teams and the rest of Wayve are aligned and galvanised.
* Frame autonomous driving as a problem that can be solved by data. Define efficient data curriculums to ensure product feature and geographical coverage.
* Drive an eval-driven culture to reach KPI targets with high predictability and resource efficiency.
* Partner with the senior leadership team to maintain a culture of impact, performance, and health.
* Build technical capabilities across the division and develop talented engineers as Wayve grows. Build resilient and reliable systems, teams and individuals.
* Work closely with team members to develop career plans and growth trajectories based on each individual’s strengths and weaknesses and their own aspirations.

You will be essential to Wayve’s mission, deeply enjoy what you do, take immense pride in being a part of something big, and love pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as an Engineering Director at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* You have delivered successful Autonomy products that rely on complex AI models.
* Management: experience leading complex teams, e.g., multiple management layers or matrixed.
* Domain skills: experience with autonomy products – autopilot/navigation, active safety, parking.
* Product delivery skills: roadmap articulation, interface with leadership & business functions.
* Execution skills: resource allocation, program planning and execution 1-2 years out.
* Engineering skills: code development practices, testing, serviceability.
* Education: BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar experience.

Desirable

* Experience applying foundation models to implement specific product features.
* Experience working with multiple automotive OEMs.
* Experience with GenAI simulation.
* Experience with cloud platforms, databases, large scale data pipelines.

This is a full-time role based in our office in London or Sunnyvale. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.     
  
The reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $440,000 to $580,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
