---
title: Learning Experience Partner
status: active
id: '8564459002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8564459002
lastmod: '2026-05-29T12:05:49-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T12:05:49-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- People & Talent
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

### **The Role**

Reporting to the Head of People Experience, this role sits within the People Experience team where we have a direct hand in creating experiences that will have lasting impact on our people across the globe, from design right through to implementation.

We’re looking for **our first** **Learning Experience Partner** to shape and scale how learning happens at Wayve.  It is a strategic, hands-on individual contributor role where you will partner with key stakeholders across engineering, operations, and business teams to build impactful learning experiences that accelerate technical performance, leadership capability, and organisational growth.  The initial work will be focused on developing our L&D strategy including assessing the need for a Learning Management System and providing advisory on existing programmes of work.

You’ll play a key role in embedding a high-performance, feedback-driven culture by designing learning solutions that are practical, data-informed, and aligned with Wayve’s rapid pace of innovation.  Success in this role comes from **what you enable and scale, not what training you personally deliver** - with a strong emphasis on design, curation, and embedding learning through the organisation.

### Key responsibilities:

**Strategic Partnership**

* Partner with key stakeholders to identify capability gaps and design L&D strategies aligned to business priorities
* Act as a trusted advisor on performance, growth, and organisational effectiveness
* Translate business needs into scalable learning solutions considering build versus buy solutions

**Learning Design**

* Design and implement high-impact programmes (e.g. technical upskilling, leadership development, onboarding)
* Blend approaches across workshops, coaching, digital learning, and on-the-job experiences
* Create learning journeys that are engaging, measurable, and tailored to diverse teams

**Leadership & Management Development**

* Build and scale our approach for manager and leadership effectiveness
* Support stakeholders with finding targeted interventions as needed
* Drive initiatives around feedback, performance conversations, and team effectiveness

**Culture & Performance Enablement**

* Embed a culture of continuous learning, experimentation, and feedback
* Partner with People and Talent teams on performance cycles, career frameworks, and progression
* Support organisational change initiatives through targeted learning strategies

**Measurement & Impact**

* Define success metrics and evaluate the impact of learning initiatives
* Use data and insights to continuously improve programmes
* Align learning outcomes with business and performance goals

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a **Learning Experience Partner** at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

You may have been a Senior L&D Partner / Talent Development Partner in a high-growth tech company or scale-up OR a more mature organisation which has gone through transformation,   You may have operated as standalone or in a small-team L&D function.

You’ll have experience partnering with **senior leaders in product, engineering, or operations**, designing a variety of programmes with a blend of technical and non-technicalupskilling, and making decisions around LMS or external vendors.

**Essential**

* Proven experience in a strategic L&D or Talent Development partner, ideally in a tech or scale-up environment
* Experience in skills needs analysis and skills assessments
* Knowledge of different L&D principles, models and frameworks
* Solid stakeholder management skills with experience influencing senior leaders
* Expertise in designing L&D programmes alongside subject matter experts and building from scratch
* Strong awareness of best practice and technological advances e.g. eLearning platforms and authoring tools
* Creative and resourceful in finding innovative learning solutions
* Commercial mindset with the ability to tie learning initiatives to business outcomes
* Experience using data to evaluate effectiveness and inform decisions

**Nice to have**

* Experience in AI, deep tech, or engineering-led organisation
* Strong delivery and facilitation skills

This is a full-time role based in our office in London.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
