---
title: Certification Engineer - Japanese Market Specialist
status: active
id: '8565894002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8565894002
lastmod: '2026-05-31T08:34:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-31T08:34:11-04:00'
location: Tokyo
departments:
- Global Affairs, Legal & Assurance
offices:
- Tokyo, Japan
- Yokohama, Japan
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

As a Certification Engineer (Japan Specialist) at Wayve, you’ll be at the critical intersection of regulation and product development, helping ensure our AV2.0 technology aligns with the complex and fast-evolving global regulatory landscape, with a special focus on the Japan Market. You will own the processes and relationships to ensure our AV stack can be launched, scaled, and maintained in compliance with key automotive regulations.

This cross-functional role requires collaboration with every part of the business. You’ll collaborate across Engineering, Product, Legal and Public Policy to identify regulatory requirements for Japan, translate them into actionable internal deliverables, and track progress across complex programmes. You’ll interface with OEMs and regulators, manage documentation, and contribute to shaping the external regulatory environment.

**Key responsibilities:**

* Regulatory Alignment & Documentation: Own the implementation of regulatory requirements in Japan, while ensuring maximal alignment between other deployment jurisdictions to avoid Engineering demand.
* Cross-functional Collaboration: Set up lean but regular engagement with Product, and Engineering teams to embed regulatory alignment into programme workflows.
* Regulatory Change Feedback Loop: Identify points of friction between regulation and technical reality. Escalate roadblocks and support the Public Policy team in advocating for change where necessary.
* Requirements Management: Use internal tools and systems to define, track, and update compliance requirements. Ensure traceability from regulation to product delivery.
* OEM & Partner Engagement: Act as a technical liaison on regulatory matters during discussions with OEM partners and suppliers.

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Certification Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

**Essential**

* Experience with certification / homologation processes in Japan and at UNECE level. Ideally you also understand EU and FMVSS frameworks for US alignment.
* Demonstrated ability to interpret complex regulation and operationalise it into internal documentation and tracking.
* Excellent ability to compare product specifications to regulatory requirements
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills
* Proven ability to collaborate across disciplines and bring clarity to complex technical programmes.
* Structured, analytical, and detail-oriented: able to spot gaps and proactively drive resolution.

**Desirable**

* Experience of ADAS/AV regulations, especially L2/L3 systems and how they’re currently approved.
* Experience with systems and tools for tracking compliance requirements within engineering programs.
* Exposure to how AI/ML-based systems interact with traditional automotive standards or safety processes.

This is a full-time role based at our Tokyo/or Yokohama offices, however we will consider other locations based on individual cases. The role is also likely to require some international travel.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.  We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.  We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

#LI-KM1

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
