---
title: System Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '8567734002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8567734002
lastmod: '2026-06-05T21:06:34-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T12:53:56-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Hardware & Supply Chain
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

We’re looking for a System Integration Engineer to lead the integration and bring-up of cutting edge autonomous vehicle platforms. In this role, you'll work across hardware and software boundaries to prototype, assemble, and test complex systems both in-vehicle and on development benches. You will also support vehicle integration development and issue troubleshooting to improve the performance and reliability of our next-generation systems.

Key responsibilities:

* Integration and bring-up of autonomous systems on internal and partner vehicles
* Architect, prototype and evaluate new hardware systems
* Support fleet troubleshooting and issue resolution
* Inform and improve system integration processes and workflow
* Bring-up and maintain of development benches and HIL systems

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a System Integration Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

**Essential:**

* 7+ years experience integrating and developing complex systems
* Breadth of technical comprehension across electrical, mechanical, and software systems
* Proven hands-on experience debugging and assembling hardware/software systems
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills across engineering disciplines
* Multidisciplinary troubleshooting skills with a strong sense of ownership and initiative
* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent experience.

**Desirable:**

* Experience working on autonomous vehicles, robotics, or similar advanced systems
* Skilled in prototyping electronics, wire harnesses, and custom hardware components
* Comfortable working in Linux environments and with scripting tools
* Ability to read and understand code in languages such as C++, Python, or JavaScript

* Experience using application level software for testing, flashing, and triaging issues
* Working with suppliers and contract manufacturers for design validation and manufacturing

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $246,400 to $333,400, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
