---
title: Autonomy Systems & Release Engineer
status: active
id: '8567305002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8567305002
lastmod: '2026-05-27T15:22:44-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T15:22:44-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- AV Engineering
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

This is not your average Release Engineering role. You will be working hands on with the development teams to help deliver fast and traceable iterations on the product before forwarding releases for formal validation. Your broad knowledge of robotics and ML will aid you in identifying issues and guiding measurement techniques to get impactful insights across the stack. You will be the core decision maker before the formal validation and as such you must have strong leadership and communication skills with the ability to take product requirements and break them down into engineering deliverables.

Key responsibilities:

* As the key decision maker, you will lead a release group to ensure that the driving model baseline is delivered in a stable and predictable manner.
* You will constantly evolve the internal release process to meet product needs.
* You will work with feature teams to ensure they have a strong evaluation strategy that considers full aspects of the current system.
* You will identify areas where efficiencies can be made in the process and design solutions to continuously reduce the iteration cycle time.
* You will work closely with the product teams to ensure iterations are moving closer to the goal and ensure that metric development addresses these gaps.
* You will be expected to have hands-on experience with the product with the goal to turn your  knowledge and experience of robotic systems into data driven decisions.

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as an Autonomy Systems & Release Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* Demonstrated leadership and ownership in technically complex, cross-functional environments
* Strong communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to influence teams across engineering, product, and validation organisations
* Strong understanding of robotics, autonomous systems, and/or machine learning based products
* Systems-thinking mindset with the proven ability to investigate complex system level issues and evaluate feature impact beyond isolated component performance
* Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to make decisions under ambiguity and incomplete data
* Ability to design and assess evaluation strategies that provide meaningful, high-signal insights into system behaviour
* Hands-on technical mindset with the ability to work directly with product behaviour, data, and debugging workflows
* Experience using data-driven approaches to support technical decision-making and prioritisation

Desirable

* Experience translating product goals and requirements into clear engineering deliverables and measurable outcomes
* Experience with release management, integration workflows, or large-scale software deployment pipelines
* Familiarity with simulation, offline evaluation, and correlation of off-road testing to real-world performance
* Familiarity with modern ML development and evaluation workflows
* Experience prototyping tools, analyses, or lightweight evaluation frameworks to accelerate iteration speed
* Experience identifying process inefficiencies and driving automation or tooling improvements

This is a full-time role based in our office in London.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
