---
title: Demo Operator
status: active
id: '8568361002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8568361002
lastmod: '2026-05-28T09:55:55-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T09:55:55-04:00'
location: Japan
departments:
- Fleet Operations
offices:
- Yokohama, Japan
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## The role

In this role, you will be responsible for ensuring that our demo operations run smoothly by evaluating and improving the effectiveness of our demo sessions, operational procedures and delivery methods.   
  
Key responsibilities:

* Operate and supervise the vehicle safety during demos in real-time, ensuring safety and compliance at all times.
* Serve as the on-site point of contact for external guests and internal teams during demo operations.
* Prepare vehicles and equipment for demonstration runs.
* Provide clear explanations of system capabilities and performance to stakeholders.
* Log issues, anomalies, and observations to support engineering and development teams.
* Ensure adherence to safety protocols, including interventions when necessary.
* Maintain a professional and engaging demeanour as a brand ambassador.
* Plan and optimise demo routes, making real-time adjustments based on traffic, road conditions, or audience needs.
* Adapt demo content and delivery style based on the audience (e.g., partners, investors, media, technical teams).
* Respond flexibly to last-minute changes in plans, routes, or schedules.

## About you

### Essentials:

* Full clean Japanese driving licence.
* At least 8 years' driving experience - mainly in Japan.
* No blameworthy insurance claims in the past three years.
* You remain calm and controlled in a pressured environment.
* You take on board feedback and learn from your mistakes, employing a growth mindset to the way you develop yourself.
* You enjoy working with people, thriving in a team environment.
* You know how to manage your wellbeing including fatigue, stress and have personal, proven strategies to do this
* Proven experience as a demo operator or similar role.
* Strong leadership and communication skills in a 1:1 capacity, downwards to your team, and upwards and laterally with your other stakeholders.
* Ability to work under pressure and manage multiple priorities.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Deliver clear, structured explanations of system capabilities, limitations, and performance.
* Respond decisively to last-minute changes in plans, routes, schedules, or stakeholder expectations.
* Proficiency in Google Workspace or Microsoft Office suite.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.
* Excellent time management and organisational skills.
* Fluent in English and Japanese.

### Desirable:

* Prior experience in vehicle testing, AV environments, or technical demonstrations.
* Knowledge of AV technology or autonomous systems.
* Customer-facing or hospitality experience is a plus.
* T1 and T2 Bertha certification.

### Additional Requirements:

* This role is based onsite at our office in Tokyo and Yokohama  - Monday to Friday role during core working hours, though occasional weekend availability may be required for high-priority events, with lieu time provided.
* All applications are required to disclose any second job as part of the application process.
* All applications will be subject to a health check before/after.
* Employment is contingent upon passing training, pre-employment checks and ongoing drug/alcohol testing, in accordance with our policy. You will be tested for drugs and alcohol during your onsite interview.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
