---
title: Talent Partner Japan
status: active
id: '8574311002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8574311002
lastmod: '2026-06-30T03:03:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-02T20:50:24-04:00'
location: Japan
departments:
- People & Talent
offices:
- Tokyo, Japan
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

**About the Role**   
Wayve is pioneering Embodied AI for autonomous driving. As we build on the momentum of our recent $1.2B Series D funding ($2.5B raised to date) and continue to expand our Japan footprint, we are looking for a Recruiter to join our team in Tokyo.

In this hybrid role, you will be responsible for identifying, attracting, and hiring top-tier technical and strategic talent to support our rapid growth in Japan and beyond. You’ll collaborate closely with hiring managers and leadership to understand business needs and develop robust talent strategies.

This role will support a wide range of positions as we scale our global partnerships, including Fleet Operations, Field Engineering, Commercial roles etc. You will play a critical role in building the high-performing teams that drive our innovation and business impact forward.

### **Key Responsibilities**

* **Full-Cycle Recruitment:** Manage the end-to-end recruitment process, from sourcing and screening candidates to conducting interviews and extending offers, ensuring equitable hiring practices and diverse talent pipelines.
* **Japan Market Expansion:** Act as a pivotal member of our Japan talent team, helping to establish and grow our local footprint in the highly competitive Japan market.
* **Candidate Experience:** Champion a world-class, positive candidate experience by providing transparent, timely communication, constructive feedback, and a seamless interview process.
* **Stakeholder Collaboration:** Partner closely with hiring managers and Product & Strategy leaders to understand hiring needs, providing consultative guidance on market realities, attraction, and closing strategies.
* **Market Insights:** Keep a pulse on industry trends, compensation benchmarks, and the competitive deep-tech landscape to continuously inform and pivot recruitment strategies.
* **Employer Branding:** Contribute to the development and execution of localized employer branding initiatives to promote Wayve as a top-tier employer of choice for AI and autonomous driving talent.
* **Data-Driven Recruitment:** Utilize applicant tracking systems (ATS) and recruitment analytics to track metrics, identify bottlenecks, and optimize the hiring workflow.

### **About You**

To set you up for success as a Recruiter at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience:

* **Proven Experience:** 5+ years of demonstrated success in recruitment, ideally within deep tech, mobility, autonomous vehicles, and fast-paced, scaling startup environment.
* **Technical & Strategic Acumen:** A strong understanding of complex technical, product, and strategy-focused roles. You have a proven ability to gather requirements, assess specialized skills, and align hiring strategies with overarching business goals.
* **Bilingual Communication:** Strong written and verbal communication skills in both Japanese and English, with the ability to build trust with candidates, hiring managers, and senior stakeholders across local and global teams.
* **Organisational Excellence:** Meticulous attention to detail and strong time management skills, capable of juggling multiple high-priority roles and deadlines without dropping the ball.
* **Data Fluency:** Proficiency in leveraging data to tell a story, track progress, and report on recruitment metrics to leadership.
* **Collaborative Spirit:** A true team player who thrives in a highly collaborative environment and is eager to contribute to the overall success of the global Talent Acquisition team.
* **Exceptional Stakeholder Management:** Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to build lasting relationships with highly sought-after candidates and senior stakeholders.

### **What You Can Expect**

* **High-Impact Ownership:** You won't just be filling seats; you will be directly shaping the DNA of Wayve’s teams during a critical phase of global commercialization partnering closely with senior stakeholders to deliver on their hiring plans
* **Continuous Learning:** You will be immersed in the cutting-edge space of Embodied AI, working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry, which will continuously elevate your own technical and market knowledge.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
