---
title: Embedded Automotive Platforms Software Engineer
status: active
id: '8585251002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8585251002
lastmod: '2026-06-12T09:54:09-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T09:29:09-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Vehicle SW Engineering
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## The role

As a member of the Embedded Automotive Platforms team, you will contribute towards the creation of a software platform that interfaces with the automotive embedded hardware and Wayve Driving Model. This includes developing abstractions and APIs that enable Wayve’s software and robotics teams to deploy AV software efficiently.

Your role involves understanding the capabilities and nuances of various deployment platforms and creating abstractions that minimise the need for Onboard Applications to be customised for each target platform.

You will play a crucial role in advancing Wayve’s AV technology. Your contributions will drive the efficiency, maintainability, and scalability of the embedded systems that underpin our autonomous vehicles.

**Key responsibilities:**

* Design, develop, and maintain embedded software, SDKs, APIs, and hardware abstraction layers that enable autonomous driving capabilities to run consistently across automotive platforms.
* Integrate and adapt critical AV functions, including inference, navigation, control, localisation, and vehicle interfaces.
* Work across Linux and QNX-based systems while minimising platform-specific customisation.
* Debug, troubleshoot, and improve software and system performance, ensuring reliability, scalability, and operational excellence across production and development fleets.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams, hardware vendors, and automotive partners to define requirements and ensure seamless integration with the autonomous driving stack.
* Participate in architecture reviews, testing, code reviews, documentation, and automotive software quality processes to maintain high engineering standards.

## About you

In order to set you up for success as an Embedded Automotive Platforms Software Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical field
* Proven experience in embedded software development, with a strong preference for the automotive, autonomous driving, or robotics industries
* Proficiency in C++ programming language for high-performance systems
* Hands-on experience with embedded operating systems (e.g., Linux, QNX)
* Strong understanding of middleware architectures and IPC mechanisms
* Proficiency in profiling and tracing tools to diagnose bottlenecks and latency issues
* Familiarity with hardware abstraction layers (HAL) and device driver development
* Strong debugging skills and attention to detail in complex systems
* Excellent communication and teamwork skills
* Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment

Desirable

* Prior experience developing and deploying autonomous vehicle, robotics, or other safety-critical software on production systems
* Experience with NVIDIA Drive Orin, Qualcomm automotive platforms, or similar embedded computing platforms
* Experience with inference, localisation, control algorithms, navigation, odometry or vehicle interfaces will be a huge plus
* Knowledge of sensor technologies (e.g., LiDAR, RADAR, cameras)
* Experience developing platform SDKs, APIs, or software frameworks used by internal teams or external partners
* Understanding of safety-critical software development and automotive standards (e.g., ISO 26262, AUTOSAR, MISRA)

## 

This is a full-time role based in London. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home. We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
