---
title: Engineering Technician
status: active
id: '8600235002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8600235002
lastmod: '2026-06-23T15:44:11-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T15:44:11-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Hardware & Supply Chain
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

* Build, test, and maintain vehicles andHardware-in-the-Loop (HIL) setups with high-performance compute and sensor systems.
* Diagnose, repair, and rework hardware system failures on compute systems, embedded modules, wiring harnesses, sensors, and other hardware components.
* Collaborate with hardware and software engineering teams to execute one-off tests of hardware configurations and assist in troubleshooting issues.
* Maintain and manage workshop equipment, tools, and inventory, ensuring an organized and efficient workspace.
* Support prototype assembly and modifications, contributing to the continuous improvement of engineering designs.
* Document workshop procedures, test results, and system configurations to ensure reproducibility and consistency in testing.
* Support initial bring-up and commissioning of vehicles and contribute to overall system integration improvements
* Stay up to date with emerging technologies and best practices in hardware systems and contribute innovative solutions to workshop challenges. E.g 3D printing, Jira, AI tools

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Workshop Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

**Essential**

* Your tenacity to get the job done is off the charts. You get stuck in and when you see a problem you don’t stop until it’s done.
* Understanding the second and third order effects of decisions
* Actively built wiring harnesses, with an ability to read a wiring diagram
* Experience building complex systems in a fast-paced production environment.
* Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple tasksin a dynamic environment.
* Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities.
* Ability to work collaboratively with engineering teams and provide technical support when needed.
* Passion for learning, growing, and improving technical expertise in the autonomy field.

**Desirable**

* Hands-on experience building and maintaining autonomous vehicle hardware systems including vehicles, compute platforms, sensors (LiDAR, radar, cameras), and wiring harnesses.
* Prior experience flashing and commissioning systems
* Experience with change management and version control systems

This is a full-time role based in our office in London.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
