---
title: Trainer
status: active
id: '8601206002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8601206002
lastmod: '2026-06-25T11:40:24-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T14:52:06-04:00'
location: Tokyo
departments:
- Fleet Operations
offices:
- Tokyo, Japan
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## The role

If you're passionate about quality and continuous improvement, this role offers the opportunity to ensure the effectiveness of training programs, materials and delivery methods, while working closely with teams to uphold operating standards and support professional development.

**Key responsibilities:**

* Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of training programs and make recommendations for improvements.
* Maintain training records and ensure compliance with company policies and legal requirements.
* Conduct regular assessments of operating standards across teams and individuals to ensure they meet quality standards and objectives.
* Develop and maintain training materials, including manuals, presentations, and online resources.
* Collaborate with subject matter experts to identify areas for improvement in training content, delivery and operating standards.
* Monitor and analyse training metrics to identify trends and opportunities for improvement.
* Develop and oversee the implementation of quality assurance processes for training programs and operating standards.
* In conjunction with Team Leads, assist with staff professional development and course completion.
* Interact with cross-functional stakeholders to understand training requirements for future business needs e.g. growth of commercial operations.

## About you

In order to set you up for success as a Trainer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

**Essentials:**

* Full clean JP driving licence.
* At least 8 years' driving experience - mainly in Japan.
* No blameworthy insurance claims in the past three years.
* You remain calm and controlled in a pressured environment.
* You take on board feedback and learn from your mistakes, employing a growth mindset to the way you develop yourself.
* You enjoy working with people, thriving in a team environment.
* You know how to manage your wellbeing including fatigue, stress and have personal, proven strategies to do this
* Proven experience as a team coordinator or similar role.
* Strong leadership and communication skills in a 1:1 capacity, downwards to your team, and upwards and laterally with your other stakeholders
* Ability to work under pressure and manage multiple priorities.
* Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
* Proficiency in Google Workspace or Microsoft Office suite.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.
* Excellent time management and organisational skills.

### **Desirable:**

* A recognised Assessor qualification.
* A qualified Vehicle Safety Operator with a current qualification.
* A recognised Quality Assurance qualification.

### **Additional Requirements:**

* Available to work full-time on-site based out of our Tokyo office, 5 days a week.
* All applications are required to disclose any second job as part of the application process.
* All applications will be subject to a health check before/after.
* Employment is contingent upon passing training, pre-employment checks and ongoing drug/alcohol testing, in accordance with our policy. You will be tested for drugs and alcohol during your onsite interview.

#LI-KM2

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
