---
title: Principal Embedded Security Engineer
status: active
id: '8603451002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8603451002
lastmod: '2026-06-23T12:44:18-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T12:44:18-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale
departments:
- Vehicle SW Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale, California USA
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

The security of our software is paramount to the safety of our vehicles.  The onboard software for our various fleets of vehicles is critical to data gathering, model training, and demonstration of our self-driving technology. You will work with embedded software engineers to design, implement, review, and test the onboard software and connected services for our current and future platforms.

**Key responsibilities:**

* Design and develop real-time embedded firmware and embedded Linux software to implement security controls for the system
* Contribute to technical requirements, architecture, and interface design documents
* Partner with the wider Wayve Security team to identify and address security issues related to our vehicle fleet
* Partner with developers from throughout the organization to design and promote secure software architectures
* Build, deploy, and maintain security tools, libraries, controls, and instrumentation in Wayve’s codebases
* Perform code and design reviews to identify and help remediate security flaws

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as an Embedded Security Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

**Essential**

* Proven record of designing and delivering software security systems for internet-connected embedded devices
* Experience incorporating hardware-based security techniques (Hardware Security modules, TrustZone, Secure Boot, etc) into a robust hardware/software system design
* Sound knowledge of Cryptography fundamentals and Public Key Infrastructure
* Extensive experience creating, presenting, and refining clear, compelling technical specifications from top-level system architecture documents down to low-level implementation guides and test plans
* System-level (kernel/bootloader) software development experience
* Significant experience with at least Python, C++, C, or Go.
* Exceptional ability to communicate and collaborate with developers, non-engineering stakeholders, and leadership

**Desirable**

* Experience with QNX or similar realtime operating systems
* Experience designing, developing, and maintaining professional software
* Experience with Azure, GCP, containers, secrets management systems, cryptography, popular threat modeling systems, and other contemporary security topics
* Contributions to the security community (open source, published research, presentations, blog posts, etc.)
* Bachelor’s degree or above in CS, Engineering, Math, Physics, or similar

This role is a full-time role based in Sunnyvale, CA (hybrid) and the reasonably estimated salary for this role ranges from $295,500 to $375,100, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
