---
title: Staff Security Engineer
status: active
id: '8618293002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8618293002
lastmod: '2026-07-07T12:38:51-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T17:38:36-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- AI Platform
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

**Summary**  
Join Wayve as a **Staff Security Engineer**, responsible for advancing the security framework of our internal platform and IT security engineering group, SPINE. This pivotal role focuses on developing enforceable and continuously improving security systems, working collaboratively with the central Security team to ensure our security strategy is effectively implemented across our endpoint, identity, and internal platform estate.

**Responsibilities**

* Lead endpoint and identity security systems across SPINE, ensuring continuous improvement of controls.
* Deploy and manage security tooling, automation, and infrastructure-as-code solutions for scalability.
* Identify and remediate systemic security gaps, using data to drive improvements and track security KPIs.
* Collaborate with the Security team and other stakeholders to align security measures with compliance and policy requirements.
* Mentor engineers and provide technical leadership in security across the organization

**Required Skills**

* Proficiency in scripting and automation (Python, Bash, PowerShell).
* Experience with infrastructure-as-code and configuration-as-policy methodologies.
* Strong Linux systems experience and background in endpoint/device management.
* Familiarity with identity and access systems, and implementation of device and access controls.
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to influence technical decisions.
* Self-directed and proactive problem-solving capabilities, comfortable operating with broad scope and autonomy

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
