---
title: Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '8637714002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8637714002
lastmod: '2026-07-17T07:26:23-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T07:26:23-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Hardware & Supply Chain
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

As a **System Integration Engineer**, you’ll be at the centre of bringing Wayve’s AI driver to life, leading the integration of hardware and software across internal and partner vehicles. Working closely with Electrical, Mechanical, Systems and Software Engineers, you’ll architect and evaluate new hardware, own system bring-up, and troubleshoot complex multidisciplinary issues from prototype through deployment. You’ll shape integration processes, influence system architecture, and build the tooling and development infrastructure that enable the team to move quickly while maintaining reliability and engineering excellence.

Key responsibilities:

* Integration and bring-up of autonomous systems on internal and partner vehicles
* Architect, prototype and evaluate new hardware systems
* Support fleet troubleshooting and issue resolution
* Inform and improve system integration processes and workflow
* Bring-up and maintain of development benches and HIL systems

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a System Integration Engineer at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

**Essential**

* 7+ years experience integrating and developing complex systems
* Ability to understand a harness diagram, modifying it to meet new design requirements.
* Compute and sensing component selection based on system requirements
* Involved in the definition and execution of a full lifecycle for a physical/embodied product - encompassing electrical, mechanical, and software systems
* Experience in defining and iterating through HW architecture of an embedded/robotics system
* Experience working with supply chain on complex systems, engineering change control
* Working with suppliers and contract manufacturers for design validation and manufacturing
* Multidisciplinary troubleshooting skills with a strong sense of ownership and initiative
* Experience deploying and maintaining a SW product written C++, Python, Rust.
* Comfortable working in Linux environment, Git and with scripting tools
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills across engineering disciplines

**Desirable**

* Understanding trade-offs on decisions having downstream implications on both HW and SW
* Understanding detailed compute architectures (x86 vs ARM) and tradeoffs in the context of where the automotive market is heading
* Experience working on autonomous vehicles, robotics, or similar advanced systems
* Skilled in prototyping electronics at PCB board level, wire harnesses, and custom hardware components
* Experience developing application level software for testing, flashing, and triaging issues

* Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent experience.
* Experience in developing automated testing suites for early HW + SW bring-up

This is a full-time role based in our office in London.  At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
