---
title: Vehicle Safety Operator
status: active
id: '8638670002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8638670002
lastmod: '2026-07-17T15:47:02-04:00'
date: '2026-07-17T14:55:22-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Fleet Operations
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The role**

If you're passionate about cars and love driving, this role offers you an opportunity to shape the future of road safety. While developing new skills in artificial intelligence, you will provide real world feedback and play a vital role in the constantly developing driving field. As a Vehicle Safety Operator you will be responsible for running on road experiments and reporting back to our research and development teams.

Key responsibilities:

* Be a part of our world-class, diverse operations team to test our vehicles all over the UK.
* Monitor our artificial intelligence and respond to all hazards to guarantee safe testing at all times.
* Evaluate our artificial intelligence during tests, and provide expert feedback to our research teams and engineers.
* Provide real-world driving examples to train our artificial intelligence before you test on public roads.
* Support our safety and engineer teams by maintaining our high safety standards, and reporting safety and vehicle issues.

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Vehicle Safety Operator at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* Full clean UK manual driving licence.
* At least 8 years driving experience - mainly in the UK.
* No blameworthy insurance claims in the past three years.
* Strong communication skills and a clear ability to empathise with others.
* Happy to work alone and equally happy working within a team.
* Adaptable, flexible and passionate about solving problems with innovative solutions.
* Proficient in Microsoft Office suite, or equivalent (Google Suite)
* Basic Navigation: Understanding how to navigate the home screen, open and close apps, and switch between apps.
* Touchscreen Gestures: Familiarity with common touchscreen gestures like tap, swipe, pinch, and zoom.
* Typing and Text Editing: Using the on-screen keyboard for typing, selecting text, and using copy, paste, and other text-editing functions.
* Connecting to Wi-Fi and Managing Settings: Knowing how to connect to Wi-Fi networks and manage settings like brightness, volume, and Bluetooth.
* Using Basic Apps: Proficiency in using basic apps like Safari for web browsing, Mail for email, Photos for managing pictures, and Calendar for scheduling.
* Troubleshooting Basic Issues: Handling common problems like app crashes, restarting the device, or resetting network settings.
* All applications are required to disclose any second job as part of the application process.
* All applicants will be subject to a health check (before/after) the offer and should disclose any conditions that may affect their ability to safely operate.
* Employment is contingent upon passing pre-employment and ongoing drug and alcohol testing, in accordance with our Drugs & Alcohol policy. You will be tested during your onsite interview.

Desirable

* Prior experience in vehicle testing, AV environments, or technical demonstrations.
* You have an advanced driving background (ADI, Emergency Response Advanced Driver, or similar driving qualifications)
* You have extensive knowledge of London, and the Home Counties
* Customer-facing or hospitality experience is a plus.

**Shift Pattern - Rota issued 4 weeks in advance.**

**Monday to Sunday - 40 hours per week/weekend (must be able to work weekends)**  
  
**06:30-15:30**  
**14:30-23:30**  
  
**This role is a Fixed Term Contract (FTC) and is based onsite at our office in Kings Cross.**Please carefully consider your commute options to ensure that you are comfortable with the travel distance and can consistently arrive on time. For reference, our office does not have on-site parking and if your commute is more than 1.5 hours one way, it may not be practical for this role.

If you are passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.

#LI-KM1

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
