---
title: Feature Owner, ADAS
status: active
id: '8648406002'
source: greenhouse
url: https://wayve.firststage.co/jobs?gh_jid=8648406002
lastmod: '2026-07-24T03:35:26-04:00'
date: '2026-07-24T03:35:26-04:00'
location: Germany
departments:
- Product & Delivery
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

## **About us**

Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.  Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.

Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.  Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.    
  
In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.

At Wayve, your contributions matter.  We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.

Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!

## **The Role**

In this pivotal role as a Product Feature Owner, you will take end-to-end responsibility for specific ADAS functionalities, such as TFL, High Beam Assist, Blind Spot Monitoring, Rear Cross & Front Cross Traffic Alert, Pre-Safe, Door Open Warning, Perception for HMI. Your focus will be to ensure these features meet customer (OEM) requirements, align with internal capabilities and roadmaps, and are delivered to spec. You will collaborate closely with OEMs, product teams, and engineering teams to define feature scope, set performance targets, and ensure compliance with industry standards. Your dedication to aligning customer needs with our strategic vision will directly enhance our vehicles’ capabilities and user experience.

Key responsibilities:

* **Feature Oversight and Delivery**: Take full accountability for specific ADAS features, ensuring on-time delivery and alignment with agreed-upon specifications. Monitor the feature’s lifecycle from concept to production, addressing any deviations promptly.
* **Technical Collaboration and Hands-on Engagement**: Collaborate with feature group owners and engineering teams to create feature specifications. Engage actively with the teams throughout feature development, providing early feedback, participating in testing, and supporting validation processes.
* **Customer Advocacy and Alignment**: Deeply understand OEM customer needs and requirements, representing their interests internally without compromising Wayve’s objectives. Harmonise OEM requests across different customers to maximise the development of reusable assets and ensure scalability.
* **Cross-functional Communication and Coordination**: Serve as the central liaison between OEMs, product teams, and engineering teams for your feature(s). Facilitate streamlined communication and reduce misunderstandings. Participate in agile processes and rituals.
* **Risk Mitigation and Strategic Alignment**: Proactively identify and address potential issues before they escalate. Maintain and evolve the strategic feature roadmap as our technology progresses towards higher autonomy levels, ensuring alignment with both customer expectations and Wayve’s strategic objectives.

## **About you**

In order to set you up for success as a Product Feature Owner at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.

Essential

* **Experience with ADAS Feature Development**: Expertise in specifying and facilitating ADAS feature delivery from concept to production, such as TFL, High Beam Assist, Blind Spot Monitoring, Rear Cross & Front Cross Traffic Alert, Pre-Safe, Door Open Warning, Perception for HMI, etc.
* **Automotive Background**: Experience with automotive processes, including requirements management, V-model, ASPICE, quality, and validation.
* **Customer Advocacy and Communication Skills**: Strong ability to understand and represent OEM customer needs, negotiate requirements, and align expectations between customers and internal teams.
* **Technical Competence and Hands-on Approach**: Technical understanding of ADAS features, capable of engaging in discussions about trade-offs and feasibility, and actively involved in testing, evaluation, and validation processes.

Desirable

* **Experience Shipping ADAS Features into Production**: Demonstrated success in delivering complete ADAS features into large-scale production automotive programs.
* **Knowledge of Automotive Quality and Safety Standards**: Good understanding of automotive quality and safety standards (ASPICE, SOTIF, FuSa, …) as well as the compliance regime around them (GSR-II, DCAS, …)
* **Experience with machine learning**, LLMs and recent generative AI methods and architectures
* **Strong Collaboration Skills**: Ability to effectively bridge technical and business perspectives, ensuring clear communication and alignment across teams and stakeholders.
* **Innovative and Forward-thinking**: A proactive approach to exploring and developing new ADAS features, keeping Wayve at the forefront of technological advancement in the industry.

This is a full-time role based in our office in **Leonberg**. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.   We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.

Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know.

We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.  
  
At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition  (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

For more information visit [Careers at Wayve.](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

To learn more about what drives us, visit [Values at Wayve](https://wayve.ai/careers/)

For US candidates only, please visit [E-Verify Notice](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N46n3iN0AG8EPEO-hCanyyv7hzz8KgT_/view?usp=sharing) and [Participation and Right to Work](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/employment/RightToWork.pdf)

---

DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.
