---
title: Senior Product Manager - Software Platform
status: archived
id: '5823488004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5823488004?gh_jid=5823488004
lastmod: '2026-06-12T12:58:39-04:00'
date: '2026-03-11T10:25:20-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Product
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**JOB SUMMARY**

As a Senior Technical Product Manager - Software Platform, you will focus on driving the product vision, ensuring seamless execution across the complex hardware/software divide, and translating market demands into user oriented, executable product roadmaps.

**ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* Own and maintain the software platforms roadmap: scope, sequencing, and feature priorities.
* Drive technical definitions to focus on performance and fleet-wide observability.
* Support selection of data protocols and task prioritization methodologies on embedded systems.
* Define and prioritize use cases based on business impact, feasibility, and customer needs.
* Ensure that product development efforts align with real-world economic value for users.
* Synthesize insights from user research, customer meetings, usage data, and sales feedback into a strategy that delivers business objectives and customer benefits.
* Translate product strategy into actionable engineering requirements using PRDs, user stories, and visual workflows to ensure cross-functional alignment.
* Support product marketing initiatives, partner relationships, and other opportunities to accelerate the adoption of your products.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Demonstrated experience in embedded system software development.
* Subject matter expertise in high performance middleware enabling the processing and manipulation of sensor data.
* Analytical skills enabling performance tracking and data-driven decision-making.
* Experience managing messaging protocols supporting sensor fusion on embedded platforms.
* Experience with software running on real-time operations systems.
* Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, to translate technical insights into business impact.
* You make decisions in uncertainty, prioritizing velocity over perfection
* You prioritize user feedback, promoting that voice to internal teams.
* ##### NICE TO HAVE:

  + Experience with autonomous robots or autonomous vehicles.
  + Background in controls, sensor fusion, video analytics.
  + Background implementing or developing AI/ML on hardware.
  + Experience in working with customers in light and heavy duty industrial environments
  + Experience with functional safety on autonomous systems.

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* 7+ years of experience in product management, or engineering roles.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
