---
title: Sr. Industrial Designer
status: archived
id: '5977006004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5977006004?gh_jid=5977006004
lastmod: '2026-05-02T01:00:38-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T15:29:25-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Design
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

**Employer**: Apptronik, Inc.

**Job Title**: Sr. Industrial Designer

**Location**: 11701 Stonehollow Drive, Suite 150, Austin, TX 78758 (May work from home on a hybrid schedule within commuting distance of the Austin, TX office.)

**Duties:** Responsible for concept generation and ideation through 2D or 3D sketching, modeling and rendering. Develop concepts into refined CAD design data. Collaborate with engineering departments to iterate on and validate design concepts, offer creative solutions to complex problems and add refinement to tightly constrained structural components. Take a considered and strategic approach to design by working with departments across the organization to understand and develop product and user requirements. Create 3D printed prototypes of concepts for evaluation, critique and further development. Produce high-quality renders that aid in decision-making, as well as express vision to the team and wider business.

**Minimum Requirements:** Bachelor's degree (or foreign equivalent) in Industrial Design, Collaborative Design, Product Design, or a closely related field plus seven (7) years of experience in a related occupation performing each of the following: Conducting industrial design with a strong portfolio showcasing innovative and user-centric designs; Leading concept generation and ideation; Using CAD software including Fusion 360, Alias, or Solidworks; Utilizing 3D visualization tools including Keyshot, Blender, or Unreal Engine; and Applying knowledge of manufacturing processes, materials, and their implications on design.

**Alternative Requirements:** Master's degree (or foreign equivalent) in Industrial Design, Collaborative Design, Product Design, or a closely related field and five (5) years of experience in a related occupation performing each of the following: Conducting industrial design with a strong portfolio showcasing innovative and user-centric designs; Leading concept generation and ideation; Using CAD software including Fusion 360, Alias, or Solidworks; Utilizing 3D visualization tools including Keyshot, Blender, or Unreal Engine; and Applying knowledge of manufacturing processes, materials, and their implications on design.

To Apply: Please visit our careers page at <https://apptronik.com/careers>.

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
