---
title: Staff Electrical Engineer - Platform Communications
status: archived
id: '5995527004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/apptronik/jobs/5995527004?gh_jid=5995527004
lastmod: '2026-05-14T10:05:37-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T10:05:37-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Apptronik is a human-centered robotics company developing AI-powered robots to support humanity in every facet of life. Our flagship humanoid robot, Apollo, is built to collaborate thoughtfully with people, starting with critical industries such as manufacturing and logistics, with future applications in healthcare, the home, and beyond.  
  
We operate at the cutting edge of embodied AI, applying our expertise across the full robotics stack to solve some of society's most important problems. You will join a team dedicated to bringing Apollo to market at scale, tackling the complex challenges like safety, commercialization, and mass production to change the world for the better.

## **Job Summary**

We are seeking a Staff Electrical Engineer to own the communications hardware architecture for our next-generation humanoid robot platforms. This role requires specialized knowledge in high-speed digital design and the implementation of robust communication protocols such as EtherCAT, Ethernet, Single Pair Ethernet (SPE), and GMSL. You will own the entire lifecycle of critical communication PCBAs and components, ensuring high-bandwidth, low-latency, and reliable data transfer across dynamic robot joints and complex system environments.

### **ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES or KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES**

* **Communication Hardware Ownership:** Act as the technical authority for the robot's "nervous system." Design, simulate, and implement high-performance, multi-layer mixed-signal PCBAs focused on high-speed communication interfaces.
* **Protocol Mastery:** Own the selection, integration, and validation of components for EtherCAT, Ethernet/SPE, and GMSL, etc.
* **Signal Integrity & EMI/EMC:** Drive excellence in Signal Integrity (SI) and Power Integrity (PI) for multi-gigabit data links. Lead the debugging and mitigation of EMI/EMC issues specifically arising from routing high-speed signals through moving robotic joints and high-noise environments.
* **Electronics Owner from Concept to Production:** Design, simulate, implement, and test multi-layer mixed signal PCBAs. Rapid prototyping of electrical systems at both system and board levels. Generate design documentation such as schematics, block diagrams, test plans and procedures, fabrication and assembly drawings. Execute tests for verification, validation, and benchmarking.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:** Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including technical lead, project managers, software, mechanical, thermal, systems engineers, and manufacturing. Manage 3rd party relationships with vendors, contract manufacturers, and external design services. Act as a mentor within the electrical engineering team, guiding junior engineers on best practices for hardware design, documentation, and troubleshooting.
* **Technical Leadership:** Drive project execution with leadership, program management, and engineering peers. Define component roadmaps with product managers, systems engineers, and technical leads. Lead debugging and root cause analysis related to hardware and software defect resolution. Align technical implementation and execution with company goals. Drive consensus with stakeholders on critical design and compliance decisions.

**SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS**

* Proven experience designing hardware for EtherCAT, Ethernet, GMSL2/3, or FPD-Link.
* Deep understanding of high-speed digital design principles (impedance matching, differential signaling, stack-up design).
* Experience with product lifecycle management systems such as Arena
* Competent in CAD tools including Altium, or similar tools
* Experience with developing and maintaining CAD design rules
* Proven experience designing, prototyping, and debugging PCB/PCBAs as well as interfacing with manufacturing groups during release/build
* Experience with electronics lab tools and simulation tools (ex: LTSpice, PSpice)
* Excellent communication (verbal & written); will be expected to develop detailed build assembly instructions and diagrams
* Excellent problem-solving and hardware debugging skills
* Hands-on experience with prototyping and testing, including the use of lab equipment including high-bandwidth oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, TDRs).
* Travel up to 10% within US and internationally

**EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE**

* Bachelors, Masters, or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or related field
* At least 8 years of experience in Electrical Engineering with a focus on robotics, automotive, or high-speed consumer electronics.

**PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS**

* Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer
* Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times
* Vision to read printed materials and a computer screen
* Hearing and speech to communicate

\*This is a direct hire.  Please, no outside Agency solicitations.

Apptronik provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
