---
title: Consumer Music Marketing Lead
status: active
id: 043b8aa4-bf04-43ae-a634-4892795164e1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/043b8aa4-bf04-43ae-a634-4892795164e1
lastmod: '2026-01-27T21:17:17.138+00:00'
date: '2026-01-27T21:17:17.138+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Core Growth
- Growth
offices:
- Boston
- Dublin
- India
- Los Angeles
- New York
- San Francisco
- Tokyo
- Warsaw
- Washington, D.C.
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

Built on top of ElevenLabs’ cutting-edge music technology, Eleven Music empowers anyone to create, remix, and explore soundtracks from a single prompt. It’s the platform where artists, creators, and music lovers turn ideas into professional-quality songs, and release them to listeners worldwide.

We’re hiring a passionate **Growth Marketing** individual to drive increased user acquisition, activation, retention, and monetization for Eleven Music. You’ll play a key role in developing and scaling the product’s growth in markets globally, including user acquisition, paid marketing, SEO and ASO, lifecycle marketing (email/push), internationalization, and subscription campaigns. You will work cross-functionally with Growth, Engineering, and Partnerships teams to deliver growth outcomes. As a data-driven team, you’ll develop data analyses to better inform marketing strategies, understand users, and drive lasting growth.

## **Requirements**

We're looking for an exceptional individual who combines technical excellence with ethical awareness and high organizational skills, who are excited by hard problems and motivated by human impact. You’ll thrive on our team if you:

* Have experience building and scaling consumer products from the ground up.
* Are a highly motivated and driven individual with a strong work ethic.
* Are passionate about AI combined with consumer apps, audio, music, and media.
* Are analytical, efficient, and strive on solving complex challenges with a first principles mindset.
* Consistently strive for excellence, delivering high-quality work quickly and exceeding expectations.
* Take initiative and work autonomously from day one, prioritizing learning and contribution while leaving ego aside.

Bonus

* You have a background in scaling consumer apps

## **Requirements**

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in London, New York, San Francisco, and Warsaw.

#LI-Remote
