---
title: Dubbing Specialist (Freelance)
status: active
id: 1713bfd7-a63b-4dd4-b6e7-b0b8b8560a4a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/1713bfd7-a63b-4dd4-b6e7-b0b8b8560a4a
lastmod: '2025-07-01T13:39:48.703+00:00'
date: '2025-07-01T13:39:48.703+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Productions
offices:
- Brazil
- France
- Germany
- India
- Mexico
- Portugal
- Spain
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## **About the role**

We are looking for freelance **Dubbing Specialists** to join our fast-growing Productions team. Productions is a new marketplace that brings together our AI audio tools and a network of human experts to unlock high-quality, human-edited transcripts, subtitles, dubs, audiobooks, and more at scale for our users and customers. While Productions is just getting started, we already manage content workflows for some of the world's top YouTube channels, book publishers, and media & entertainment businesses.  
  
Here's what you can expect in our team:

* **Optimizing translations** for dubbed content
* **Producing natural sounding dubbed audio** using a combination of tools
* **Voice casting** to ensure content sounds natural in your language
* **Collaborating with our audio engineering** and mixing teams on edits
* **Competitive task-based compensation**
* **Flexible workload and scheduling -** claim and complete jobs directly on our platform

## Requirements:

* Native or near-native fluency in one or more supported languages
* Prior experience in dubbing and translating audiovisual content
* Strong attention to detail and commitment to linguistic accuracy
* Ability to work independently and deliver high-quality work on time

Bonus:

* Previous work with language service providers, localization teams, or media companies
* Experience using the ElevenLabs DubbingStudio and/or other AI-assisted dubbing tools

## Location

This role is remote and can be executed globally.

#LI-Remote
