---
title: Public Sector Partnerships - Europe Lead
status: active
id: 2c9dfcd0-0aa3-466a-8a5a-2b2351afbf81
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/2c9dfcd0-0aa3-466a-8a5a-2b2351afbf81
lastmod: '2026-07-16T02:27:14.330+00:00'
date: '2026-07-16T02:27:14.330+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Legal
- Operations
offices:
- Ireland
- United Kingdom
- Warsaw
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the role

We are seeking an experienced and dynamic leader to spearhead ElevenLabs’ public sector partnerships and government affairs efforts across Europe. The Public Sector Partnerships Lead will drive our regional public policy and public sector engagement strategies. The person will represent ElevenLabs in conversations with policymakers and other stakeholders, monitor and track regulatory developments that impact the company, help shape frameworks that promote innovation *and* the responsible use of AI, promote government adoption of ElevenLabs products and services, and help to define and implement policy campaigns and impact initiatives.

## **In this role, you will:**

* Lead ElevenLabs engagement with government bodies and officials across Europe, with a focus on AI governance, safety, copyright, privacy, transparency, data protection, competition, and/or digital rights.
* Build and maintain strong relationships with policymakers, regulators, industry associations, and civil society groups.
* Monitor, analyze, and advise on emerging regulations impacting the company.
* Represent ElevenLabs at conferences and industry events, advancing the company’s public policy goals.
* Support the development of internal policies by our Legal, Safety, Security, and other teams.
* Provide strategic counsel to company leadership on regional policy trends and their business implications.
* Promote government adoption of ElevenLabs products and services in partnership with the GTM team.
* Define and implement policy campaigns and impact initiatives that advance company objectives.

## **Who you are:**

* You’re genuinely interested in the future of AI and emerging technologies, bringing curiosity and enthusiasm to your role.
* You stay up-to-date on AI regulation and industry trends, and are eager to apply this expertise to cutting-edge products.
* You thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment, working cross-functionally with teams across the organization to support and scale a growing business.
* You’re comfortable working independently and handling ambiguity, excelling in situations where you must make informed decisions quickly.
* You bring a proactive, solution-oriented approach to each project, focused on moving the business forward.

## **What you bring:**

* 8+ years’ experience in public and private sector (in-house, firm) policy roles, with a focus on AI and tech.
* Strong knowledge of the regional AI policy landscape, including general AI governance, safety, copyright, privacy, transparency, data protection, competition, and digital rights.
* Demonstrated success in designing, advocating for, and influencing policy outcomes, as well as coalition building.
* Public policy experience across Europe.
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, including when briefing government officials and other policymakers.
* Fluency in English.

## Location

This role is located in Europe. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Warsaw or London.
