---
title: 'Enterprise Solutions Engineer - Brazil '
status: active
id: 3466ba20-f61f-4a51-a1ee-5a24a2217fa8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/3466ba20-f61f-4a51-a1ee-5a24a2217fa8
lastmod: '2026-04-16T14:16:33.601+00:00'
date: '2026-04-16T14:16:33.601+00:00'
location: Brazil
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Enterprise - Deployment
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the role

As a Solutions Engineer, you'll work as part of a driven team to unlock the full potential of our voice AI platform for a growing customer base. Your mission is to efficiently scale our technical solutions to many enterprise customers, both directly and by improving our internal processes and supporting our sales teams.

As a Solutions Engineer, you can expect to:

* Collaborate strategically with Account Executives to enhance the technical aspects of the sales process.
* Work directly with technical contacts from our customers and prospective customers to provide bespoke support and architect solutions.
* Craft compelling technical demonstrations that clearly communicate our product's value proposition.
* Create technical enablement resources that amplify our sales team's effectiveness and technical fluency.
* Build self-service tools and documentation that empower customers to implement solutions independently.
* Identify opportunities to productize common integration patterns or features, and work with our product teams to make these real!

## **Requirements**

We're looking for exceptional individuals who excel at working with customers on technical problems and excited to work with us to scale this efficiently. You'll thrive with us if you:

* Are passionate about AI, technology and ElevenLabs products.
* Enjoy working directly with customers, iterating on solutions and providing tailored support
* Have a talent for identifying patterns that can be standardized and scaled.
* Have strong empathy for customers, sales and product teams.
* Have a strong technical background in order to help customers architect integration between our solutions and their existing solutions
* Experience working with customers. It’s ok if you only worked with customers in student clubs or side projects, as long as you are interested in working closely with them on a technical capacity
* Proficiency in Python, inclusive of a deep understanding of software development, software architecture, and common integration patterns.
* Excellent communication skills with the ability to adapt messaging to different audiences.

## **Location**

This role is remote and located in Brazil.

#LI-Remote
