---
title: Forward Deployed Engineer - Software Engineer - Singapore
status: active
id: 36bdb528-004b-482c-8924-33b27b76121f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/36bdb528-004b-482c-8924-33b27b76121f
lastmod: '2026-05-27T20:54:02.664+00:00'
date: '2026-05-27T20:54:02.664+00:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Enterprise - Deployment
offices:
- Japan
- Taiwan
- Australia
---

## **About ElevenLabs**

ElevenLabs is a research and product company defining the frontier of Audio AI. Millions of individuals use ElevenLabs to read articles, voice over their videos, and reclaim voices lost from disability. And the leading developers and enterprises use ElevenLabs to create AI agents for support, sales, and education.

ElevenLabs launched in January 2023 with the first AI model to cross the threshold of human-like speech. In January 2025, we raised a $180 million Series C round, valuing ElevenLabs at $3.3 billion. The round was co-led by Andreessen Horowitz and ICONIQ Growth, with continued support from the leading names in tech, including Nat Friedman, Daniel Gross, Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger, Oculus VR co-founder Brendan Iribe, DeepMind and Inflection co-founder Mustafa Suleyman, and many others.

ElevenLabs is only 2 years old and scaling rapidly. We are just getting started. If you want to work hard and have an incredible impact, we would love to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location. We are remote first with optional in-person offices in London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.

## What we offer

* **Learning & development**: Annual discretionary stipend towards professional development.
* **Social travel**: Annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** We bring the entire company together at a new location every year.
* **Coworking**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly coworking stipend.

## **About the role**

You’ll use your creativity, problem-solving, and technical expertise to design tailored solutions that make a real impact.

Embedded with our most strategic customers, you’ll get a front-row seat to some of our highest-stakes projects. From brainstorming technical architectures and product features to building full-scale integrations, you’ll take full ownership of complex, high-impact challenges—helping clients achieve their goals and push the limits of what’s possible.

What you will do:

* Take full ownership of end-to-end execution of major projects for our most strategic partners, working hands-on to deliver high-impact solutions.
* Collaborate daily with our customer’s engineers and executives teams to ensure the best use of ElevenLabs’ technologies.
* Drive real innovation by using your coding and technical skills to solve complex problems, making a real difference for our customers.

## **Requirements**

* Experience working with customers. It’s ok if you only worked with customers in student clubs or side projects, as long as you are interested in working closely with them on a technical capacity
* Proficiency in Python and strong software development knowledge, inclusive of a deep understanding of software development, software architecture, and APIs integration.
* Excellent communication and problem-solving skills. Especially in terms of ability to summarize complex technical knowledge and using logic in pursuing optimal solutions.
* Multi-lingual: Mandarin/English

## **Location**

As we build out a team in the Singapore office, the successful candidate is preferred to be based within Singapore. We will also consider candidates based in Singapore who can travel frequently to meet with customers on-site in the region and collaborate in person with the Singapore team.
