---
title: Research Engineer
status: active
id: 3d650946-5ac2-4729-9ae4-129c43fcd0b5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/3d650946-5ac2-4729-9ae4-129c43fcd0b5
lastmod: '2024-12-16T16:36:47.785+00:00'
date: '2024-12-16T16:36:47.785+00:00'
location: Poland
departments:
- Research & Research Engineering
- Research Engineering
offices:
- Bulgaria
- Germany
- United Kingdom
- United States
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

We are looking for a Research Engineer to join the research team at ElevenLabs. You will thrive in the role if you enjoy doing the following:

* Creating and upholding a reliable and expandable data management system specialized for text-to-speech projects. This includes establishing guidelines for versioning and ensuring data quality.
* Establishing a streamlined process for autonomously training, assessing, and launching text-to-speech models. This encompasses implementing procedures for dynamic learning, as well as routines for fine-tuning and refreshing validation data.
* Investigating cutting-edge approaches and strategies in machine learning, deep learning, and algorithms pertaining to text-to-speech technology.

## **Requirements**

We do not require any formal certifications, or degrees. Instead, we are seeking enthusiastic software engineers who can showcase solving impressively hard problems with artifacts such as past projects, designs, or GitHub contributions. We do require:

* 3+ years industry experience as a Machine Learning Engineer, with a key emphasis on constructing data pipelines, as well as developing and implementing machine learning models.
* Demonstrating the capacity to autonomously evaluate novel concepts or enhance current machine learning projects, with the potential outcome of contributing to published works.
* Extensive background in conducting exploratory research to enhance the excellence of gathered data, particularly within the realm of audio and text-to-speech domains.

## **Location**

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Bangalore, Dublin, London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.

#LI-Remote
