---
title: Account Manager - APAC
status: active
id: 46b3cde4-709f-4d46-9817-5cf881bb35d5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/46b3cde4-709f-4d46-9817-5cf881bb35d5
lastmod: '2026-07-08T07:54:46.988+00:00'
date: '2026-07-08T07:54:46.988+00:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - North Asia & Singapore
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

We're looking for a self-starter, highly energetic Account Manager, who is passionate about voice technology. We don't just sell a product, we're building a community of highly engaged people that want to partner with us for the long term. We love working with our customers to support and guide them through their voice AI journey with a focus on ultimately driving long term value for them. Our Account Management team is at the forefront of this. In this role you will:

* Be part of an early Account Management team with endless opportunities for impact. You'll partner with the team to help develop a scalable account management playbook and framework that supports our customers in the APAC region.
* Build and maintain strong relationships with a book of commercial and enterprise clients in the APAC region — you'll specifically be managing customers across **Southeast Asia and North Asia**.
* Play a key role in driving long term adoption of multiple products.
* Monitor customer usage and adoption of our products to identify areas for improvement or revenue expansion.
* Own expansion and renewal of accounts within your book of business.
* Measure and improve customer satisfaction & experience.
* Own your account management KPIs (NRR/GRR) and track against the company goals.

**Requirements**

* 3-7 years of previous experience in Account Management or Customer Success in a fast paced, SaaS organization.
* A strong builder and customer excellence mindset.
* Commercial experience — you will own renewals and expansion for your book of business.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and maintain relationships with customers at all levels of an organization.
* Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills to address customer needs and concerns.
* A hybrid of customer & product-driven mentality that prioritises client satisfaction & scale.
* Fluency in English and Mandarin — Must possess professional-level fluency in Mandarin, with the ability to confidently communicate and engage with customers, negotiate contracts, and articulate complex ideas both verbally and in writing. Experience in a bilingual work environment is highly preferred.

#LI-Remote
