---
title: 'Full-Stack Growth Engineer '
status: active
id: 5881bc5d-765a-430e-9d28-7d598a0e1a03
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/5881bc5d-765a-430e-9d28-7d598a0e1a03
lastmod: '2023-12-04T11:27:42.548+00:00'
date: '2023-12-04T11:27:42.548+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Growth
offices:
- Poland
- United States
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

We are hiring for a Software Engineer on the growth team to focus on our self-serve customers (consumer, prosumer, and self-serve B2B) and product-led growth. You'll operate at the intersection of engineering, product, and marketing. The work will be a mix of novel channel creation and optimization on our channels already at scale. You'll operate across the full range of our metrics — including driving awareness, acquisition, retention, revenue, and referral.

While we already have 1+ million users and significant revenue, there is still an incredible amount of low-hanging fruit.

Specific responsibilities might include:

* Ideate and implement (both frontend and backend) full growth features and experiments to run that have a significant impact on user acquisition, e.g., by driving product virality
* Create in-product onboarding to drive activation
* Set up a pricing experimentation system and use it to iterate on pricing

## **Requirements**

We do not require any formal experience, certifications, or degrees. Instead, we are seeking enthusiastic software engineers who can showcase solving impressively hard problems with artifacts such as past projects, designs, or GitHub contributions.

We do require:

* Strong full-stack engineering skills (you can either be backend leaning, frontend leaning, or half-half)
* Strong product sense
* Interest in growth and the business side of things
* (Bonus) Experience launching or growing products
* (Bonus) Competence with analytics and experimentation tools
* (Bonus) Design skills

If you love Andrew Chen's blog and Lenny's Newsletter, but can also dive deep across the full stack, this will be a perfect fit. You might be a technical ex-founder or full-stack engineer looking for high autonomy and the opportunity to have a significant impact.

## **Location**

This role is remote, so it can be executed globally. However, to facilitate working with the engineering team we strongly prefer candidates on the East Coast (US) or in Europe (GMT-4 to GMT+3).

#LI-Remote
