---
title: Revenue Partnerships - Middle East
status: active
id: 5bdcbdda-3643-453d-9af5-0ea53da97d8d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/5bdcbdda-3643-453d-9af5-0ea53da97d8d
lastmod: '2026-01-30T13:47:41.642+00:00'
date: '2026-01-30T13:47:41.642+00:00'
location: 'UAE '
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Middle East
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

We’re looking for a highly motivated, self-starter first Revenue Partnerships hire based in the Middle East who is passionate about AI technology and how it is changing businesses. We don’t just sell a product or custom-level solutions; we are partnering with enterprises to help them generate new experiences and monetization opportunities at scale with our breakthrough voice technology and solutions. In this role you will:

* Actively seek out, identify, qualify, and build a sales pipeline through partnerships with Global/Regional System Integrators, Cloud Providers, Value-Added Resellers (VARs), consulting firms and Technology Partners.
* Collaborate with our Enterprise Sales team to close deals and consistently exceed monthly, quarterly, and yearly sales targets.
* Establish and nurture strong partnerships that drive business growth and create new opportunities.
* Serve as the primary point of contact for all partner-related initiatives within the Regional Sales team.
* Oversee partner relationships at the regional level while maintaining alignment with global strategies.

## **Requirements**

* At least 7 years of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced, competitive sales environment, focusing on new business development.
* A minimum of 3 years of experience managing sales pipelines and closing deals through partnerships with Global and Regional System Integrators, VARs, Cloud Partners,consulting firms and Technology Providers within a complex sales matrix.
* Proven ability to communicate the business value of advanced enterprise technology solutions.
* A history of consistently exceeding sales targets and achieving strong performance.
* Expertise in navigating complex sales cycles and developing business champions.
* Self Starter
* Analytical skills and proficiency with spreadsheets
* Proficiency in creating compelling presentations and demos
* Market Insight: Deep knowledge of the In SaaS/AI industry
* Proficiency in English

Bonus:

* Network in the relevant partner bases
* Proficiency in Arabic

#LI-remote
