---
title: Lead Generation Strategy and Operations
status: active
id: 65f83bd7-70da-4a31-a364-28fd0f361ea9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/65f83bd7-70da-4a31-a364-28fd0f361ea9
lastmod: '2026-05-28T15:34:07.470+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T15:34:07.470+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Finance
- Operations
offices:
- Brazil
- Poland
- 'UAE '
- United Kingdom
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

**About the role**

We’re looking for someone to join our team in Lead Generation Strategy & Operations and play a key role in scaling our go-to-market operations. This role is at the intersection of technical problem-solving and operational excellence, focusing on building and maintaining tools, automations, and dashboards that empower our sales, data, and product teams to execute with precision.

As part of the Revenue Operations team, you'll collaborate across functions to design and implement systems that streamline sales processes, enhance decision-making, and drive growth. The GTM Strategy and Operations team operates as strategic advisors to key cross-functional partners, podded by functional area (pre- vs. post-sale) to drive revenue acceleration, insights, and business growth. This is an exciting opportunity to bring technical and analytical expertise to a fast-paced, impactful environment.

In this role, you will be responsible for:

* **E2E Process Management -** Build and maintain strategic automations and standardized processes that support cross-functional teams and promote consistency and adoption.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration -** Collaborate with cross-functional teams (Marketing, Events, Partner) to drive initiatives that enhance revenue generation and operational effectiveness.
* **Leadership Partnership -** Serve as a trusted partner to leadership, providing strategic insights, actionable recommendations, and performance reporting.
* **Experimentation -** Develop and test new ideas, workflows, and sources that improve critical levers within each functional area.
* **Data-Driven Strategy -** Oversee analytics and performance analyses across pre-sales functions. Identify areas of opportunity and acceleration; build dashboards and insights that inform experimentation and guide lever improvement.
* **Reporting & Analytics -** Lead the design and management of dashboards, reports, and key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure and enhance team performance.

**Who you are**

We're looking for exceptional individuals who combine technical excellence with ethical awareness, who are excited by hard problems and motivated by human impact. You’ll strive with us if you:

* Are **passionate about audio AI** driven by a desire to make content universally accessible and breaking the frontiers of new tech.
* Are a **highly motivated and driven individual** with a strong work ethic. Our team is aware of this critical moment of audio AI evolution and is committed to going the extra mile to lead.
* Are **analytical, efficient, and strive on solving complex challenges** with a first principles mindset.
* Consistently **strive for excellence**, delivering high-quality work quickly and exceeding expectations.
* **Take initiative and work autonomously** from day one, prioritizing learning and contribution while leaving ego aside.

**What you bring**

* **4+ years of Revenue Operations** at high-growth technology companies
* Proven track record of developing and implementing end-to-end solutions, from data collection and analysis to execution.
* Can break complex problems into smaller, actionable solution steps
* Strong analytical skills, with proven expertise in SQL and data visualization using BI tools (e.g. Sigma)
* Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Highly adaptable, with a proactive approach to problem-solving and process improvement.
* Strong coachability and willingness to learn and adapt to new challenges.

**What we offer**

* **High-velocity innovation:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **A truly global team:** Collaboration with teammates across 30+ countries, a global customer footprint and office hubs in New York, London and Warsaw. Annual company offsite for the whole team to get together (the last one in Italy!)
* **Remote first:** We prioritize your talent, not your location, with structured asynchronous workflows for maximum impact and minimal meetings.
* **Continuous growth**: Collaborate with AI leaders, shape your path, and contribute where you excel most.

## **Location**

This role is remote, so it can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in New York, London and Warsaw.
