---
title: Full-Stack Engineer
status: active
id: 6a530871-b6c6-4783-ac6b-69cc3b084192
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/6a530871-b6c6-4783-ac6b-69cc3b084192
lastmod: '2024-09-06T13:39:52.200+00:00'
date: '2024-09-06T13:39:52.200+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Engineering & Product
offices:
- Amsterdam
- Boston
- Bulgaria
- Dublin
- Germany
- New York
- Poland
- Sofia
- Spain
- United States
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

We are looking for Full-Stack engineers to develop and maintain both front-end and back-end components of our product suite.

**Your general responsibilities will include:**

* Building and maintaining our products and platform on top of our cutting-edge voice models, which will be used by millions of users.
* High degrees of ownership. You will be responsible for shipping end-to-end features across the front and back ends of our stack, as well as helping set the direction of the features and products you're working on.
* Collaborating closely with others on the Engineering, Growth and Sales teams to understand, and design solutions for, our customer and internal team’s most important problems and workflows.

We believe in pairing engineers with work that matches their strengths and interests. This means that there is significant flexibility in staffing engineers across the company.

**Specific responsibilities might include:**

* Scoping and building brand new proof of concept products, sometimes directly with partner customers, that could later be scaled to capture entirely new markets.
* Improving our existing products to ensure that they’re intuitive, powerful and make innovative use of our research team’s latest break-throughs. This could involve making sweeping UX changes, adding significant functionality, or building integrations with other common consumer/enterprise solutions.
* Maintaining and strengthening our internal infrastructure as we scale and grow to ensure that our products remain live, performant and secure.
* Working to collect, manage, and process massive-scale datasets to lay the groundwork for the next generation of voice models at the forefront of generative AI.

## **Requirements**

We do not require any formal experience, certifications, or degrees. Instead, we are seeking enthusiastic software engineers who can showcase solving impressively hard problems with artifacts such as past projects, designs, or GitHub contributions.

We do require:

* Expertise in Python
* Experience with Web Development using Typescript/React
* Familiarity with common software and system design patterns and infrastructure including APIs, cloud infrastructure tools, storage solutions, data structures etc.
* Bonus: Test design and security awareness

## **Location**

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Bangalore, Dublin, London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.

#LI-Remote
