---
title: B2B Growth Marketing - Agents
status: active
id: 78f45556-04cc-4f08-abb2-18e639ed9343
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/78f45556-04cc-4f08-abb2-18e639ed9343
lastmod: '2026-01-27T17:11:10.661+00:00'
date: '2026-01-27T17:11:10.661+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Growth
- Agents Growth
offices:
- United States
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the role

We are looking for someone to focus on self-serve growth of ElevenAgents. Tens of thousands of startups, enterprises, indie-developers, and SMBs are already building agents with ElevenLabs and yet we’re still so early. If you’re successful, everyone that is looking to build conversational agents will choose ElevenLabs.

You’ll play a key role in developing and scaling our primary growth channels, including paid digital campaigns, influencer partnerships, SEO, joining and hosting in-person events, and running viral launches. As a data-driven team, you’ll develop data analyses to better understand our acquisition channels and our users.

## Requirements

* Technically fluent - able to understand our APIs, Agents platform deeply and translate it into value props for small business users
* Highly creative and experimentation-driven, with extensive experience running and optimizing data-driven growth marketing campaigns
* Familiarity with growth channels such as SEO, performance marketing, influencer marketing, and organic social
* Self-starter with strong ownership, autonomy, and a bias toward action and automation
* Demonstrated initiative and accountability for outcomes and systems
* Relentless commitment to excellence - holds a high bar for quality, clarity, and impact
* Bonus:

  + Founder or early-stage experience - has built and scaled something from scratch

## Location

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Bangalore, Dublin, London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.
