---
title: Enterprise Solutions Engineer - Singapore
status: active
id: 85b7489f-5b0c-4f21-9c1c-7b76ed904c44
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/85b7489f-5b0c-4f21-9c1c-7b76ed904c44
lastmod: '2026-05-04T21:59:53.629+00:00'
date: '2026-05-04T21:59:53.629+00:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Enterprise - Deployment
offices:
- Taiwan
- Australia
- Japan
---

## About the role

As a Solutions Engineer, you'll work as part of a driven team to unlock the full potential of our voice AI platform for a growing customer base. Your mission is to efficiently scale our technical solutions to many enterprise customers, both directly and by improving our internal processes and supporting our sales teams.

As a Solutions Engineer, you can expect to:

* Collaborate strategically with Account Executives to enhance the technical aspects of the sales process.
* Work directly with technical contacts from our customers and prospective customers to provide bespoke support and architect solutions.
* Craft compelling technical demonstrations that clearly communicate our product's value proposition.
* Create technical enablement resources that amplify our sales team's effectiveness and technical fluency.
* Build self-service tools and documentation that empower customers to implement solutions independently.
* Identify opportunities to productise common integration patterns or features, and work with our product teams to make these real!

## **Requirements**

We're looking for exceptional individuals who excel at working with customers on technical problems and excited to work with us to scale this efficiently. You'll thrive with us if you:

* Are passionate about AI, technology and ElevenLabs products.
* Enjoy working directly with customers, iterating on solutions and providing tailored support
* Have a talent for identifying patterns that can be standardised and scaled.
* Have strong empathy for customers, sales and product teams.
* Have a strong technical background in order to help customers architect integration between our solutions and their existing solutions
* Experience working with customers. It’s ok if you only worked with customers in student clubs or side projects, as long as you are interested in working closely with them on a technical capacity
* Proficiency in Python, inclusive of a deep understanding of software development, software architecture, and common integration patterns.
* Excellent communication skills with the ability to adapt messaging to different audiences.
* Multi-lingual: Mandarin/English

## **Location**

As we build out a team in the Singapore office, the successful candidate is preferred to be based within Singapore. We will also consider candidates based in Singapore who can travel frequently to meet with customers on-site and collaborate in person with the Singapore team.
