---
title: Customer Success - Strategic - Western Europe
status: active
id: 8998a48c-6bc4-42fc-b4b5-e779d810f930
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/8998a48c-6bc4-42fc-b4b5-e779d810f930
lastmod: '2026-03-23T16:32:49.952+00:00'
date: '2026-03-23T16:32:49.952+00:00'
location: France
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Europe
offices:
- Germany
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the role

* Drive strategic account management: Build and manage high-impact relationships across a book of 20-30 enterprise and strategic clients, ensuring alignment between customer objectives and product strategy.
* Accelerate customer value: Lead onboarding and long-term adoption initiatives across multiple products, ensuring customers achieve meaningful and measurable outcomes.
* Drive multi-product adoption: Analyze customer usage and engagement across our product suite to identify opportunities for increasing adoption, deepening integration, and maximizing customer value across our customers business
* Own commercial outcomes: Manage renewals and expansions across your portfolio, owning key metrics such as Net Revenue Retention (NRR), Gross Revenue Retention (GRR), and new product expansion while also contributing to overall company growth targets.
* Shape the CS organization: Partner with CS Leadership and cross-functionally with Engineering, Sales, and other cross functional teams to refine processes, develop scalable solutions, and define best practices that enhance the customer experience.
* Champion customer success excellence: Act as the voice of the customer internally, influencing roadmap priorities and ensuring long-term partnership success.

## Requirements

* 7-10 years of experience in Customer Success, Account Management, or Strategic Partnerships within a fast-paced SaaS environment.
* Proven success demonstrating and delivering value for customers leveraging technical or mission-critical products (ideally in AI or related technologies).
* Deep experience operating with strategic accounts in the DACH market - you understand the ecosystem, challenges and nuances of of this market and can guide the rest of the GTM team on these
* Strong commercial acumen with a track record of owning and exceeding renewal and expansion goals.
* A builder mindset with a focus on scalable systems, operational excellence, and continuous improvement.
* Exceptional communication and relationship management skills, with the ability to influence stakeholders at all levels of complex organizations.
* Analytical and creative problem-solving abilities, adept at turning insights into strategic opportunities.
* Fluency in English and German is essential additional languages are an asset.
