---
title: Product Designer
status: active
id: 89da00ec-11b0-4359-913b-c3a89c1013bc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/89da00ec-11b0-4359-913b-c3a89c1013bc
lastmod: '2025-10-06T10:37:28.625+00:00'
date: '2025-10-06T10:37:28.625+00:00'
location: London
departments:
- Design
- Engineering & Product
offices:
- New York
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

The Design team at ElevenLabs is crafting experiences for the next generation of audio workflows using generative AI. You’ll work in entirely new and unexplored problem spaces, like crafting experiences around voice cloning that will allow people to generate content in realistic voices, languages, and accents, to create universally accessible content, safely. You’ll reimagine how creative teams craft sounds just by describing them, and how they bring it all together in one AI-first generative audio platform. The work here has the potential to revolutionize workflows for creators to media and entertainment, publishing giants, to defining entirely new spaces like conversational AI companies.

You will work with our Engineering and AI Research teams to successfully communicate, evolve, and execute a strong product design standard that showcases ElevenLabs as an innovator in the generative AI audio space. You are a crucial component of our company’s growth and product launches through your contributions to short and long-term strategic direction, creating and maintaining high visual standards and a strong focus on user needs. You have an owner’s mentality, taking pride in your work and in your team’s work, and view what you do as a part-owner and builder of ElevenLabs.

You'll work closely with [Nev Flynn](https://nevflynn.com/),  [Austin Malerba](https://x.com/austin_malerba?lang=en), and collaborate closely with our frontend engineers to achieve outcomes.

If you love the intersection of design and engineering, as well as having an interest in the business side this could be a great fit. You might be a designer turned engineer, an engineer turned designer, or an ex-founder.

## **What you bring**

We do not require any formal experience, certifications, or degrees. Instead, we are seeking enthusiastic product designers who can showcase solving impressively hard problems with artifacts such as past projects and designs. Even directly sharing a rough figma of your work is a great way to show us your craft! We do require:

* Creative thinking toward establishing and executing on the vision for team initiatives. Challenge the status quo, push innovation and inspire people toward a unified outcome.
* Efficiently execute to ship products that deliver impact for our business and customers.
* Partner with the leadership team to successfully communicate concisely across the team and influence product and design outcomes.
* Will work across the entire business stack and make an impact at different stages of the product: building vision & strategy, ensuring all the loose ends are tied up when executing, and making sure the operational components to support onboarding are in place, not just the product
* It is preferred that you can get in the weeds with your engineering partners and make sense of technical constraints, while still pushing forward and maintaining a high design bar and level of execution
* Work closely with stakeholders across the organization, partnering with Engineering, Customer Support, and Growth to define new products and features and launch them

## **Location**

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Bangalore, Dublin, London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.

#LI-remote
