---
title: 'Customer Success Lead - APAC '
status: active
id: 8bd5d5a6-f9b0-48fc-a016-4404e06a0d8a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/8bd5d5a6-f9b0-48fc-a016-4404e06a0d8a
lastmod: '2026-04-16T11:10:55.183+00:00'
date: '2026-04-16T11:10:55.183+00:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - International
offices:
- Australia
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

As the Customer Success Lead you’ll lead a team of experienced Customer Success team members across APAC (ANZ, Japan, Korea, South + North Asia). You’ll balance people leadership, strategic direction, and hands-on customer impact - driving excellence in post-sales outcomes and ensuring your team consistently delivers measurable value to customers and the business.

**You will:**

* Lead, coach, and develop a high-performing CS team, owning team and regional NRR performance, customer retention, and expansion goals.
* Act as a player-coach: directly manage priority accounts, join key customer conversations, and model best-in-class success practices.
* Lead by example in complex post-sales and renewal cycles, unblocking issues, driving adoption, and identifying expansion opportunities.
* Set strategic direction for the team, aligning customer success initiatives with company goals and market trends.
* Monitor and optimize delivery quality across all accounts, ensuring consistency, excellence, and predictability in customer outcomes, implementing scalable processes that improve accuracy, visibility, and operational efficiency.
* Design and implement repeatable playbooks for renewals, upsells, and adoption; automate workflows and tools to scale team impact.
* Own the ongoing development and optimization of best practices for Enterprise, Commercial and Scale playbooks, ensuring consistent execution, measurable impact, and continuous refinement as the business evolves.
* Build and maintain executive-level relationships across priority accounts, serving as a strategic advisor and customer advocate in internal and external forums.
* Represent the voice of the customer in leadership discussions, influencing roadmap, operations, and revenue strategies.
* Partner with APAC GTM & cross functional leadership to align organizational objectives, drive cross-functional initiatives, and ensure cohesive execution across customer success, sales, and operations teams.

**Requirements**

* 10+ years of experience in Customer Success or post-sales roles within SaaS, ideally some of this with accounts in APAC regions
* Deep understanding and experience successfully managing customer relationships within the APAC region
* Demonstrated technical acumen with the ability to upskill and enable the team - fostering confidence in navigating product capabilities, integrations, and data insights to strengthen customer outcomes.
* 8+ years of direct people leadership experience - managing CSMs, driving team quota, and developing talent through coaching and enablement. Passion for developing people and building a high-performance, feedback-driven culture grounded in accountability, learning, and customer impact.
* Strong player-coach mindset: comfortable managing key accounts directly while leading others to excel in their own portfolios.
* Demonstrated success in exceeding renewal, expansion, and NRR goals through effective customer engagement and strategic account management.
* Expertise in CS methodologies and best practices (e.g. success planning, adoption frameworks, ROI storytelling, executive alignment).
* Strong analytical and operational skills: adept at using data to identify performance trends, optimise workflows, and forecast outcomes.
* Strong builder mindset - you thrive in building from scratch, redefining processes and playbooks, and operating with an AI-first mindset
* Language requirements: Must be fluent in English. Second language (Mandarin or Japanese) a plus
* Bonus: Hands-on with GTM tools (Salesforce, Gong, Sigma, Clay) and excited about building with AI Native tools like Claude, Lovable and n8n

## 

Location: This role is remote-first within Singapore or Australia.

#LI-Remote
