---
title: Sales Development Lead - US
status: active
id: a605e308-0d28-42b6-8cbb-03cc7799cecc
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/a605e308-0d28-42b6-8cbb-03cc7799cecc
lastmod: '2026-07-20T15:24:06.467+00:00'
date: '2026-07-20T15:24:06.467+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - US
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

We’re looking for a **Sales Development Lead** to drive our growing SDR team to the next stage of maturity as an organization. You’ll be stepping into an exciting phase: we already have a strong foundation SDRs in place, new starters joining, and more hires planned as we continue to grow.

This role is pivotal in shaping how we generate pipeline, break into new markets, and drive top-of-funnel excellence at ElevenLabs. You’ll bring creative and proactive outbound strategies, strategy to a high-velocity team, while working closely with Account Executives and sales leadership to fuel our ambitious growth targets. We are particularly interested in finding builders who can leverage the power of AI and automation to redefine the SDR role as it exists today.

If you're a player-coach who thrives in fast-paced environments, loves building and developing talent, and gets energy from seeing your team win - we’d love to hear from you.

**In this role you will:**

* Lead a team of SDRs with plans for continued headcount growth
* Foster go-to-market experimentation as we expand across customer segments and global markets
* Inspire a team culture of curiosity, accountability, and continuous improvement
* Use data and tooling to continuously optimize strategy and supersede impact metrics
* Establish and refine scalable processes for outbound prospecting, qualification, and AE handoff
* Build onboarding, enablement, and coaching frameworks that set your team up for long-term success
* Partner with Account Executives and sales leadership to align on pipeline targets and performance metrics

## 

## **Requirements**

* 4+ years of experience in sales or business development, with at least 1–2 years in a management or team lead capacity
* Proven excellence and deal closing experience
* Relevant and recent experience in outbound prospecting, especially to technical and enterprise personas
* Deep AI fluency and builder experience
* Experience managing high-performing SDR or BDR teams in fast-growing tech environments
* Skilled in sales metrics, CRM/reporting tools, and modern outreach techniques
* Excellent coaching and communication skills — you're energized by developing others
* Comfortable with ambiguity and pace — you thrive in high-growth, rapidly changing environments

Bonus:

* Experience in early-stage or Series A–C startup environments
* Exposure to voice tech, AI, developer tools, or creative platforms
* Worked with globally distributed teams

This role is remote-first and can be executed from anywhere in the United States. The ability to operate in ET, CT, MT, or PT timezones is required. There is a preference for candidates based in San Francisco.

#LI-Remote
