---
title: Deployment Strategist Lead - Belgium
status: active
id: aadb1c7a-c88d-4aa4-8900-a18f5e4934bf
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/aadb1c7a-c88d-4aa4-8900-a18f5e4934bf
lastmod: '2026-05-01T22:07:25.644+00:00'
date: '2026-05-01T22:07:25.644+00:00'
location: Belgium
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Enterprise - Deployment
offices:
- United Kingdom
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the role

As a Deployment Strategist Lead, you'll be fully responsible for opening up a new market for ElevenLabs, and building a team to make it happen. This is a senior position in which you’ll operate as if a co-founder, working alongside an experienced sales leader, of an effective startup moving from 0 -> 1 within our broader org, aiming to deploy our voice AI technology at the most Strategic customers in the market against their most challenging problems. All the while you’ll be able to leverage support from the rest of ElevenLabs to accelerate.  
  
You will be responsible for hiring the team you need, winning the first customers in the market and ensuring that our product generates impact for them.

No two days are the same, but you should expect to:

* Meet with strategic customers to understand their critical audio and voice AI needs and locate their biggest pain points.
* Build and lead a team of forward deployed engineers within the region.
* Identify relevant use cases through deep engagement with customer problems and workflows, and work with Engineers to implement our voice and audio AI technology into innovative solutions.
* Design and architect bespoke integrations for customers, ensuring our technology fits seamlessly into their products and operations.
* Guide customers on best practices for implementing our voice and audio AI models to maximize their effectiveness.
* Present the results of our work and proposals for future work to audiences ranging from technical teams to C-suite executives.
* Collaborate with our Research and Product teams to incorporate field insights into ElevenLabs' software products and AI models.
* Build and deliver compelling demos of our voice and audio AI technology to new and existing customers.
* Scope out potential applications in new industries and expand our AI solutions across different sectors globally.
* Take full ownership of end-to-end execution of major projects for our most strategic partners, working hands-on to deliver high-impact solutions.
* Collaborate daily with our customers' engineering and executive teams to ensure optimal implementation of ElevenLabs' technologies.

## Requirements

* Executive Stakeholder Engagement: Proven experience engaging and influencing C-suite and VP-level stakeholders, both internally and at customer or partner organizations.
* People Leadership: Demonstrated ability to hire, develop, and manage high-performing technical teams while fostering a collaborative and results-driven culture.
* Basic proficiency in Python and understanding of API integration to implement scripts and help with prototyping/demo building.
* Excellent communication and problem-solving skills, especially in terms of ability to summarize complex technical concepts and using logic in pursuing optimal solutions.
* Technical aptitude to quickly understand our voice and audio AI models and their applications.
* Strategic and Commercial Awareness: Ability to align technical strategy with business objectives, with an understanding of deal structures, go-to-market motions, and revenue impact.
* Nice to have: Partner Ecosystem Development - Experience identifying, building, and nurturing relationships with system integrators, resellers, and technology partners to drive market growth.

## Location

As we build out a Belgian team, this candidate must be willing to travel to Belgium 3x per week.

#LI-Remote
