---
title: Sales Development - UK/I
status: active
id: ab51c926-63fe-43ff-b7f1-7859e6032b12
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/ab51c926-63fe-43ff-b7f1-7859e6032b12
lastmod: '2026-04-02T10:42:13.388+00:00'
date: '2026-04-02T10:42:13.388+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Europe
offices:
- London
- Dublin
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

Our Sales Development team play a crucial role in building an effective outbound sales strategy, whilst working closely with the Account Executives.

We don’t just sell a product or custom-level solutions; we are partnering with enterprises to help them generate new experiences and monetisation opportunities at scale with our breakthrough voice technology.  
  
In this role you will:

* Conduct research to identify potential leads and prospects within the target market
* Engage in outbound activities such as cold calling, emailing, and social media outreach to initiate contact with potential customers
* Implement personalized and effective outreach campaigns to maximize lead conversion.
* Collaborate closely with the Account Executive to exchange insights on prospect feedback, objections, and market trends
* Continuously refine and adjust outreach strategies based on the feedback loop
* Monitor and report key performance indicators (KPIs) related to outbound sales activities, including conversion rates, lead quality, and outreach effectiveness
* Collaborate with the sales leadership to analyze data and optimize strategies for better results

## **Requirements**

* 2–3+ years of outbound B2B sales experience, with a strong track record of securing net-new business meetings
* Proven ability to build and qualify opportunity-sized lead lists in new markets and verticals
* Fluency with modern prospecting tools and multi-channel outreach strategies
* Experience building and scaling outbound processes in fast-paced environments
* Intellectually curious, asking thoughtful questions and developing insights-driven approaches to outreach
* Highly self-motivated, able to work independently while thriving in a collaborative team culture
* Strong prioritization and time management skills, with the ability to handle a high volume of leads efficiently
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
* Fluency in additional European languages is desirable but not essential
