---
title: Talent Operations
status: active
id: abc4a773-7529-497d-90e0-ff60dbf7b14e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/abc4a773-7529-497d-90e0-ff60dbf7b14e
lastmod: '2026-05-26T13:41:26.814+00:00'
date: '2026-05-26T13:41:26.814+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Operations
- Talent
offices:
- New York
- San Francisco
- Canada
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

As a key member of the Talent team at ElevenLabs, you'll play a vital part in our hiring strategy and execution. This is a unique opportunity to build and power the engine of ElevenLabs through hyperscaling headcount, while ensuring our tooling and processes are efficient and scalable. You will be a key strategic partner in implementing tooling, managing cross-functional stakeholders, building metrics and dashboards, and creative problem solving to unblock hiring and hiring managers in their day to day operations. You’ll collaborate with the team to optimize workflows, analyze team progress towards KPIs, and identify and execute work towards scalable growth.

This is a high autonomy, high impact, and high growth role. You'll partner closely with recruiters and hiring managers to deliver a world-class candidate and stakeholder experience. Specifically, you will:

* Become an expert in the workflows of recruiting: interview scheduling, coordination, stakeholder management, etc, and be responsible for taking them to the next level.
* Design, implement and launch key, strategic Talent projects, utilizing AI, workflow automations and the latest technology.
* Identify cutting-edge Talent tools, ensuring that we are constantly upgrading our Talent tool ecosystem.
* Design best-in-class Talent processes and SOPs.
* Help implement our Data Strategy to ensure our Talent decisions are data-driven.
* Build and maintain insightful reports to surface bottlenecks and highlight opportunities to optimize our hiring funnel.
* Provide coaching and guidance to hiring managers on best practices for recruitment, interviewing, and talent assessment.

## **Requirements**

We’re looking for someone who thrives in a fast-paced, detail-oriented environment and is passionate about making talent operations run like a well-oiled machine.

* Previous experience working within or with Talent functions.
* Top-notch project management and organizational skills, and the ability to manage multiple moving parts across teams with ease.
* Aptitude for quickly onboarding and mastering software in our Talent tech stack. Past experience with data, building metrics dashboards, and working with Ashby is a plus.
* Technical ability to code or vibe-code solutions yourself.
* Strong stakeholder management experience - you know how to build trust and collaborate with cross-functional leaders.
* A process-driven mindset; ideally with experience in creating, improving, or automating workflows.

Nice to have:

* Previous experience working with Ashby (our ATS).

If you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, making data-driven decisions, and driving business impact, this could be a great fit.

## **Location**

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Bangalore, Dublin, London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.

#LI-Remote
