---
title: People Operations
status: active
id: ca331e5d-19ee-4585-a97e-f1a6224949cb
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/ca331e5d-19ee-4585-a97e-f1a6224949cb
lastmod: '2026-06-03T18:11:25.126+00:00'
date: '2026-06-03T18:11:25.126+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Operations
- People
offices:
- United Kingdom
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

As People Operations, you will play a vital role in ensuring smooth onboarding, offboarding, and ongoing support for employees. Your responsibilities will encompass a range of tasks including policy documentation, administrative support and fostering a positive workplace culture.

* Facilitate all People Operations functions, such as benefit administration, visa-related requests, policy updates etc.
* Ensure accurate and up-to-date employee data across our HRIS (HiBob) and global payroll platform (Deel).
* Manage the full employee life-cycle, including onboarding, internal operations, offboarding and employee experience.
* Continuously improve and automate People processes to enhance efficiency and scalability.

## **Requirements**

We do not require any formal experience, certifications or degrees. Instead we are seeking enthusiastic, proactive individuals who can showcase working in a fast-paced environment, solving multiple problems. We do require:

* Strong interpersonal skills, and a getting-things-done mindset.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills that demonstrate a high level of professionalism.
* Highly organised and detail-oriented; you can handle multiple projects and dynamic priorities without missing a beat.

Bonus Experience:

* 1-3 years experience within HR/People Operations/Administration, preferably at a high-growth technology company/start up.
