---
title: General Manager - Denmark
status: active
id: ceb4eb7b-f1ad-429d-a2ec-11fd902948b8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/ceb4eb7b-f1ad-429d-a2ec-11fd902948b8
lastmod: '2026-07-22T10:34:17.807+00:00'
date: '2026-07-22T10:34:17.807+00:00'
location: Denmark
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Europe
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

**About the role**

This is an in-country role, ideally based in Copenhagen.

We are looking for an experienced General Manager who has successfully built and led sales and technical teams. The GM will be responsible for the overall country strategy and deliverables, in line with the company priorities. We are looking for an execution-focused operator who can propel ElevenLabs in the country.

**In this role you will:**

1. Develop and execute our Country strategy, including sales, customer delivery, KPI setting and hiring.
2. Design the optimal pipeline to reach our ambitious sales targets in the B2B side. In this sense, you will be expected to lead interactions with the top 30 strategic accounts in the market.
3. Hire the founding country team responsible for sales and implementations.
4. Define event priorities and where to invest for brand awareness.
5. Represent ElevenLabs in events and media appearances.
6. Work with the partner ecosystem to generate new collaborations and sales opportunities, in partnership with the global BD team.
7. Ideate, own and drive big bets in the country.

**Requirements**

1. 15+ years of experience leading teams and highly complex projects.
2. Background in consulting and sales.
3. Deep expertise in deploying technical products and/or solutions to enterprises.
4. Owner mentality. Hands-on and self-starter who is keen to get their hands dirty to produce results.
5. Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills.
6. A hands-on leader who thinks outside the box and wants to generate results.
7. Proven ability to build and scale high-performing teams.
8. Native speaker of the local language.

**Location**

This role is remote-first so it can be executed from anywhere in Denmark, with a strong preference for a candidate in Copenhagen.

#LI-remote
