---
title: 'Production Manager '
status: active
id: cf173c80-b9b9-4e27-85fa-a26c68693ea9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/cf173c80-b9b9-4e27-85fa-a26c68693ea9
lastmod: '2026-06-01T16:50:08.911+00:00'
date: '2026-06-01T16:50:08.911+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Productions
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

Productions is the 'done for you' managed services wing of ElevenLabs made for creators and media businesses. We bring together our AI audio tools and human experts to unlock human-edited dubs, audiobooks, and more in 15+ languages directly on the ElevenLabs platform.

**Here are a few recent projects Productions has helped bring to life:**

* Dubbing for some of the world's biggest creators (DudePerfect, Lex Fridman, Andrew Huberman) and media businesses
* Audiobook production for leading publishers and digital storytelling platforms
* Voice creation, sound design, and other audio engineering services for ElevenLabs' largest customers
* You can learn more about Productions here: <https://elevenlabs.io/productions>

**As a Production Manager, you drive the success of Productions for one or multiple language teams, including:**

* Onboarding and training linguists and other audio professionals (Producers) to use the ElevenLabs platform
* Building quality control and monitoring systems for your language to ensure the dubs, audiobooks, and other content we deliver sound natural and professional-grade
* Working with the Productions product and engineering team to optimize our tools and processes for high-quality content creation
* Define our editorial line and set our creative direction, such as style guides, voice casting, translation and adaptation principles

## **Requirements**

While we don’t require any formal experience, certifications, or degrees, the following will set you apart as a candidate for a Production Manager role:

* **Native speaker of or native-level knowledge** of Arabic.
* **Experience building and/or running a production team** inside a language service provider (LSP), localization agency, media company, or similar for one or multiple of the following:

  + Transcripts
  + Translations
  + Dubs
  + Audiobooks

* **Strong attention to detail**: you should have keen eyes and ears in your native language and be capable of spotting even the smallest inconsistencies or mistakes that keep something from reading or sounding 100% natural.
* **Comfortable giving feedback:** you will be responsible for the quality of content the team produces in your language and should feel comfortable setting and maintaining a high bar.
* Bonus points for:

  + Familiarity with the ElevenLabs platform, including our transcript editor, Studio, and dubbing products
  + Native-level abilities in multiple non-English languages

## Location

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in London, New York, San Francisco, and Warsaw.

## 

#LI-Remote
