---
title: Events Manager - Europe
status: active
id: de0b9e17-6a32-4034-8a38-dba2513ad326
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/de0b9e17-6a32-4034-8a38-dba2513ad326
lastmod: '2026-07-20T15:28:04.792+00:00'
date: '2026-07-20T15:28:04.792+00:00'
location: Germany
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Europe
offices:
- Spain
- United Kingdom
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the role

We are looking for a highly motivated, self-starter Event Manager to lead the planning and execution of successful events that drive brand awareness and engagement. Your expertise in event strategy, project management, and marketing events will be pivotal in creating memorable experiences that align with our brand and business objectives. Collaborating closely with cross-functional teams and sales, you will be responsible for every stage of event planning, from ideation and budgeting to logistics and post-event analysis. Your ability to think creatively, problem-solve, and manage multiple projects simultaneously will ensure our events are executed flawlessly and deliver measurable results.

**In this role, you will:**

* Develop and execute event plans that align with business objectives and drive attendance and engagement.
* Organise conferences, webinars and strategic breakfasts/dinners/lunches with key customers or potential clients.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless execution of events, including venue selection, vendor management, and logistics, managing the full end to end planning process.
* Create compelling event messaging and content that resonates with target audiences and drives interest and attendance.
* Manage event budgets and timelines, ensuring all deliverables are completed on time and within budget.
* Analyze event performance metrics and provide recommendations for future improvements and optimizations,
* Follow up with participants in events in collaboration with the sales & growth teams.
* Build and maintain relationships with key stakeholders, including sponsors, partners, and vendors.
* Stay up-to-date on industry trends and best practices, and incorporate them into event marketing strategies to stay ahead of the competition.

## Requirements

* 5+ years events experience with three of these years specifically in event or marketing events planning in a fast paced tech organisation.
* Experience working cross-functionally with sales, marketing, product development and comms to execute flawless events.
* Have budget and time management skills; within tight deadlines.
* Be agile with meticulous attention to details.
* Be confident and able to express ideas and point of view thoughtfully and with passion.
* Be transparent and unafraid to challenge, ask questions or call out obstacles.
* Have excellent organizational skills and ability to roll up your sleeves to get things done.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and maintain relationships with stakeholders at all levels of an organization.
* English is a must. Plus ideally proficiency in French, German, or Spanish.
