---
title: 'Enterprise Account Executive - France & Benelux '
status: active
id: e0fdb2f5-54b4-4dff-813d-2c328d990e4c
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/e0fdb2f5-54b4-4dff-813d-2c328d990e4c
lastmod: '2026-07-10T15:51:17.311+00:00'
date: '2026-07-10T15:51:17.311+00:00'
location: France
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Europe
offices:
- Belgium
- Netherlands
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

**About the role**We’re looking for an experienced, motivated Enterprise Account Executive to drive ElevenLabs' growth with CAC40 and large-scale enterprises across France and Benelux. Our ideal candidate is passionate about the transformative possibilities of AI voice technology, and eager to act as a strategic partner - enabling organizations to leverage our industry-leading models and product to reimagine their customer experience, internal workflows, and monetization strategies.

**In this role you will:**

* Build and manage a growing portfolio of new accounts across industries adopting conversational AI to help ElevenLabs meet its revenue goals
* Identify new business opportunities where ElevenLabs’ conversational AI capabilities can drive user engagement, automation, or cost efficiency
* Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the AI Agents landscape, including customer use cases, competitive solutions, and emerging trends
* Demonstrate expertise—or a strong willingness to learn—about conversational AI and how ElevenLabs’ voice technology can unlock value across customer support, virtual agents, in-app assistants, and more
* Develop and execute account strategies to expand ElevenLabs’ presence within key enterprise verticals (e.g., healthcare, government, finance).
* Partner closely with customer success and solutions engineering to ensure smooth onboarding and expansion of accounts.
* Serve as a trusted advisor to clients, educating them on emerging trends in generative AI, voice interfaces, and conversational agents.

**Requirements**

* 7+ years of quota‑carrying enterprise sales experience in SaaS or technology, ideally with exposure to AI, generative AI, LLM-based products, or API‑driven platforms.
* Deep understanding of the French ecosystem
* Proven success closing seven‑figure deals and managing complex sales cycles with multiple stakeholders.
* Deep understanding of enterprise procurement and legal processes, with ability to accelerate deal velocity in France.
* Experience selling technical solutions to product and engineering leaders; ability to translate complex technology into business value.
* Strong executive presence and ability to build relationships at the C‑suite and board level.
* Comfort operating in an early‑stage, high‑growth environment, including building new playbooks and iterating quickly.
* Passion for voice and audio AI and how it can unlock transformative value for customers.
* A hybrid of customer & product-driven mentality that prioritizes client satisfaction & scale

**Location**

This role is remote-first, so it can be executed from anywhere in the EMEA region, however the ability to operate in CET and GMT timezones is required. There is a preference for candidates to be based in Paris, with the option to work out of our office.

#LI-remote
