---
title: Customer Support Specialist
status: active
id: e22e14d8-0766-445f-9570-6037c7300c73
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/e22e14d8-0766-445f-9570-6037c7300c73
lastmod: '2025-10-14T10:13:59.089+00:00'
date: '2025-10-14T10:13:59.089+00:00'
location: Bulgaria
departments:
- Operations
- Customer Support
offices:
- Philippines
- Poland
- Japan
- Brazil
- Mexico
- Korea
- Sofia
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

**This is a contracting role that is fully remote.**

## 

## **About the role**

You will enjoy the role if you enjoy doing the following:

* **Rapid Response**: Quickly and effectively resolve customer support tickets, ensuring a seamless user experience and customer empathy.
* **Creative Problem-Solving**: Challenge yourself by applying your technical expertise to troubleshoot issues and provide straightforward, user-friendly solutions.
* **Keeping Things Top-Notch**: Stay informed about developments, proactively and reactively contribute to documentation and help center articles to ensure users have the information they need when they need it, and serve as the liaison between customers and the company, giving the users a voice within the company. You're the vital link between our customers and our team, fostering a sense of connection.
* **Building a Safe Space**: Take pride in your role as a guardian of our community by actively ensuring that user-generated content complies with our guidelines, maintaining a respectful and secure environment for everyone, while also contributing to the review and moderation of our voice library, upholding high-quality content that meets our platform's standards.

## **Who you are**

We're looking for exceptional individuals who combine technical excellence with ethical awareness, who are excited by hard problems and motivated by human impact. You’ll strive with us if you:

* Are **passionate about audio AI** driven by a desire to make content universally accessible and breaking the frontiers of new tech.
* Are a **highly motivated and driven individual** with a strong work ethic. Our team is aware of this critical moment of audio AI evolution and is committed to going the extra mile to lead.
* Are **analytical, efficient, and strive on solving complex challenges** with a first principles mindset.
* Consistently **strive for excellence**, delivering high-quality work quickly and exceeding expectations.
* **Take initiative and work autonomously** from day one, prioritizing learning and contribution while leaving ego aside.

## **What you bring**

* 2-3 years experience in a technical customer support department in SaaS or at a high-growth technology company
* Experience working in a start-up with international teams in a remote setting
* Experience troubleshooting technical issues related to APIs or browser errors
* A detail-oriented mindset with a focus on delivering high-quality work
* Autonomous and execution-focused mindset
* General interest in AI and technology (you will get extra points if you are already an ElevenLabs user!)

## 

#LI-remote
