---
title: Accounts Payable Specialist
status: active
id: e7b83599-1b70-4830-85da-7132b99a3b57
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/e7b83599-1b70-4830-85da-7132b99a3b57
lastmod: '2026-07-02T19:06:07.345+00:00'
date: '2026-07-02T19:06:07.345+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Finance & RevOps
offices:
- Germany
- New York
- Poland
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## About the Role

You will be responsible for managing the end-to-end accounts payable process, ensuring timely and accurate payments, maintaining vendor records, and supporting month-end close activities. You will serve as a key liaison between our vendors and internal teams to uphold strong financial operations and vendor relationships.

This role requires someone who is proactive, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced startup environment.:

* Ensure proper coding, approval, and documentation of invoices in accordance with company policy.
* Schedule and prepare payments in line with vendor terms and internal timelines.
* Maintain and reconcile the AP aging report and monitor outstanding payables.
* Assist in fulfilling audit requests and compiling internal control documentation.
* Support month-end close activities by reconciling AP and corporate credit card accounts.
* Act as a primary point of contact for accounts payable inquiries from employees, contractors, and vendors.
* Collaborate with auditors and external partners when required.
* Foster and maintain positive relationships with vendors through timely and professional communication

## **Requirements**

* Minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience in an Accounts Payable role.
* Required proficiency with financial systems including NetSuite and Ramp.
* Strong command of Google Workspace tools, including Sheets, Docs, Slides, and Meet.
* Excellent analytical, organizational, and multi-tasking abilities.
* Exceptional written/verbal communication skills.
* Ability to operate both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced team environment.

This role is remote and can be executed globally. However, to facilitate working with the Finance team, we prefer candidates based in GMT+0 to GMT+3.

#LI-Remote
