---
title: Account Executive - North America - Productions
status: active
id: ef819b07-d617-42c7-873f-798d1a7d4024
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/ef819b07-d617-42c7-873f-798d1a7d4024
lastmod: '2026-06-09T10:47:58.075+00:00'
date: '2026-06-09T10:47:58.075+00:00'
location: United States
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - US
offices:
- New York
- San Francisco
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

ElevenProductions is the premium audio services arm of ElevenLabs that uses human-in-the-loop production workflows to deliver high-quality localization, audiobooks, custom voices, advertising creative, and more to customers across media, broadcasting, publishing, and gaming. ElevenProductions is powered by a network of 500+ professionals across 15 language teams that combine industry expertise with a deep knowledge of AI tools.

We are looking for Enterprise Account Executives to drive ElevenProductions growth across North America. You will work closely with Hollywood studios, TV networks, Big 5 book publishers, AAA gaming studios, and more to expand our service provider footprint and bring real-world use cases of ElevenLabs technology to life.

## **In this role you will:**

1. Build and manage a growing portfolio of new accounts across Media & Entertainment, publishing, and other industries adopting services powered by AI audio at scale.
2. Develop and execute strategies to expand ElevenLabs’ service provider footprint presence within key accounts
3. Partner closely with customer success and solutions engineering to ensure smooth onboarding and expansion of accounts.
4. Serve as a trusted advisor to customers in how they adopt and deploy ElevenLabs technology at scale

## **Requirements**

1. 7+ years of quota‑carrying technology sales experience, ideally in Media & Entertainment
2. Deep understanding of and interest in the service provider approach – this is not about tools and automation, but about deep partnerships with customers that rely on us as an end-to-end service provider for professional-grade work
3. Comfort building exec-level relationships
4. Bonus points for:

   1. Experience selling localization services to large Media & Entertainment customers
   2. Experience bringing real-world use of AI audio technology to life in movies, TV, or or other broadcast media
