---
title: Product Marketing - Agents
status: active
id: f2ae7fe0-67da-48ae-b126-b942899ec7e9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/f2ae7fe0-67da-48ae-b126-b942899ec7e9
lastmod: '2026-01-28T00:02:24.222+00:00'
date: '2026-01-28T00:02:24.222+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Growth
- Growth Team
offices:
- Dublin
- London
- San Francisco
- Tokyo
- Warsaw
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

**About the role**

We are looking for a product marketer that can position & package the ElevenLabs Agents Platform to Enterprise. Companies around the world use ElevenLabs Agents to resolve customer support, provide engaging and interactive experiences, and put an end to “waiting on hold”. We continue to discover new use cases and industries that can benefit from our technology and you’ll be helping drive the narrative as we grow. You’ll help launch new products, produce thought leadership content, create assets to enable our sales team, and build industry focused landing pages.

**Who You Are**

We're looking for an exceptional individual who combines a great product & design sense, excellent copy writing skills, and the technical background and interest to become an expert on Conversational Agents.

You’ll thrive on our team if you:

* Are extremely passionate about AI Audio and technology more generally.
* Have experience launching products and creating content for technical / enterprise audiences.
* Have excellent project management skills and can juggle multiple tasks at once.
* Consistently strive for excellence, delivering high-quality work quickly and exceeding expectations.
* Take initiative and work autonomously from day one, prioritizing learning and contribution while leaving ego aside.

This role is remote and can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in Bangalore, Dublin, London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Warsaw.
