---
title: 'Strategic Account Executive - UAE '
status: active
id: f805267e-2f77-4cdf-8d8a-a3ed5b07e726
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/f805267e-2f77-4cdf-8d8a-a3ed5b07e726
lastmod: '2026-07-22T11:00:31.112+00:00'
date: '2026-07-22T11:00:31.112+00:00'
location: 'UAE '
departments:
- Revenue
- Revenue - Middle East
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

**About the role**  
We're looking for a highly motivated, self-starter Strategic Account Executive who is passionate about voice technology and how it is changing businesses. We don't just sell a product or custom-level solutions; we are partnering with our strategic enterprises to help them generate new experiences and monetisation opportunities at scale with our breakthrough voice technology. In this role you will:

* Build and manage a growing portfolio of strategic enterprise accounts in the UAE to help ElevenLabs meet its revenue goals.
* Identify and develop high-value business opportunities that align with ElevenLabs' product offering and roadmap.
* Generate leads, negotiate complex contracts and close sales in collaboration with the Growth team.
* Be responsible for KPI and sales performance tracking, providing weekly updates to the wider ElevenLabs team.

**Who you are**  
We're looking for exceptional individuals who combine technical excellence with ethical awareness, who are excited by hard problems and motivated by human impact. You'll strive with us if you:

* Are **passionate about audio AI** driven by a desire to make content universally accessible and breaking the frontiers of new tech.
* Are a **highly motivated and driven individual** with a strong work ethic. Our team is aware of this critical moment of audio AI evolution and is committed to going the extra mile to lead.
* Are **analytical, efficient, and strive on solving complex challenges** with a first principles mindset.
* Consistently **strive for excellence**, delivering high-quality work quickly and exceeding expectations.
* **Take initiative and work autonomously** from day one, prioritizing learning and contribution while leaving ego aside.

**What you bring**

* Proven track record of meeting & exceeding sales targets in a fast-paced environment, selling into large and strategic enterprises in the UAE
* +10 years of previous experience in sales in a SaaS organisation, with experience managing strategic, complex, deal cycles.
* Extensive experience working in the UAE
* Expertise or willingness to learn everything about Voice AI industry and how ElevenLabs' solution can help.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and maintain relationships with stakeholders at all levels of an organization.
* A hybrid of customer & product-driven mentality that prioritises client impact, satisfaction & scale.
* The role is based in the UAE
* Plus: Proficiency in Arabic.

#LI-remote
