---
title: Salesforce Administrator
status: archived
id: '5075070008'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/5075070008
lastmod: '2026-06-03T12:30:48-04:00'
date: '2026-01-20T23:17:39-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA | New York City, NY | Seattle, WA
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

## **About Anthropic**

Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.

## **About the role**

As a Salesforce Administrator at Anthropic, you will play a key role in building and maintaining world-class CRM systems for our GTM team. In this role, you'll work both autonomously and collaboratively to design and implement tactical and project-related deliverables that support our business growth. You'll work closely with other Revenue Operations team members and business partners to understand requirements and drive strategic solutions, always with a focus on flexibility, maintainability, and scale.

## **Responsibilities:**

* Configure and customize Salesforce to meet business needs
* Optimize QTC solutions with Salesforce and other systems (Ironclad, Stripe and Metronome)
* Design and develop high quality solutions in an agile environment including partner management, forecasting, territory mapping, internationalization, pipeline optimization, and lead management processes
* Work closely with operations and business partners to understand and refine requirements, objectives, and processes
* Build for scale by designing holistically, with a focus on flexibility and maintainability
* Ensure appropriate controls and documentation are followed to create an effective control environment
* Deal with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment, resolve problems and offer impacting solutions
* Configure and maintain other business systems like Hubspot, Apollo, and Clay
* Build and optimize integrations between Salesforce and other platforms

## **You may be a good fit if you:**

* Have 3+ years of Salesforce admin experience
* Have experience implementing and maintaining QTC/CPQ solutions
* Hold Salesforce Basic and Advanced Certifications (Advanced Administrator certification, Advanced Developer or Platform II certification)
* Have in-depth understanding of the capabilities and constraints of the Salesforce CRM application architecture
* Have experience with data migration and integrating Salesforce with other platforms/services
* Have worked with financial systems such as Stripe and Netsuite (Metronome a plus)
* Have basic SQL skills and experience working with data warehouses
* Have proven experience scaling Salesforce implementations in high-growth environments
* Have experience working closely with and implementing solutions for a fast-growing GTM organization.
* Possess excellent analytical skills, combined with impeccable business judgment
* Can communicate effectively with management, sales, marketing, vendors and international teams

Deadline to apply: None. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

The annual compensation range for this role is listed below.

For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role.

Annual Salary:

$190,000—$265,000 USD

## **Logistics**

**Minimum education:** Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience

**Required field of study:**A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience

**Minimum years of experience:** Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position

**Location-based hybrid policy:** Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.

**Visa sponsorship:** We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.

**We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.** Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.  Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.  
  
**Your safety matters to us.** To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit [anthropic.com/careers](http://anthropic.com/careers) directly for confirmed position openings.

## **How we're different**

We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.

The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.

## **Come work with us!**

Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. **Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:** Learn about [our policy](https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance) for using AI in our application process.
