---
title: Staff Cloud Engineer
status: archived
id: '7833409'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/babelstreet/jobs/7833409
lastmod: '2026-04-22T17:04:35-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T14:19:59-04:00'
location: Remote - United States
departments:
- DevOps/IT
offices:
- Remote - United States
- Reston, VA - Hybrid
---

Babel Street is the trusted technology partner for the world’s most advanced identity intelligence and risk operations. We deliver advanced AI and data analytics solutions providing unmatched, analysis-ready data regardless of language, proactive risk identification, 360-degree insights, high-speed automation, and seamless integration into existing systems. Babel Street empowers government and commercial organizations to transform high-stakes identity and risk operations into a strategic advantage.  The actionable insights we deliver safeguard lives and protect critical assets around the world.  Babel Street is headquartered in Reston, Virginia, with regional offices in Boston, MA and Cleveland, OH, and international offices in Australia, Canada, Israel, Japan, and the U.K. For more information, visit [www.babelstreet.com](http://www.babelstreet.com/).

**Position Summary:** 

We are seeking a skilled Staff Cloud Engineer to help design, build, and scale our cloud infrastructure. The ideal candidate will blend expertise from Platform Engineering, DevOps, Infrastructure-as-Code, and Networking to solve complex problems across multiple cloud environments.  

**What you will do:** 

In this role you will join a highly diverse team of Platform, Network, Cloud and Software Engineers to help support mission critical systems. You will work closely with other Cloud Engineers to design and maintain our infrastructure, drive cloud architecture decisions, and lead initiatives that improve the reliability and scalability of our applications. 

**What you will bring:** 

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field

* 4+ years of hands-on experience managing and maintaining cloud infrastructure in GCP and AWS

* Experience with Infrastructure as Code tools such as Terraform to provision and manage cloud resources in a repeatable, scalable manner

* Familiarity with observability and monitoring platforms (e.g., Cloud Monitoring, CloudWatch, Prometheus) to ensure system health, performance, and reliability

* Experience planning and executing cloud-to-cloud workload migrations, including assessment, re-architecture, and cutover strategies across major cloud platforms

* Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills with the ability to diagnose and resolve complex cloud infrastructure issues

* Ability to work effectively in cross-functional teams

**Benefits at Babel Street (just to name a few...)**

* Health Benefits: Babel Street covers 85-100% monthly premium costs for Medical, Dental, Vision, Life & Disability insurances – for you and your family!
* Retirement Plans: Babel Street offers both a Traditional and Roth 401(K) with a very competitive match.
* Unlimited Flexible Leave: We trust our employees to manage their own time and balance their personal and work lives.
* Holidays: Babel Street provides employees with 12 paid Federal Holidays
* Tuition Reimbursement: We are committed to investing in our employees. One way we do that is with our Tuition Reimbursement Program for continuing education.

*Babel Street is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Further, Babel Street will not discriminate against applicants for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co‐worker, [Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination](https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf).* *In addition, Babel Street's policy is to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified employees who have protected disabilities to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances where a particular employee works. Upon request, we will provide you with more information about such accommodations.*

Range for this position based on qualifications and experience

$120,000—$140,000 USD
