---
title: Robot Prototype Technician
status: active
id: 41dfbfcd-a9d1-4969-b11b-821f3319cae2
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/physicalintelligence/41dfbfcd-a9d1-4969-b11b-821f3319cae2
lastmod: '2026-04-07T19:08:24.907+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T19:08:24.907+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Hardware
---

**Who We Are**

Physical Intelligence is bringing general-purpose AI into the physical world. We are a group of engineers, scientists, roboticists, and company builders developing foundation models and learning algorithms to power the robots of today and the physically-actuated devices of the future.

**The Team**

Robot Prototype Engineering Technicians collaborate closely with robot design engineers to build, test, and refine early stage robots. In this role you will use skills with assembly, fabrication, electronics, and troubleshooting to build initial robot designs, identify design flaws for improvement in future design iterations, propose solutions for improvements regarding build, maintenance, and repair of robots. These technicians are part of the robot fleet team within the PI Hardware Organization.

**In This Role You Will:**

* **Fabricate and Assembly Robot Prototype Systems and Components:** Build mechanical/electrical prototypes using tools, 3D printing, soldering, and machining. Review and understand mechanical drawings, electrical schematics, and wiring diagrams for prototype assembly.
* **Repair Robot Prototype Systems and Components:**

  + Repair mechanical components such as actuators, motors, gearboxes, bearings, and moving parts that could fail or break in initial prototype designs.
  + Repair electrical systems including wiring, circuits, power supplies, sensors, and control systems that could fail or break in initial prototype designs.
* **Perform Basic Troubleshooting and Testing of Robot Prototype Systems and Components:** Conduct basic functional tests and troubleshooting failures to engineering feedback to improve prototype designs. Perform tests on electrical systems using diagnostic tools, multimeters, oscilloscopes, and other specialized equipment.
* **Collaboration Effectively with Hardware Design Engineers:** Work with engineering teams to iterate designs based on experimental results. Propose solutions to hardware design engineering team for ease of assembly, repair, and maintenance

**What We Hope You'll Bring**

* 2+ years of prototyping technician experience
* Assembly and disassembly skills on electromechanical systems - Proficiency with electrical systems/components (AC/DC motors, wiring, controllers) and mechanical systems/components (motors, gears, Bearings).
* Soldering skills and harness/wiring skills
* Proficiency in using CAD software to view design files (e.g., Solidworks, Onshape) and ability to interpret engineering drawings and wiring diagrams
* Experience working with diagnostic tools, multimeters, oscilloscopes, and PLCs.
* Strong problem-solving ability
* Strong attention to detail
* Excellent communication and teamwork abilities

**Bonus Points**

* Proficiency with rapid prototyping tools and 3D printers
* Experience with robotic systems
* Associate degree in Electrical/Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, or a related technical field. A bachelor’s degree is a plus.
* Relevant certifications in electrical or mechanical systems (e.g., ASE, NATE, etc.)
