---
title: Robot Test Engineer
status: active
id: bb72d6bc-631e-423b-bc06-be225105d73d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/physicalintelligence/bb72d6bc-631e-423b-bc06-be225105d73d
lastmod: '2026-01-22T06:03:02.208+00:00'
date: '2026-01-22T06:03:02.208+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Hardware
---

### **Role Overview**

As a **Robot Test Engineer**, your role is critical to ensuring that robot systems integrating into our growing robot fleet meet performance requirements and are reliable. You will work with robot systems across a range of maturity levels from early prototypes to production systems. You will be responsible for creating test systems and test processes/documentation, executing tests on robotic systems, and engaging with members of the hardware engineering and software engineering teams to resolve issues that arise during test.

### **Key Responsibilities**

**- Test Process Development:** Create test processes and documentation for robotic systems.

**- Test Setup Development:** Build and maintain robot test systems, explore ways to automate testing, etc.

**- Test Execution:** Complete functional, environmental, and reliability testing of robot systems, assemblies, and components ranging across different maturity levels from early prototypes to production robot systems. Collect data, analyze data, and compile data into reports to communicate results broadly.

**- Test Failure Investigation:** Perform root cause analysis from test failures and work with engineers to resolve and drive corrective actions.

**- Cross Functional Collaboration:** Engage with hardware and software teams to align on test processes and to resolve issues observed during testing.

### **Required Competencies & Skills**

**- Education**: B.S. in Robotics, Mechatronics, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience

- **Experience:** 4+ years of hands on experience in hardware test engineering, product validation, or quality assurance for electromechanical or robotics systems

**- Hardware Knowledge**: Proficiency debugging electromechanical systems including actuators, PCBs, cameras, wiring harnesses, and communication hardware.

**- Systems Knowledge**: Strong understanding of mechanical, electrical, and software interactions in robotic systems

**- Software Knowledge:** Basic scripting to understand robot testing code development from runtime/robot software team.

**- Data Analysis & Processing:** Ability to process data (i.e. Excel, Matlab, Python, etc.) to analyze and create graphics.

**- Hands on Skills: B**uilding test fixtures, performing diagnostics, and using standard lab equipment (oscilloscopes, multimeters, environmental chambers, etc.)

- **Strong Communication**: Excellent written and verbal communication, particularly in technical documentation.

**- Other Facets:** High attention to detail, highly organized, capable of supporting multiple test campaigns in parallel, ability to work in a highly dynamic start up environment (adaptable/not rigid to specific test standards).

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
