---
title: Executive Assistant, CCO
status: archived
id: 26515a3d-521e-4a0f-9df7-3459fdc1bd49
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/writer/26515a3d-521e-4a0f-9df7-3459fdc1bd49
lastmod: '2026-06-17T12:37:54.624+00:00'
date: '2026-06-17T12:37:54.624+00:00'
location: New York City, NY
departments:
- Office of CEO
- Office of CEO general
compensation: $125K – $158K • Offers Equity
---

**🚀 About WRITER**

WRITER is where the world’s leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we’re proving it’s possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. With WRITER’s end-to-end platform, hundreds of companies like Mars, Marriott, Uber, and Vanguard are building and deploying AI agents that are grounded in their company’s data and fueled by WRITER’s enterprise-grade LLMs. Valued at $1.9B and backed by industry-leading investors including Premji Invest, Radical Ventures, and ICONIQ Growth, WRITER is rapidly cementing its position as the leader in enterprise generative AI.

Founded in 2020 with office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, and London, our team thinks big and moves fast, and we’re looking for smart, hardworking builders and scalers to join us on our journey to create a better future of work with AI.

**📐 About the role**

We're seeking an exceptional executive assistant to partner with our Chief Customer Officer from our New York office. This is a high-impact position where you'll serve as a strategic extension of the C-Suite, orchestrating complex schedules, facilitating seamless communication, and ensuring their time is optimized efficiently and drives maximum value for the organization.

You'll collaborate closely with our sales and cross-functional GTM teams, serving as the primary person for scheduling, logistics, and coordination. Your work keeps the momentum going, no matter where our leaders are in the world.

You'll need to be available to work from our New York office as-needed to support your executive effectively.

**🦸🏻‍♀️ What you’ll do**

* You’ll operate as a true executive business partner — deeply embedded in deal cycles, strategic priorities, and high-stakes stakeholder relationships.
* Complex calendar management: manage the CCO’s dynamic schedule, both internally and externally, understanding key priorities to strategically organize meetings and commitments.
* International & domestic travel: book and plan all logistics for travel, including flights, hotels, ground transportation.
* Daily agenda & briefings: daily agenda is updated and collaborate with internal teams to include comprehensive prep sheets and background information for all external meetings.
* Event & conference support: provide on-site support at in-person events and conferences as-needed, ensuring seamless logistical execution.
* Inbox management & correspondence: inbox triage, send priority messages, and draft emails on behalf of the CCO to ensure timely, professional, and aligned responses.
* Stakeholder coordination: serve as the key liaison with internal and external stakeholders to support the schedules and regional priorities.
* The CCO is London-based with frequent travel to the US, and we're seeking a candidate who can seamlessly accommodate her schedule
* Additional ad hoc administrative support as needed.

**⭐️ What you need**

* 10+ years of experience as an executive administrative business partner supporting a C-level executive, in a fast-paced, hyper-growth tech startup environment.
* New York based and able to work in a hybrid model, coming into our office as needed.
* Proven experience managing a very busy and complex calendar
* Build and maintain relationships externally with executives and EAs.
* Experience with Google Workspace and can quickly master new tools.
* Exceptional organizational and time management skills, with an ability to prioritize effectively among competing demands.
* Meticulous attention to detail and accuracy.
* Direct experience managing logistics for executives' media and event appearances.
* An over-communicator with experience coordinating effectively with globally-distributed teams.
* Ability to work both autonomously and collaboratively.
