---
title: Regional vice president, enterprise (UK)
status: archived
id: 3e9ba583-f782-4c88-8a0a-cafa0d0a8996
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/writer/3e9ba583-f782-4c88-8a0a-cafa0d0a8996
lastmod: '2026-03-04T14:32:48.914+00:00'
date: '2026-03-04T14:32:48.914+00:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Sales
- Sales management
---

**🚀 About WRITER**

WRITER is where the world’s leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we’re proving it’s possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. With WRITER’s end-to-end platform, hundreds of companies like Mars, Marriott, Uber, and Vanguard are building and deploying AI agents that are grounded in their company’s data and fueled by WRITER’s enterprise-grade LLMs. Valued at $1.9B and backed by industry-leading investors including Premji Invest, Radical Ventures, and ICONIQ Growth, WRITER is rapidly cementing its position as the leader in enterprise generative AI.

Founded in 2020 with office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, and London, our team thinks big and moves fast, and we’re looking for smart, hardworking builders and scalers to join us on our journey to create a better future of work with AI.

📐 **About this role**

As our regional vice president of enterprise sales, you’ll be responsible for leading a high-performing enterprise sales team that works with CIOs and business leaders. You'll lead a team of 6 Enterprise account executives, that is focused on the acquisition of new logos, expansion, and renewal of these accounts. You’ll be expected to deliver on revenue targets, be active in the field with your team, improve existing processes, and help WRITER improve how we work with Enterprise customers. A critical part of the role is providing guidance, coaching, and support to your team to enable individual and collective success.

Your positivity, sense of curiosity, winning mindset, and ability to create champions from early adopters in the AI writing space will help shape our entire culture. If you have a builder mentality, this is the role for you. As a senior leader in the business, you’ll be reporting to our EMEA vice president of sales.

**🦸🏻‍♀️ What you’ll do**

* Deliver against aggressive but attainable sales targets to continue building and developing WRITER's success with enterprise customers
* Establish and iterate on sales processes, including lead generation, qualification, pipeline management, POC oversight, and forecasting, to drive consistent and predictable results.
* Hire and develop top sales talent aligned with our connect/challenge/own company values, identifying the highest leverage coaching opps for each rep and developing plan to address
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Customer Success, Marketing, Solutions Architecture, and Product to align solutions that drive meaningful business value for our customers.
* Provide regular sales forecasts, performance reports, and insights to senior leadership, highlighting key metrics and areas for improvement. Own operational metrics such as pipeline growth, sales cycle length, and close rates
* Foster a culture of high-performance, collaboration, and continuous learning within the sales team. Model the integrity, attitude, and sense of urgency that you’ll expect from your team
* Establish and personally maintain strong relationships with key customer executives, acting as a trusted advisor and advocate.

**⭐️ What you need**

* 10+ years in SaaS with 3+ years demonstrated experience leading enterprise sales teams selling to Enterprises (defined by above 2k employees) to exceed revenue targets, preferably selling into CIO and CMO personas
* Highly strategic with deep experience in consultative, complex sales cycles.
* Proven experience building and leading a team from an early stage
* Operationally excellent, with demonstrated experiences building and executing a highly prescriptive, value-based sales process
* Proven ability to work across the GTM organization to strategize, plan and execute a cross-functional approach
* Hands-on sales leader, energized by the transformative potential of AI and working with talented AE’s.

**🍩 Benefits & perks (UK full-time employees):**

* Generous PTO, plus company holidays
* Comprehensive medical and dental insurance
* Paid parental leave for all parents (16 weeks)
* Fertility and family planning support
* Early-detection cancer testing [through Galleri](https://www.galleri.com/partner/writer)
* Competitive pension scheme and company contribution
* Annual work-life stipends for:

  + Wellness stipend for gym, massage/chiropractor, personal training, etc.
  + Learning and development stipend
* Company-wide off-sites and team off-sites
* Competitive compensation and company stock options
