---
title: Enterprise sales development representative (EMEA)
status: archived
id: ddc0fc0d-e62f-48c4-bc56-6298e3b0b710
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/writer/ddc0fc0d-e62f-48c4-bc56-6298e3b0b710
lastmod: '2026-03-16T18:27:47.187+00:00'
date: '2026-03-16T18:27:47.187+00:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Sales
- Sales development
---

**🚀 About WRITER**

WRITER is where the world's leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we're proving it's possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. With WRITER's end-to-end platform, hundreds of companies like Mars, Marriott, Uber, and Vanguard are building and deploying AI agents that are grounded in their company's data and fueled by WRITER's enterprise-grade LLMs. Valued at $1.9B and backed by industry-leading investors including Premji Invest, Radical Ventures, and ICONIQ Growth, WRITER is rapidly cementing its position as the leader in enterprise generative AI.

Founded in 2020 with office hubs in San Francisco, New York City, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, and London, our team thinks big and moves fast, and we're looking for smart, hardworking builders and scalers to join us on our journey to create a better future of work with AI.

**📐 About the role**

As an enterprise sales development representative, you’ll play a key role in building WRITER’s pipeline across some of Northern Europe’s largest and most strategic enterprise accounts. You’ll engage directly with senior decision-makers in financial services, life sciences, retail, and CPG, sparking meaningful conversations about how the WRITER platform can help their organizations transform.

Working closely with account executives, you’ll qualify opportunities and book high-value meetings that drive growth. This is a chance to make a real impact in an ambitious team, develop a deep understanding of our product and industry, and lay a strong foundation for your future career within WRITER's sales organization.

**🦸🏻‍♀️ What you’ll do**

* As an enterprise sales development rep, your core responsibility is to generate pipeline from ideal customer profile accounts by thoughtfully and creatively reaching out to engage target personas
* Build relationships with the account executives you support and wider eco-system (marketing, ops etc..)
* Research key accounts' initiatives to help develop a "hypothesis of value"
* Strategize and execute on multi-touch account-based campaigns in partnership with Marketing and Sales
* Find creative ways to engage prospects and potential buyers that fit our ICP
* Constantly finding ways to automate and improve processes and gain efficiency
* Set meetings for the sales team when a lead reaches a qualified stage
* ...and yes, maintain accurate info in Salesforce to help us scale what works!

**⭐️ What you need**

* Sales development experience in a role for a B2B AI or SaaS company
* Demonstrable success exceeding outbound pipe gen goals in a B2B SaaS startup environment
* Experience in targeting marketing & GTM personas
* Genuinely excellent written and verbal communication skills
* A self-starter with an experimental mindset - Use of AI in your process is crucial
* Highly organised both in planning and time management
* Experience with Salesforce, AI tools/platforms, GSuite, a plus
* Curious & eager to learn & improve every day

**🍩 Benefits & perks (UK full-time employees):**

* Generous PTO, plus company holidays
* Comprehensive medical and dental insurance
* Paid parental leave for all parents (16 weeks)
* Fertility and family planning support
* Early-detection cancer testing [through Galleri](https://www.galleri.com/partner/writer)
* Competitive pension scheme and company contribution
* Annual work-life stipends for:

  + Wellness stipend for gym, massage/chiropractor, personal training, etc.
  + Learning and development stipend
* Company-wide off-sites and team off-sites
* Competitive compensation and company stock options
