---
title: Solutions Architect -Malaysia
status: active
id: '7457523531019241754'
source: feishu
url: https://zhipu-ai.jobs.feishu.cn/position/7457523531019241754
lastmod: '2025-01-08T12:44:44.021000+00:00'
date: '2025-01-08T12:44:44.021000+00:00'
location: 北京
departments:
- 互联网 / 电子 / 网游
offices:
- 北京
---

## 职位描述

1. Responsible for providing generative AI solutions and commercial implementation to overseas (based in Hong Kong and Malaysia) corporate clients, offering technical consultation and support for the realization of generative AI innovation and transformation in overseas enterprises.

2. Externally, collaborate closely with the sales team to jointly promote the expansion and sales process of products and solutions, including bussiness communication, demand analysis, technology selection, solution design, and project delivery, committed to helping customers succeed.

3. Internally, communicate and cooperate with the product and R&D departments, understand industry changes, summarize technical solution experiences, and promote the implementation of solutions and product iteration.

## 任职要求

1. Bachelor degree or above, major in computer, communications, artificial intelligence and related majors. 5-10 years of experience in enterprise application architecture, solution or technical project management.

2. Solution analysis and architecture capabilities based on artificial intelligence and cloud computing services, understand the latest industry trends and application directions of generative AI, and able to cognize and judge the delivery path and feasibility of generative AI in various industries.

3. Team awareness, excellent communication, document writing, presentation and coordination skills. Ability to handle multiple complex project support in a fast-paced environment and achieve performance goals with high execution.
