---
title: Solutions Engineer, Enterprise
status: active
id: '4554440005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4554440005
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:28:59-04:00'
date: '2025-04-22T16:27:54-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA; New York, NY
departments:
- Enterprise Sales
offices:
- New York, NY
- San Francisco, CA
---

Scale plays a vital role in the development of AI applications. Our customer base is growing exponentially, and you will be on the front lines, ensuring that the world's most innovative companies become passionate, lifelong Scale customers.

Solutions Engineers partner closely with AEs, Product, and MLEs to lead prospective customers through pre-sales, delivering customized demos and pilots to secure the “technical win”. Solutions Engineers scope customer technical requirements and develop an actionable SOW. They will work closely with the delivery team to help with initial implementation. Solutions Engineers are relentlessly curious about customer needs and pain points. They employ their expert Scale product knowledge and GenAI knowledge to design solutions that best address these needs. Solutions Engineers are strong relationship builders, great project managers, and provide technical expertise.

**You will:**

* Partner with Scale AEs on the customer journey, delivering tailored demos and prototypes according to the customer's requirements.
* Develop technical domain expertise in Generative AI / large language model applications for Enterprise use cases, including customers in financial services, insurance, SaaS, and similar enterprises.
* Be accountable for securing the “technical win” by unblocking technical challenges
* Interact with customers daily to understand their needs and design solutions to better serve them.
* Design and develop “Scopes of Work” by breaking down customer challenges into a project plan
* Work closely with forward-deployed Software and Machine learning Engineers to develop agents in the initial post-sales stage
* Work with AEs and PMs to identify customer-specific feature requests.
* Drive strategic initiatives to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Solution Engineering team.

**Ideally, you'd have:**

* Strong engineering background with prior experience working with clients in a pre or post-sales capacity to realize business goals.
* Prior experience developing with Python, Java and/or other web development languages.
* Experience working in enterprise SaaS, cloud tech, finance, fintech or similar industries in a technical capacity with end-customer engagement.
* A track record as a self-starter, motivated to independently unblock technical issues in the field with the customer, away from the mothership.
* Presentation skills with a high degree of technical credibility when speaking with executives and front-line engineers.
* High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations.
* Intellectual curiosity, empathy, and ability to operate with high velocity.

Nice to haves:

* GenAI Experience
* Forward deployed engineering experience
* Machine Learning Experience

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$180,000—$225,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
