---
title: 'Forward Deployed Engineer, GenAI '
status: active
id: '4593571005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4593571005
lastmod: '2026-07-09T12:47:57-04:00'
date: '2025-08-05T14:13:13-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA; New York, NY
departments:
- Gen AI Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

**About Scale AI**

At Scale AI, our mission is to accelerate the development of AI applications. For 8 years, Scale has been the leading AI data foundry, helping fuel the most exciting advancements in AI, including generative AI, defense applications, and autonomous vehicles. With our recent Series F round, we’re accelerating the abundance of frontier data to pave the road to Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) and building upon our prior model evaluation work with enterprise customers and governments to deepen our capabilities and offerings for public and private evaluations.

**About Data Engine**

Our Generative AI Data Engine powers the world’s most advanced LLMs and generative models through world-class RLHF (Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback), human data generation, model evaluation, safety, and alignment. The data we produce is some of the most critical work for how humanity will interact with AI.

**About Our FDE Team**

Generating high-quality data is the core problem our business solves. We aim to make producing and delivering high-quality data seamless and efficient for operators and customers. Our Team is building customer and operator-specific infrastructure to provide high-quality data with low turnaround time. You'll be exposed to the cutting edge of the Generative AI industry while directly interfacing with the leading model-building organizations in the space, including the top AI research labs and government agencies.

Join us in shaping the future of Artificial General Intelligence. As a Forward Deployed Engineer, you'll be at the forefront of providing the critical data infrastructure that powers the most advanced AI models, directly influencing how humanity interacts with AI. You will work with the world’s leading AI companies and government agencies to solve their most complex AI data-related problems.

**Responsibilities:**

* Drive Impact: Directly contribute to the advancement of AI by delivering critical data solutions for leading AI innovators and government agencies.
* Customer Collaboration: Interact daily with our technical customers, understanding their unique challenges and translating them into impactful solutions.
* End-to-End Development: Design, build, and deploy features across the entire stack, from front-end interfaces to back-end systems and infrastructure.
* Rapid Experimentation: Deliver high-quality experiments quickly, iterating quickly to meet customer needs and drive innovation.
* Strategic Influence: Play a key role in shaping our engineering culture, values, and processes, contributing to the growth of our team and the evolution of our product.
* Diverse Projects: Engage in a dynamic mix of designing and deploying cutting-edge data solutions, collaborating with leading AI researchers, and directly influencing the product roadmap. You'll work on everything from large-scale system architecture to customer-facing front-end application design.
* Leadership Growth: This role offers a unique opportunity to lead critical projects, shape our engineering culture, and accelerate your career growth in the rapidly evolving field of Generative AI. You'll be positioned to become a future leader in a company defining the next era of technology.

**Requirements:**

* At least 2 years of relevant experience is preferred
* Proven track record of shipping high-quality products and features at scale.
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently or as part of a collaborative team.
* Desire to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
* Ability to turn business and product ideas into engineering solutions.
* Strong coding abilities and the ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
* Ability to adapt quickly to the ever-changing world of generative AI.
* Excited to join a dynamic, hybrid team in either San Francisco or New York City.

**Preferred Qualifications:**

* Experience with large-scale data processing and distributed systems.
* Familiarity with machine learning and AI concepts.
* Experience working directly with enterprise customers.
* Experience with cloud-based infrastructure.

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$179,400—$224,250 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
