---
title: Operations Specialist
status: active
id: '4594237005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4594237005
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:28:59-04:00'
date: '2025-08-14T20:11:34-04:00'
location: Mexico City, MX
departments:
- Gen AI Operations
offices:
- Mexico City, MX
---

As an early member of our operations team, you'll be accountable for driving revenue by ensuring that Scale AI meets customer commitments in a timely manner while maintaining the highest quality standards. You will manage our supply operation funnel by building and running solutions, tools, and processes by working with a cross-functional team including Customer Operations, Product Operations, Product Managers, and many others.   
  
You will be solving problems no one has solved before, and you will need to be relentless in driving stellar results, running pilots, tests, and experiments. You’ll come up with creative solutions to bottlenecks. The blend of operations and ownership of our most important outcomes make this a unique and exciting role at the heart of Scale’s daily operations.  
  
The ideal candidate is scrappy, analytical, empathetic, outcome focused, and above all someone who drives and inspires results.

**Please note this is a contractor role with a fixed rate salary of $11,400 USD annually.**

**You will:**

* Build and drive some of our most critical operational processes
* Own the day-to-day delivery of customer commitments
* Create an effective feedback loop between the front line, product, strategy, and customers
* Collaborate with stakeholders to improve processes for new and existing customers

**Ideally you’d have:**

* Advanced English skills
* At least three months of industry experience in an operational role and/or a top-tier consulting firm
* An undergraduate degree with an analytics heavy major (e.g., Engineering or Economics) and/or a graduate degree in Engineering, Economics, or Business
* An action-oriented mindset that balances creative problem solving with the scrappiness to ultimately deliver results
* Analytical, planning, and process improvement capability

**Nice to have:**

* Experience with reading SQL, or have demonstrated analytical skills

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
