---
title: Engineering Manager, Global Public Sector
status: active
id: '4595555005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4595555005
lastmod: '2026-05-08T12:41:20-04:00'
date: '2025-08-11T13:18:16-04:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- GPS Engineering
offices:
- London, UK
---

Scale’s rapidly growing International Public Sector team is focused on using AI to address critical challenges facing the public sector around the world. Our core work consists of:

* Creating custom AI applications that will impact millions of citizens
* Generating high-quality training data for national LLMs
* Upskilling and advisory services to spread the impact of AI

Our **Scale Generative AI Platform (SGP)** powers production-grade GenAI applications with foundational services, APIs, and infrastructure that accelerate adoption across industries. As more of these applications move from prototype to production, we are investing heavily in the core platform that enables this scale.

We are looking for a **technical and strategic Engineering Manager** to lead our **Engineering** efforts Internationally to power custom applications we build for our public sector clients.

At Scale, we’re not just building AI solutions—we’re enabling the public sector to transform their operations and better serve citizens through cutting-edge technology. If you’re ready to shape the future of AI in the public sector and be a founding member of our team, we’d love to hear from you.

You will:

* Manage the engineering team and drive technical delivery.
* Design, build, and optimize backend services for advanced AI-driven applications, focusing on AI agents, evaluation tooling, and automation.
* Comfortable working cross functionally, whether that be internal or external customers
* Work across the entire product lifecycle from conceptualization through production
* Build features end-to-end, system design, debugging and testing
* Deliver experiments at a high velocity and level of quality to engage our customers
* Influence the culture, values, and processes of a growing engineering team
* Inspire and mentor engineers.
* Collaborating with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new product features and experiences

Ideally you’d have:

* At least 5 years of relevant experience and at least 2 years of experience managing back engineers is preferred
* Proven success in leading, managing, and developing high-performing Engineering teams
* Expertise in identifying product engagement patterns and trends for large scale consumer products
* Track record of shipping high-quality products and features at scale
* Desire to work in a very fast-paced environment
* Ability to turn business and product ideas into engineering solutions
* Excellent problem-solving skills, and be able to work independently or as part of a team

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
