---
title: ' Machine Learning Research Engineer, Agent Data Foundation - Enterprise GenAI'
status: active
id: '4625345005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4625345005
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:28:59-04:00'
date: '2025-10-31T14:10:46-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA; New York, NY
departments:
- Enterprise Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

AI is becoming vitally important in every function of our society. At Scale, our mission is to accelerate the development of AI applications. For 9 years, Scale has been the leading AI data foundry, helping fuel the most exciting advancements in AI, including generative AI, defense applications, and autonomous vehicles. With our recent investment from Meta, we are doubling down on building out state of the art post-training algorithms to reach the performance necessary for complex agents in enterprises around the world.

The Enterprise ML Research Lab works on the front lines of this AI revolution. We are working on an arsenal of proprietary research, tools, and resources that serve all of our enterprise clients. As MLRE on the Data Foundation team, you’ll work on cutting edge research to define the data flywheel that makes the whole machine move. This includes research around synthetic environments from task definitions, building agents for trace analysis, and contributing to a cutting edge framework that automatically hill-climbs agent-building from an eval set. This will involve creating best-in-class Agents that achieve state of the art results through a combination of post-training + agent-building algorithms.

If you are excited about shaping the future of the modern GenAI movement, we would love to hear from you!

**You will:**

* Build synthetic data pipelines to generate enterprise environments to use for RL post-training
* Create agents to convert traces from production into actionable insights to use to improve agents
* Contribute to our agent building product which can construct other agents using coding agents + proprietary algorithms
* Train state of the art models, developed both internally and from the community, to deploy to our enterprise customers.

**Ideally you’d have:**

* 3+ years of building with LLMs in a production environment
* Clear experiences with constructing high quality data to use to improve an LLM/Agent
* Publications in top conferences such as NEURIPS, ICLR, or ICML within the last two years
* PhD or Masters in Computer Science or a related field

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$264,800—$331,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
