---
title: Security Engineer, Infrastructure
status: active
id: '4646888005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4646888005
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:29:00-04:00'
date: '2026-01-12T12:35:59-05:00'
location: New York, NY; San Francisco, CA; Seattle, WA; Washington, DC
departments:
- Horizontals EPD
offices:
- New York, NY
- San Francisco, CA
- Seattle, WA
- Washington, DC
---

We are seeking a highly skilled Infrastructure Security Engineer to join our team. This role is integral to ensuring the security and integrity of our platform. You will be responsible for securing large cloud environments, orchestrating and securing various compute clusters, and reviewing infrastructure as code. Your expertise in cloud security, infrastructure automation, and advanced security practices will be essential in maintaining and enhancing our security posture.

You will:

* Secure infrastructure across large cloud hosting providers (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP).
* Implement and maintain robust security configurations and policies for cloud environments.
* Conduct regular security assessments and audits of infrastructure to identify vulnerabilities and areas for improvement.
* Develop and enforce security best practices for infrastructure automation and orchestration.
* Collaborate with DeveloperExperience, IT, and product teams to integrate security into all stages of the infrastructure lifecycle.
* Review and secure infrastructure as code (e.g., Terraform, CloudFormation).
* Educate and mentor team members on infrastructure security best practices and emerging threats.

Ideally, you’d have:

* Proven experience as a Security Engineer with a focus on product security.
* Proficiency in NodeJS, TypeScript, and Kubernetes.
* Experience with orchestrating and securing GPU clusters.
* Proficiency in infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform and CloudFormation.
* Excellent communication skills, with the ability to clearly explain technical concepts and their implications to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Demonstrated ability to influence security strategies and drive improvements within an organization.
* Relevant security certifications (e.g., AWS Certified Security Specialty, Certified Cloud Security Professional) are a plus.
* Experience in a senior or lead security role is preferred.

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$237,600—$297,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
