---
title: Senior Software Engineer - Internal Tools & Productivity
status: active
id: '4654897005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4654897005
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:29:01-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T12:59:18-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA
departments:
- IT
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

Scale AI is hiring a highly skilled Senior Software Engineer to help design, build, and operate secure, scalable infrastructure that empowers our employees to do their best work. You’ll join a creative, fast-moving, solutions-oriented group that architects and implements automation across identity and access management, endpoint management, and our broader SaaS stack. The ideal candidate will leverage various in-house and external models/platforms to build applications, slackbots, and dashboards for internal users, and streamline complex workflows through automation. This role will play a major role in elevating the overall velocity of all G&A teams at the organization.

**The Impact You Will Have**

* As a full stack engineer (60% BE / 40% FE), you will work with your team to build amazing tools/applications for internal company use as well as external customers/partners
* You will design, develop, test, and support full-stack applications on cloud-native distributed systems
* You will build real-time integrations with SaaS platforms across the organization
* You will build a quality framework/unit tests that ensure product quality, performance, and load and are able to debug/identify system issues
* You will collaborate with the broader teams, engage in engineering council, conduct code reviews, and improve our delivery process
* Collaborate with the IAM team to manage cloud-based identity (Okta) and access controls, ensuring compliance with security policies and standards for internal applications.
* Work heavily cross-functionally to identify areas for corporate technology service improvement and implement self-service solutions.

**What We Look For**

* 5+ years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or equivalent work experience.
* Proficiency with UI frameworks such as React or Angular and HTML, CSS, Typescript, etc
* Proficiency with backend technologies, including API development, databases, and privacy permissions. Ex. Go, Python, PostgreSQL and GraphQL
* Experience with end-to-end testing and documentation
* Experience developing secure, scalable, and resilient applications on the cloud that handle sensitive data
* Experience with cloud technologies, e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP, Docker, or Kubernetes
* Familiarity with compliance frameworks such as SOC 2, ISO 27001, FedRAMP, and NIST.

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of San Francisco is:

$216,000—$270,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
