---
title: '[Annotations] Operations Program Manager'
status: active
id: '4655240005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4655240005
lastmod: '2026-06-25T16:55:28-04:00'
date: '2026-02-17T19:13:23-05:00'
location: Mexico City, MX
departments:
- Physical AI Operations
offices:
- Mexico City, MX
---

Scale AI sits at the forefront of enabling machine learning for advanced robotics systems. As an Operations Program Manager focused on data creation for robotics models, you will design and execute the solutions, tools, and processes that power high-quality training data at scale. You’ll ensure precise, timely delivery of datasets that drive perception, manipulation, and autonomous decision-making in robotic platforms. With rapid growth, new customer onboarding, and continual product innovation, we face both strategic questions and hands-on operational challenges—your contributions will be key to solving them.

You will be part of a highly motivated team of operators and collaborators who will ensure steady delivery and customer satisfaction. You are relentless in driving stellar results, running pilots, tests, and experiments, then handing over new designs to a team of skilled operators.

The blend of operations, process improvement, and cross-functional leadership make this a unique and exciting role that will provide an opportunity to work with multiple teams (e.g., Engineering, Marketing, Operations, Analytics, and several others) across the company and around the globe.

### **You will:**

* Drive some of our most critical operational processes
* Improve existing processes and tools globally
* Collaborate with stakeholders to improve processes for new and existing customers
* Create an effective feedback loop between the frontline, product, strategy, and customers
* Build, maintain, and regularly communicate detailed reporting for other leaders across the company who will use your team's data to inform their own operations and strategy

### **Ideally you'd have:**

* Industry experience in supply chain, finance planning, in an operational role and/or in a top tier consulting firm
* An undergraduate degree from a top university in an analytics heavy major (e.g., Engineering or Economics) and/or a graduate degree from a top university in Engineering, Economics, or Business
* Experience leading day to day activities and improving processes
* An action oriented mindset that balances creative problem solving with the desire to run through walls to deliver outcomes
* Analytical, planning, and process improvement capability

### **Nice to haves:**

* Experience with reading SQL and/or another database language
* Experience with Python and/or Mode Notepad scripting

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
