---
title: Senior Corporate Accountant
status: active
id: '4663533005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4663533005
lastmod: '2026-05-27T16:47:46-04:00'
date: '2026-03-06T15:21:54-05:00'
location: San Francisco, CA
departments:
- CFO Team
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

Scale AI is seeking a highly motivated Senior Accountant to join our growing accounting team and assist in preparing day to day corporate accounting operations, supporting the month end close process, and helping to implement systems and processes that will support Scale as we continue to grow. You will also gain exposure to working with our international entities as we continue our expansion globally, working on some of the highest value aspects of the busienss.

The ideal candidate thrives in a high-growth start-up, is detail-oriented, and has excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Additionally, the candidate has demonstrated the ability to build scalable cross-functional relationships through systems and process implementation. We hope you will join our team!

**You Will:**

* Prepare journal entries and day to day corporate accounting activities, support the month end close process, and provide timely and accurate month-end close financials that are U.S. GAAP compliant
* Build or enhance balance sheet account reconciliation workpaper including reviewing and performing some clean-up of historical reconciliations and related balances
* Collaborate within Accounting and Finance teams on metrics, flux analysis, forecast, and projections and support preparation of the monthly reporting package
* Prepare documents supporting internal and external audits and ensure the successful completion of those audits
* Support the implementation of new systems, tools, and processes to streamline close and build scalable solutions to support the growth of the Company
* Identify and drive process improvements to gain efficiencies and reduce close timeline
* Develop, maintain and improve internal controls which relate to assigned areas

## **Ideally You Have:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Accounting; CPA or in the process of working towards one.
* 3+ years of relevant accounting experience; Combination of public accounting (Big 4 strongly preferred) and industry experience (start-up through to becoming a public Company experience a plus)
* Strong knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SOX
* Experience with general ledger functions and the month end/year end close process is strongly preferred
* Experience with financial audit preparation is strongly preferred
* Proven proficiency of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, etc); must be highly proficient in Excel
* Excellent writing, oral communication, analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills with a high attention to detail
* Excellent problem solving skills; project management experience a plus, ability to work in a fast pace environment

**Nice to Haves:**

* Direct accounting experience for any/all of the following areas: accruals, investment, internally use software, ASC 842 leases, cloud computing arrangement, stock-based compensation and/or consolidation and Fx.
* Proficiency in SQL, NetSuite, FloQast, Coupa and Jira considered a plus

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$92,000—$120,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
