---
title: Solutions Engineer (Clearance Required)
status: active
id: '4663481005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4663481005
lastmod: '2026-05-26T19:29:01-04:00'
date: '2026-02-17T15:22:53-05:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Public Sector
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Our customer base is growing exponentially, and you will be on the front lines of ensuring that the world's most innovative companies become passionate, lifelong, Scale customers. Our Solutions Engineers ensure customers' first experiences with Scale's technology are flawless and lead to a successful long-term partnership. The work will vary daily, and we’re looking for technical experts excited to solve tough problems. As a solution engineer, you will be a part of helping shape our early-stage federal business by re-envisioning our commercial product offerings for our federal clients.

**What you'll do:**

* Become an expert on the end-to-ends of Scale Products
* Create tailored demonstrations and collateral for federal stakeholders at both the executive and analyst level.
* Partner with Scale Account Executives to deliver customer pilots according to requirements agreed by the customer.
* Integrate and ingest a variety of external datasets to solve government use cases.
* Interact with customers on a day-to-day basis to understand their pain points and design solutions
* Work with internal product and engineering teams to turn customer requirements into Scale capabilities
* Understand public sector mission sets and strategic objectives to better showcase Scales products.

**Ideally you'd have:**

* Strong engineering background, preferably in computer science, mathematics, or other quantitative fields
* Strong communication skills - ability to interact with both technical and non-technical customers at all levels
* At ease with technology, able to quickly pick up new tech stacks and troubleshoot
* Previous experience working with Public Sector customers - our business is diverse and growing across both National Security and Federal Civilian communities.
* Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python, Javascript/Typescript, Bash scripts, or programming languages.
* A strong desire to roll up your sleeves and help build a business in an extremely fast-paced environment
* **Active US Government Security Clearance (TS / SCI required)**
* Based in the Washington, DC area or willing to relocate
* Background working in AI/ML, particularly Generative AI and Large Language Models

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of Washington DC is:

$186,400—$233,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
