---
title: Field Marketing & Events Lead, Public Sector
status: active
id: '4670010005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4670010005
lastmod: '2026-07-23T11:59:35-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T13:28:29-05:00'
location: New York, NY; Washington, DC
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

At Scale, we believe that AI will dramatically improve the world, and our mission is to accelerate the development of AI. As Scale continues to build and develop its field marketing and event program within the public sector space, we are looking for an Events & Field Marketing Manager to support our U.S. Federal Government team in their event and field marketing initiatives including but not limited to third-party trade show sponsorships, Scale hosted executive events, Scale hosted practitioner events and meetups, and our annual flagship AI Leadership Summit. This role will also work closely with our commercial business units and enterprise customers.

You will join a rapidly growing team with the opportunity to manage and execute events from start to finish, drive lead generation and pipeline growth, and plan event programming with the largest names in AI. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of the U.S. Federal Government markets, strong project management skills, a strategic mindset, and a passion for public sector work.

**You will:**

* Execute all planning and logistics for all federal executive dinners, meetups, happy hours, and sponsored trade shows
* Establish event activities in line with sales goals and deal acceleration, prioritizing goals from the Federal team leadership and Business Development team on event location and audience
* Manage contractor relationships including event production firms and outside vendors, and event budgets
* Align with growth marketing on marketing campaigns and marketing qualified lead (MQL) reporting
* Track event campaign performance, measuring ROI, results, and metrics through Salesforce
* Own all aspects of Scale’s annual hosted federal conferences
* Support the AI Governance and Policy portion of Scale’s annual AI Leadership Summit, including content, speaker logistics, agenda, and overall in-person and remote event experience
* Support Scale’s annual presence at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland
* Interface with external executives and their teams in order to secure speakers and support their presentation planning for Scale hosted events and conferences
* Willingness to travel up to 50%

**Ideally you’d have:**

* Minimum 8+ years experience in event marketing or event management with Federal marketing
* Experience managing large scale events, end to end
* Ability to manage and multi-task on multiple projects and events while liaising across internal teams with multiple stakeholders
* Impeccable attention to detail and proactive approach to troubleshooting
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills - you will be interfacing with the world’s leading executives and their teams

**Nice to have:**

* Experience with Hubspot, Salesforce, and Outreach
* Collaborative and positive attitude, with ability to work across teams including with executive leadership and external executives
* Community experience a plus

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$158,400—$198,000 USD

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of Washington DC, Texas, Colorado, Hawaii is:

$142,400—$178,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
