---
title: DevOps Engineer, Infrastructure & Security
status: active
id: '4674863005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4674863005
lastmod: '2026-07-15T18:35:36-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T17:34:04-04:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Public Sector Engineering
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

As Scale's product portfolio and customer base expand, we are seeking skilled **DevOps Engineers, Public Sector** to be at the forefront of building out and enhancing our CI/CD pipelines. You will play a crucial role in streamlining our Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) through collaborative efforts, moving us from a state of manual, disparate deployments to a more unified and automated system.

These engineers will gain a deep understanding of our core products' architecture and composition, enabling them to effectively deploy and manage these systems when needed. A critical aspect of this role will be seamlessly integrating various machine learning (ML) tasks and updates into our SDLC, transforming currently separate ML components into a cohesive and automated workflow. While direct ML expertise is not required, a desire to learn and integrate ML components into the lifecycle is essential.

**Must have:**

* **At least an active TS/SCI clearance and the ability & willingness to up level to CI Poly. This is a requirement and candidates will not be considered who do not hold at least a TS/SCI clearance.**

**You will:**

* Design, develop, and maintain robust CI/CD pipelines to automate the deployment of our lowside and highside products.
* Collaborate closely with product and engineering teams to enhance existing application code for improved compatibility and streamlined integration within automated pipelines.
* Contribute to the overall architecture and design of our deployment systems, bringing new ideas to life for increased efficiency and reliability.
* Troubleshoot and resolve complex deployment issues, ensuring minimal disruption to development cycles.
* Develop a deep understanding of our product and ML architectures to facilitate seamless integration and deployment.
* Document pipeline processes and configurations to ensure maintainability and knowledge transfer.
* Proactively incorporate security best practices into all stages of the CI/CD pipeline, building security into our development processes.
* Drive standardization and foster collaboration across different product teams to achieve a unified and efficient SDLC.

**Ideally you'd have:**

* 2-3 years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, DevSecOps Engineer, Software Engineer with a strong focus on CI/CD, or a similar role.
* Proven track record of building or significantly enhancing CI/CD pipelines.
* Experience configuring and adapting application code to integrate seamlessly with evolving CI/CD environments.
* Experience working fluently with standard containerization & deployment technologies like Kubernetes, Terraform, Docker, etc.
* Familiarity with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP).
* Strong proficiency in scripting and automation (e.g., Python, Bash, PowerShell).
* Familiarity with various CI/CD platforms (e.g., Jenkins, GitLab CI, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps).
* Knowledge of software architecture, system design, and version control systems.
* Comfort with rapidly changing, fast-paced environments and a passion for finding automated solutions to complex problems.
* Basic understanding of security best practices in software development and an eagerness to integrate them.
* A hunger for learning new technologies, particularly in the realm of integrating ML into automated workflows.
* Strong problem-solving, analytical, collaboration, and communication skills.

**Nice to haves:**

* Experience with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
* Exposure to machine learning lifecycles or MLOps concepts.
* Prior experience in classified environments.

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$198,400—$311,000 USD

The base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of Hawaii, Washington DC, Texas, Colorado is:

$178,400—$279,000 USD

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of St. Louis is:

$148,800—$233,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
