---
title: Director, Enterprise Machine Learning & Research
status: active
id: '4679727005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4679727005
lastmod: '2026-05-29T13:43:16-04:00'
date: '2026-03-31T14:05:38-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA; New York, NY
departments:
- Enterprise Engineering
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

The Enterprise ML team works on the front lines of the AI revolution, partnering deeply with customers to identify high-impact business problems and build cutting-edge AI systems using Scale’s proprietary research, data, and infrastructure—unlocking domain expertise through high-quality data and expert feedback.

As Director of Enterprise ML, you will lead a world-class team of research scientists and engineers, define the research roadmap, and drive execution from early prototyping to deployment. You’ll thrive in a fast-moving environment, balancing deep technical leadership with people management, vision setting, and delivery.

This role is ideal for a leader who thrives in ambiguity, understands both frontier GenAI capabilities and their limitations, and is motivated by turning research into durable, production-ready systems.

**What You’ll Do**

* Lead, mentor and grow a team of research scientists and engineers working on GenAI research initiatives (e.g., evaluation, post-training, agents, RL environments).
* Define and drive a multi-year research roadmap: identify key scientific questions, set milestones, allocate resources, and ensure rigorous execution.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, product, client-facing teams and external academic or industry partners to translate research into components, insights, and actionable outcomes.
* Communicate compellingly: publish research, present at conferences, engage in open-source contributions, and represent the team externally.
* Drive an inclusive, high-performing culture: help your team through technical challenges, provide growth opportunities, and attract top talent.
* Stay deeply connected to the research community, understanding major trends, and helping set them.
* Thrive in a high-energy, fast-paced startup environment and are ready to dedicate the time and effort needed to drive impactful results.

**What We’re Looking For**

Core Qualifications

* 8+ years of hands-on research experience (PhD or equivalent preferred) in machine learning, deep learning, generative models, agent/rl systems or related domains.
* A strong track record of research excellence, including publications in top-tier ML/AI venues (NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, ACL, etc.).
* Experience and track of recording in landing major research impacts in a fast-paced environment
* Experience leading or managing research teams. You’re excited to mentor, coach and develop talent.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills. You are able to articulate research ideas and outcomes to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to influence executives, customers, and cross-functional partners

Nice to Have

* Hands-on experience building and deploying agent-based, tool-augmented, or workflow-driven LLM systems in enterprise environments
* Prior ownership of enterprise AI platforms, internal ML products, or customer-facing AI services at scale
* Proven track record of partnering directly with enterprises to identify high-impact use cases and deliver measurable business outcomes

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$289,800—$362,250 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
