---
title: Strategic Projects Lead - Coding
status: active
id: '4695258005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4695258005
lastmod: '2026-05-14T14:23:04-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T14:23:04-04:00'
location: India
departments:
- Gen AI Operations
offices:
- India
---

Scale’s Generative AI business unit is currently seeing historic levels of growth. As a Strategic Projects Lead (SPL), you will lead initiatives that will drive $XXM+ in new revenue for the business. This is a demanding role, and as an SPL, you should be prepared to wear many hats across all dimensions of Operations. The ideal SPL should have a strong entrepreneurial mindset, be comfortable getting into the weeds, and be excited about intense, impactful work that leads to accelerated career progression.

**You will:**

* Serve as the full owner of our most visible and high impact customer pipelines, making decisions that directly impact data quality, operational efficiency, revenue, and margins

+ Understand customer requirements and design data taxonomy best suited to improving model performance based on customer needs
+ Build out pipeline infrastructure to ensure quality and efficiency
+ Train, coach, and manage dynamic and global teams
+ Build analytics to make data-driven decisions

* Partner with diverse stakeholders (Engineering + Product + Ops + Go-to-Market) to work on problems that will drive advancements for the largest LLMs in the world
* Give regular progress updates to Scale’s executive team

**You Will Have:**

* A strong technical background is required for this position. For example, a degree in Machine Learning Engineering, Computer Science, or Software Engineering. The role requires the ability to do data analytics using SQL, Python, and a high proficiency in understanding Software Engineering processes
* 3+ years of experience leading a team/projects, managing operational processes, or 3+ years of experience as a SWE
* Strong problem-solving capabilities in technical environments - ability to come up with creative solutions to complex, ambiguous, operational, and technical problems
* Entrepreneurial experience and mindset - you are excited about building things from scratch and can identify issues and execute quickly

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
