---
title: Associate General Counsel, Product & IP
status: active
id: '4702785005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4702785005
lastmod: '2026-06-04T12:36:32-04:00'
date: '2026-06-04T12:36:32-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA
departments:
- Legal & GRC
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

Scale is at the forefront of powering artificial intelligence. We believe that trust in AI is earned with high-quality data for training, fine-tuning, and evaluating AI systems. Our products are transforming how organizations build and deploy AI. Our customers are the world’s most innovative model developers and enterprise and public sector entities looking to apply AI in their organizations.

We are seeking an Associate General Counsel, Product & IP to provide strategic product counseling on cutting edge issues at the intersection of IP and agentic and generative AI. The ideal candidate for this role will have experience harnessing IP as a competitive advantage; providing strategic legal guidance that advances data-driven business goals while facilitating regulatory compliance, managing legal risk, and enhancing customer trust; and a demonstrated ability to partner well with cross-functional teams, including superlative communication, collaborative problem-solving, initiative, empathy, urgency, and focus.

### **You will:**

* Oversee and strategically manage Scale’s worldwide intellectual property portfolio.
* Develop and implement a comprehensive IP strategy that aligns with Scale’s business objectives, ensuring the development and protection of high-quality intellectual property.
* Oversee invention sessions, invention disclosure selection, patent application drafting and filing, and patent prosecution.
* Be a subject matter expert–for both business partners and the Legal team–on US and global intellectual property laws.
* Work hands-on with business and product teams to ensure that intellectual property protection is embedded into Scale’s products and processes by design and to implement best-in-class compliance.
* Develop creative solutions, in partnership with Legal and Product stakeholders, for how legal frameworks can support new products and customer experiences.
* Support the drafting and negotiation of commercial agreements at the cutting edge of intellectual property and AI.
* Help advance the General Counsel’s and Product Legal team’s strategic vision across the company.

### **Ideally you'd have:**

* At least 8+ years of experience in-house and at a top law firm, ideally both managing at least a portion of an IP portfolio and product counseling.
* Ability to think strategically at a high-level and from deep in the details, in order to drive complex problem solving and develop creative, business-forward solutions.
* Ability to calibrate risk, distinguish business from legal risk, and communicate it clearly to executive, business, and technical audiences.
* A roll-up-your-sleeves attitude to tackle projects large and small with a low-ego approach to collaborating across the organization.
* Deep interest in artificial intelligence, generative AI, and machine learning technology and applications.
* Excellent organizational and communication skills.
* JD and a member of the California in good standing.

### **Nice to haves:**

* Experience in preparing and prosecuting patent applications in artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies.

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$264,800—$331,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
