---
title: Site Security Manager, Industrial Security
status: active
id: '4704483005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4704483005
lastmod: '2026-06-11T10:08:41-04:00'
date: '2026-06-10T21:06:33-04:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- CFO Team
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Scale is at the forefront of powering artificial intelligence. We believe that trust in AI is earned with high-quality data for training, fine-tuning, and evaluating AI systems. Our products are transforming how organizations build and deploy AI. Our customers are the world’s most innovative model developers and enterprise and public sector entities looking to apply AI in their organizations and institutions.

We're looking for a Site Security Manager who will play a vital role in supporting industrial security, physical security and program support. The ideal candidate brings strategic and operational experience, a security-first mindset, and a willingness to engage directly with customers, employees and stakeholders. If you're excited by ensuring the integrity and protection of national security, we invite you to apply.

Site Security Manager will report to the Industrial Security team with close collaboration with Physical Security, Workplace, and cross-functional teams to support the Public Sector security strategy for Scale.

* Oversee the construction, modification, and expansion of SCIFs in accordance with ICD 705 and TEMPEST requirements.
* Work closely with engineering, architecture, and general contracting teams to ensure all physical security requirements are implemented effectively and efficiently
* Ensure the SCIF meets or exceeds all requirements under ICD 705, ICD 705-1 (Physical and Technical Security Standards), and ICD 705-2 (Technical Specifications)
* Experience managing the SCIF accreditation lifecycle: initial accreditation, interim accreditation, re-accreditation, and de-accreditation
* Implement and enforce Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for SCIF operations
* Familiarity with the Cognizant Security Authority (CSA) and Accrediting Official (AO) relationship, including how to prepare documentation packages, coordinate inspections, and manage waivers.
* Support all aspects of personnel security management in working directly with government partners to ensure compliance
* Responsible for mandatory USG reporting as it relates to our personnel, facility, and insider threat programs
* Maintain COMSEC material accountability
* Proficiency in implementing and maintaining access controls, visitor management systems, and security documentation in accordance with national security protocols
* Provide ongoing training and guidance to ensure adherence to classified material handling and facility protocols
* Experience maintaining the Fixed Facility Checklist and SCIF repository reporting requirements.
* Investigate and report security incidents, violations, and anomalies to the FSO/ITPSO in accordance with Scale AI's Insider Threat Program Plan and NISPOM requirements

**Ideally you'd have:**

* Active U.S. Top Secret clearance, and willingness to obtain a TS/SCI
* Minimum 3+ years of experience managing or operating a SCIF or similar classified facility
* Familiarity with USG information systems, such as DISS, NBIS, NISS, SWFT, e-App
* ICD-705 Certification
* Must be able to support work 3 days a week from the office
* Working knowledge of ICD 705, NISPOM (32 CFR Part 117), and related Intelligence Community directives
* Familiarity with Intrusion Detection Systems, access control systems, and TEMPEST requirements
* Experience with government security databases (e.g., DISS, NISS, Scattered Castles)

**Nice to haves:**

* Excellent written and verbal communication- able to align with security strategy, IT and executive teams
* Strong understanding of physical security principles and classified information handling procedures
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to provide clear technical instructions to non-technical individuals
* Sound judgment and discretion in handling sensitive security matters
* FSO Program Management for Possessing Facilities certification
* Ability to respond to after-hours alarms or security incidents as needed

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of Washington DC is:

$148,000—$222,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
