---
title: Engagement Manager (Intelligence Community Lead), Public Sector
status: active
id: '4714087005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4714087005
lastmod: '2026-07-20T14:25:37-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T12:20:46-04:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Public Sector Operations
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Scale AI is at the forefront of the AI revolution, helping the U.S. government unlock the potential of AI across national security missions. We’re building enterprise-grade generative AI solutions and delivering them into operational use cases that matter.

We’re hiring an Engagement Manager (Intelligence Community Lead) lead to spearhead contract execution for a critical national security customer. As a leader within our Public Sector Delivery team, you will own the account plan, manage day-to-day execution for a flagship customer, and ensure an incredible customer experience. You are the ultimate all-rounder, a hybrid customer success, people influencer, and technical program manager. This role is ideal for someone who blends program leadership, technical fluency, and contract awareness — and who thrives in fast-moving, ambiguous, and mission-driven environments.

**You will:**

* Manage customer relationships from the executive to the end user
* Work alongside national security & intelligence community  customers to support genAI data workflows
* Lead a cross-functional project team to deliver on and exceed the customer's AI/ML objectives
* Lead with a “whatever-it-takes” mentality, proactively identifying customer needs and operator pain points to ensure customer success
* Oversee onboarding and successful implementation of customer accounts

**Must haves:**

* An active TS/SCI clearance with full-scope polygraph (FSP)
* 10+ years of work experience succeeding in stakeholder management or customer-facing role
* Familiarity with the U.S. intelligence community and national security apparatus as a user base
* A basic understanding of the ML operations process including processes underpinning GenAI data labeling, training, and test & evaluation
* A track record of structured, analytics-driven problem solving
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* High cross-functional influence and EQ
* Willingness to be onsite with a customer in vicinity of Northern Virginia 3+ days per week and able to travel at least 25% of the time (as needed)

**We have a diverse team with a variety of skill sets, many have:**

* Professional experience, often in a customer-facing technical program management role in industry or government.
* Prior experience managing technical customers
* A technical degree in computer science, engineering, or related field
* Prior experience owning the technical implementation of solutions to the government
* Proficiency in Python, SQL or other programming languages

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of Washington DC is:

$232,800—$291,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
