---
title: Executive Assistant
status: active
id: '4717642005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4717642005
lastmod: '2026-07-23T09:54:56-04:00'
date: '2026-07-23T09:54:56-04:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Public Sector Operations
offices:
- Washington, DC
---

Scale AI is seeking a highly skilled Executive Assistant based in Washington, DC to support the General Manager and VP of Engineering of Public Sector in their day to day role, plus ad-hoc support to the Public Sector LT team. This role is crucial in ensuring smooth operations and effective communication both internally and externally. This person will quickly learn each executive's working style and preferences, act autonomously or with little direction, and respond quickly when priorities change.

**What You’ll Do**

* Manage complex calendars and schedules for the team, including coordinating meetings, track travel and manage requests, and prioritizing commitments with team members
* Book travel including flights, accommodation and transportation
* Manage bookings for client meals, events, and similar requests
* Act as a primary point of contact for internal and external stakeholders, including clients, partners, and government ministries
* Building strong relationships with key EAs and Chiefs of Staff of priority customers
* Handle high-level administrative tasks such as email management, expenses, document preparation and team administration
* Coordinate and plan internal team events, off-site meetings, and company initiatives
* Manage any high priority / VIP meetings, guest visits, etc.
* Plan and run team social events, keeping the events varied and within set budgets
* Manage confidential information with utmost discretion and professionalism

**Qualifications**

* 5+ years of experience as an executive assistant in a fast-paced environment, preferably in the tech or AI industry
* Exceptional organizational and time-management skills
* Strong communication skills, both written and spoken
* Proficiency in office productivity tools and ability to learn new software quickly
* Experience in building and managing relationships with high-level external stakeholders, including government officials
* Ability to work flexibly and adapt to changing priorities with multiple stakeholders involved

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of Washington DC is:

$109,700—$137,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
