---
title: Government Contracts Manager
status: active
id: '4045284005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4045284005?gh_jid=4045284005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2022-07-29T18:48:04-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Washington D.C.
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for an experienced and motivated government contracts professional to join our Legal team. The Legal team provides legal, contracts, and compliance support to our Business verticals across various industries. You will support our Defense vertical’s rapid growth, as Applied Intuition continues to bring cutting edge dual-use solutions to the Department of Defense, U.S. defense industry partners, and international defense customers. You will work cross-functionally with Business Development, Engineering, Program Management, Finance, and Product teams. You will provide your expertise in proposal development, contracting, FAR/DFARS compliance, and overall go-to-market strategies to help our Defense business expand its impact in serving defense customers.

## **At Applied, you will:**

* Provide cradle-to-grave contract support during entire lifecycle of government contracts, including pre-solicitation planning, proposal development, contract negotiations, contract execution compliance, and close-out
* Negotiate NDAs and Teaming Agreements with teaming partners
* Manage subcontractor and supplier contractual relationships
* Manage relationships with contracting officers and teaming partner contractual representatives
* Provide contractual guidance for business obligations
* Support and lead the development of cost and price buildups
* Build, implement, and oversee compliance programs as needed

## **We’re looking for someone who has:**

* Action-oriented mindset with exceptional organizational and communication skills
* Desire to be the linchpin that can shepherd a deal from the idea stage to contract award
* Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field
* 5+ years of experience as a government contracts professional within the U.S. government and/or private industry
* Experience in developing and implementing pricing strategies
* Experience with contract management for a diverse range of contract types (e.g., FFP, T&M, CPFF) and contract vehicles (FAR based contracts, Other Transaction Authority (OTA), subcontracts, software licenses, GSA schedules)
* An active security clearance, or the ability to obtain one

## **Nice to have:**

* Experience at a defense technology company that sells software and/or hardware
* Experience with contract management related to Department of Defense programs
* Experience with contract management for sales to international defense customers
* Exposure to U.S. export controls compliance (e.g., ITAR)

## **Security Requirements:**

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must hold or be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.state.gov/securityclearances).

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $150,000 - $225,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
