---
title: Software Engineer - Planning
status: active
id: '4045247005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4045247005?gh_jid=4045247005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2022-07-29T18:51:35-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- SDS Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Hear from an Engineer:

## About the role

We are looking for a software engineer with expertise in motion planning for autonomous vehicles or mobile robots. Among your responsibilities will be the development of planning modules that can provide traversable, kinematically-feasible trajectories for a vehicle to follow in various onroad autonomy use cases. The modules you develop must be high performance and state-of-the-art due to critical timing constraints and the need to generalize in diverse ODDs (operational design domains).

In addition to your engineering contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the nascent autonomy industry. We move fast and focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making autonomous systems a reality, Applied Intuition is the place for you!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop state-of-the-art onroad behavior software and leverage ML components to achieve highway and city driving
* Design and implement planning modules that can be deployed on onroad vehicles for autonomous navigation
* Leverage lightweight map data (SD maps) and the outputs of a perception system to determine driving costs to use for planning
* Deploy your planning modules to production hardware and test on the road
* Collaborate with customers’ engineers and manage customer relationships

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or related field
* 3+ years of experience building production software using modern software practices
* Experience developing planning solutions for autonomous vehicles or other mobile robots
* Fluency in writing modern, high-performance C++ code
* Experience shipping code for robotics or autonomous vehicles
* A passion for tackling challenging planning problems involving a wide array of vehicles
* Enthusiasm for coming up with practical solutions to cutting-edge challenges in a fast-paced environment, and building towards an end-to-end strategy

## Nice to have:

* A MSc or PhD in computer science or applied mathematics with coursework or research experience in planning
* Experience writing safety-critical C++ software
* Hands-on experience developing and testing planning algorithms on an autonomous vehicle

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $245,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
