---
title: Senior Software Engineer - Data Infrastructure
status: active
id: '4045138005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4045138005?gh_jid=4045138005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2022-07-29T18:50:01-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Data Engineering Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for infrastructure engineers with expertise in scaling open-source data infrastructure to join the Data & ML infra group. This role will work across the entire data lifecycle (collection, ingestion, storage, querying, retrieval) and work directly with all business units across the company to design and develop both external and internal products. Handling massive volumes of data for Applied Intuition's platform needs is a critical area and we are looking for someone who can be hands-on in supporting our data products and verticals across the company. At Applied Intuition, we encourage all engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, closely interact with external and internal users to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Scale infrastructure to support all deployment types (cloud, hybrid, on-prem) and across regions
* Be involved in the end to end data lifecycle, from the external-facing product to the underlying platform and infrastructure for it
* Build features to tune processing pipeline for fast data ingestion and indexing depending on customer's needs and workloads
* Enable product workflows that expose performant query interfaces and offer easy-to-use integration hooks
* Develop and deploy high-quality software using modern tooling and frameworks, especially open-source technologies

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent
* 3+ years of professional experience
* Experience with large-scale open source data technologies (Spark, Kafka, Hudi, Flyte, etc.)
* Experience with containerization and other modern software development workflows
* Knowledge of the open source landscape with judgment on when to choose open source versus build in-house

## **Nice to have:**

* Expertise with modern programming languages (Python, C++, GoLang, Scala, etc.)
* Experience with other open-source data technologies not listed above
* Expertise with Kubernetes
* Experience with enterprise software, including on-prem and/or cloud environments
* Deep knowledge of data quality, data profiling and cleansing techniques

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $153,000 - $222,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
