---
title: Software Engineer - Cloud Infrastructure
status: active
id: '4045252005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4045252005?gh_jid=4045252005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2022-07-29T18:52:11-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Infrastructure & Platform Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

Modern autonomous system development is heavily reliant on daily, realistic, and large scale simulations to test constant software changes. Join our cloud platform team to ensure we're building efficient and reliable systems for managing these large-scale workloads.

As a cloud infrastructure engineer you'll be improving the development and deployment of our large-scale simulation infrastructure. The compute and data generation scale of our product workloads pushes the boundaries of standard cluster deployments, and you'll be at the forefront of helping build out and ensure reliability of this system. All while ensuring the deployment infrastructure is interoperable with various custom autonomy software and infrastructure used across the world.

You will work closely across the entirety of the engineering team to ensure the operational success of our backend and a variety of customer deployments. At Applied Intuition, we encourage all engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, interact closely with users to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Create and implement best practices for deploying and maintaining software for multiple customers across all three major cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) with minimal downtime and high reliability
* Monitor Applied Intuition software on deployed machines and architect solutions to any bottlenecks that are encountered
* Improve developer efficiency by building internal tooling and optimizing our CI/CD systems

## We're looking for someone who has:

* A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent
* 3+ years of experience in a software engineering role working on infrastructure, monitoring, or a large scale software product
* 3+ years of coding experience from shell scripting (e.g., Bash) to higher-level languages (e.g., Python, C++)
* Experience with microservice orchestration frameworks such as Kubernetes
* Experience in the following: Golang, Python, Java, React, and C++
* Experience working with containerized systems (e.g., Docker)

## Nice to have:

* Experience utilizing open source tooling
* Experience with deploying software on either public clouds (e.g., AWS) or on-premise clusters

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $126,000 - $186,000 USD annually. 

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
