---
title: Account Manager (J-OEM)
status: active
id: '4060957005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4060957005?gh_jid=4060957005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2023-01-05T13:34:21-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About Tokyo**

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 61 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

## **About the role**

Our Account Managers serve in a sales position responsible for developing, leading, and managing the business within a target list of automotive and robotics organizations.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Engage new and existing customer base to explain how Applied Intuition’s infrastructure software tools and services can accelerate AV development
* Proactively and efficiently manage the deployment of resources with dedicated teams, virtual teams, and executive staff in support of business opportunities to ensure successful customer outcomes
* Manage complex enterprise sales campaigns across large enterprise customers
* Develop existing customers and new customer prospects
* Demonstrate advancement of customer relationships
* Create and execute quarterly and annual business plans
* Travel to pursue customer opportunities as required worldwide

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* Experience selling complex technologies to automotive customers in Japan
* An entrepreneurial spirit and collaborative mindset
* Experience selling in the Automotive or engineering space is a plus
* Strategic customer development experience
* Good executive presence, communication skills, and credibility
* Japanese and English fluency

## Benefits and Perks:

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Equity (RSU) offering
* English / Japanese language allowance
* Company sponsored housing program
* Pension plan (確定拠出年金)
* Fitness & Learning allowance

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
