---
title: Model Based Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '4085454005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4085454005?gh_jid=4085454005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2022-08-29T20:10:14-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Vehicle OS Systems Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Meet our systems engineers!

Our systems engineers provide definition and structure to the challenging nature of developing safe, reliable autonomous systems. They are involved in every step of the development process, from conceptualization to deployment. Hear from some of our system engineers to learn what brought them to Applied Intuition and what’s kept them here.

## About the role

We are looking for a Systems Engineer with strong robotics and software expertise. This engineer will create and manage the system requirements for the software and hardware requirements of a new Applied Intuition product. This engineer will play a critical role in shaping the technical direction of this new project with strategic importance to Applied Intuition.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Monitor and manage full system-level requirements for the overall built system and ensure that the system meets the intended requirements
* Create system requirements and subsystem requirements and define system bounds, capabilities, and functional features
* Convert customer needs into system requirements and devise operational objectives for the system as a whole
* Monitor and manage validation and verification of requirements at the system and subsystem level
* Derive features from customer user journeys and use Cameo to build, maintain and analyze functional and logical architecture
* Ensure traceability of system artifacts across User Journeys, Features, System requirements, Subsystem requirements and test cases
* Work with developers on a daily basis to provide guidance on technical implementation to ensure the actual design is as close as possible to the intended design

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 2+ years of experience with systems engineering involving system requirements, functional decomposition and allocation, analysis, and verification
* 2+ years of experience involving Model Based Systems Engineering approaches, methods, and techniques
* Extensive experience working with SysML and Cameo in Automotive, defense or aerospace industry
* Experience testing real-world systems with sensors and production-level hardware and compute
* Experience with requirements validation and verification for subsystems as well as integrated system level components

## Nice to have:

* Previous experience in a customer facing role
* Experience in both initial requirements and final system validation
* Experience in mechanical, electrical, and software engineering
* Strong project management skills to make sure that the project deliverables are on track

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $118,000 - $230,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
