---
title: Recruiter (Japan & Korea)
status: active
id: '4091552005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4091552005?gh_jid=4091552005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2023-08-29T14:28:03-04:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Recruiting
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 70 employees who previously come from Google, Woven, LG, Samsung and other renowned companies.

## 

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Partner with key business and engineering leaders in expanding Applied Intuition's presence in Japan and Korea
* Independently manage and lead full-lifecycle recruiting workload for various roles in sales, engineering and general administration
* Learn how to utilize AI tools to improve productivity
* Travel to HQ for initial onboarding and training

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Strong desire to work for a high growth start up company
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Japanese and English

## Nice to have:

* Korean language proficiency
* Agency and in house experience

## What we offer:

* Benefits: health insurance, pension, 401K, language allowance
* Perks: lunch and dinner, fitness and education allowances
* RSU
* Environment to work with smart people. Many of us previously come from Google, Stanford, Berkeley and MIT

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
