---
title: Marketing Manager
status: active
id: '4340250005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4340250005?gh_jid=4340250005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2023-11-16T21:04:27-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

As a Marketing Manager, you’ll shape how the world understands our brand and products, driving Applied Intuition’s position as the leader in physical AI.

Bringing go-to-market experience, strategic rigor, creative judgement, and a curious mind, you'll help lead and execute marketing programs that drive business impact and build Applied Intuition's brand with customers, talent, investors, and press.

You'll join and learn from a fast-paced, high-performing team—marketers, designers, creative directors, writers, and producers— and work closely with engineers at the forefront of AI and the industries that move our world: automotive, trucking, mining, construction, defense, and agriculture.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Support and lead marketing activities, collaborating closely across the marketing team, cross-functional stakeholders, and external customers and partners
* Help define and shape how Applied Intuition shows up across industries, reinforcing our leadership in physical AI and connecting our story to broader customer and market needs
* Work with internal writers, designers, and producers to develop and execute content across the full marketing mix — including multi-channel campaigns, video, blogs, press, social media, case studies, and events
* Set campaign goals, analyze performance, and use insights to optimize future programs and drive measurable impact
* Stay on top of market trends, industry dynamics, and competitor activity to inform strategy and maintain a differentiated brand perspective

## We’re looking for someone who has:

* 3+ years of tech marketing experience
* Experience building and executing multi-channel marketing activities
* Strong project management skills and the ability to run multiple workstreams effectively
* Deep interest in AI and experience using AI tools in their work
* Passion to learn about the diverse industries Applied Intuition serves
* Clear, confident communication across diverse stakeholders
* Experience translating complex ideas into clear, compelling marketing narratives

Nice to have:

* Master’s degree from a top-tier program
* B2B marketing experience
* Experience working on tech brands or at tech companies

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $120,000 - $190,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
