---
title: Hardware Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '4368658005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4368658005?gh_jid=4368658005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-02-22T17:52:55-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Vehicle System Integration
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for an **Hardware Integration Engineer** to work directly with our hardware team on the buildout, testing, maintenance and improving our utilization rate of the ﬂeet. Through your daily interactions with all aspects of the self-driving system, you will be the lead technical reference for the system. You will work directly with our hardware engineers, engineering technicians, operators and safety drivers.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Be the subject matter expert for Applied’s autonomous vehicles by building a deep familiarity with all aspects of the system.
* Provide vehicle integration support across the organization by designing, prototyping, and installing proof-of-concept systems and sensors under evaluation.
* Lead and support the vehicle from the build-out phase through delivery to our operations team, including ﬁnal bring-up and shakedown testing
* Design and build test benches to validate mechanical, electrical, embedded and software systems.
* Develop and own documentation as it relates to vehicle integration.
* Troubleshooting the vehicles systems, computer components and sensors performing root cause analysis
* Working to minimize vehicle downtime while focused on safety
* Able to work independently on high level dynamically evolving challenges

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* Bachelor of Science in mechanical, electrical or related ﬁeld
* 1+ years technical experience in mechanical, electrical, computer, automotive or the robotics industry
* Experience working with AV Components Lidars, Radars, Camera et
* Previous experience with low volume manufacturing in automotive or robotics industry
* Proven ability to read and understand electrical schematics, datasheets
* Experience with documenting and maintaining detailed assembly procedures
* Experience using shop equipment, 3D printers, automotive diagnostic tools
* Familiarity with CAD (or SolidWorks) design process is a plus
* CNC, Machining, Metal Working and Welding experience
* Experience with Automotive Repair and Maintenance

## **Nice to have:**

* Familiarity with Python or other programming languages
* Familiarity with ROS and Linux OS
* Familiarity with programming microcontrollers/microprocessors

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $118,000 - $201,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
