---
title: Software Engineer - Calibration
status: active
id: '4373450005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4373450005?gh_jid=4373450005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-08-20T20:25:59-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- SDS Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a software engineer with expertise in calibration systems for autonomous vehicles or mobile robots. Your contributions will focus on designing and building a calibration pipeline for a growing fleet of vehicles. You will contribute towards a critical foundational piece of our AV program by ensuring that every vehicle is able to leverage a multi-sensor, multi-modal representation of the world to navigate through it. In this role you will exercise engineering excellence to unlock both developer and production workflows at scale.

In addition to your engineering contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the nascent autonomy industry. We move fast and we focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making autonomous systems a reality, Applied is the place for you!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Implement a software pipeline which enables calibration of sensor intrinsic and extrinsic parameters for a variety of vehicles of different sensor configurations
* Design processes to manage the lifecycle and deployment of calibrations besides operations around data collection, processing and evaluation
* Work across teams, interface closely with and contribute to the core calibration algorithm team at Applied
* Have an opportunity to build state-of-the-art algorithms for both offline calibration in the factory / lab and online calibration to account for sensor variation due to temperature or other on-road and off-road conditions
* Enable sensor fusion and work with a variety of sensors including Camera, Lidar, Radar, IMU, GNSS, and more
* Drive an excellent product experience by designing a user-friendly Calibration procedure, as well as exposure of online Calibration status through HMI integration

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 2+ years of experience building software components or (sub) systems that address practical engineering challenges
* Hands-on experience with one or more domain relevant algorithm, software framework or tools, such as calibration, middleware, benchmarking suites, data sets and related pipelines, or algorithmic libraries
* C++ and/or Python programming expertise
* Willingness to learn and be a self starter, and can quickly become comfortable with new technical tools
* Passion for turning their software development expertise into solving real-world applications of autonomous system

## Nice to have:

* MSc in calibration, state-estimation, optimization, or closely related field
* Understanding of the core calibration concepts, world representations and transforms, optimization, the intersection of perception and state-estimation, and noise characteristics of various sensors
* Experience doing hands-on work in relevant state-of-the-art offline and online calibration algorithms, and experience with both early and late stage sensor fusion for state estimation.
* Understanding of inertial and perception sensors, state of the art industry solutions, and common approaches for production systems
* Experience building and shipping software frameworks or tools that are used by others than the authors of the framework

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $180,000 - $250,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
