---
title: Engineering Technician
status: active
id: '4405829005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4405829005?gh_jid=4405829005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-04-09T01:01:50-04:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Vehicle Operations
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, Tesla, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota and other renowned companies.

## **About the role**

We are seeking a highly motivated and detail-oriented **Engineering Technician** to join our team. This hands-on role will play a crucial part in supporting the design, buildout, testing, and maintenance of our test rigs and platforms. At Applied Intuition, we encourage engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Support vehicle buildout following schematics for hardware and electrical systems
* Installing assembling sensors, compute, structural support equipment
* Troubleshoot vehicle systems, computer components, and sensors, performing root cause analysis and calibration
* Manage an inventory system for all components and lab supplies, maintaining organization and efficiency
* Manage the procurement process for key components and maintain relationships with key suppliers
* Work collaboratively to minimize vehicle downtime while prioritizing safety and performance

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* Must have 国家2級自動車整備士 or above
* 5+ years of technical experience in mechanical, electrical, computer, automotive, or robotics industries
* Proven ability to assemble prototypes, electrical wiring, and cable assemblies according to engineering instructions
* Strong understanding of electrical schematics and datasheets, ensuring accurate interpretation and implementation
* Experience documenting and maintaining detailed assembly procedures for clarity and future reference
* Enthusiasm for learning new technologies and thriving in a fast-paced environment
* Strong organization and communication skills, effectively collaborating with team members and maintaining an accurate inventory system
* Reviewing of vehicle modifications will be conducted in relation to the Japanese safety regulations (保安基準)
* Commercial truck maintenance/repair experience
* Practical experience as a certified vehicle inspector (自動車検査員)

## **Nice to have:**

* Familiarity with Python or other programming languages, enhancing troubleshooting and automation capabilities
* Understanding of ROS and Linux operating systems, contributing to software integration and testing activities
* Knowledge of automotive repair and maintenance, providing additional problem-solving expertise
* Practical experience with AV components like LiDARs, radars, and cameras, ensuring comprehensive understanding of the vehicle systems
* Ability to design, draw, and prototype custom harness cables, contributing to innovative solutions
* Familiarity with CAD software (Solidworks preferred) for navigating, designing, or modifying 3D models

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
