---
title: Technical Program Manager - Defense
status: active
id: '4412650005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4412650005?gh_jid=4412650005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-04-24T16:15:21-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Washington D.C.
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a Technical Program Manager in the D.C. area (we offer relocation) to help architect, manage complex projects, identify gaps, and implement best practices for customers. This position will involve intense collaboration with subject matter experts within Applied Intuition and the the defense customer on a technical level in order to implement solutions for customer pain points.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Execute projects as the single point of contact, track progress, and ensure successful completion of all the milestones, metrics, and final deliverables
* Continuously engage customers to understand further pain points and areas for more project engagements
* Provide regular touch points with Applied Intuition's internal teams to update on customer use cases and workflows that our current software solutions do not yet provide a solution for
* Evaluate project timings with customers and adjust resource needs for customer pursuits based on their requirements and feedback discussion
* Lead pursuits from customer RFQ release and create a detailed technical proposal by engaging all of the subject matter experts within Applied Intuition

## We're looking for someone who has:

* US citizenship, able to obtain a security clearance
* 3+ years of industry experience leveraging data and technical knowledge to support software programs
* A Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Electronics, Data engineering, Computer Science or related fields
* Familiarity with the DOD autonomy ecosystem
* Hands-on experience managing complex projects
* Ability to travel to customer site (25%)

## Nice to have:

* Active secret or top secret clearance
* Experience working directly with DOD clients supporting DOD software use cases
* Familiarity with the various data management and simulation providers available in the market and understands their advantages and disadvantages
* Hands-on experience with data or simulation software used for autonomy
* Knowledge in both software and hardware aspects of software development and testing such as high-performance computing and realtime test systems

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $140,000 to $185,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
