---
title: Product Manager - Vehicle OS
status: active
id: '4428064005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4428064005?gh_jid=4428064005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-06-04T14:50:14-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Vehicle OS
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Meet our product managers!

Product managers help drive innovation, bridge communication between engineers and customers, and guide product strategy to bring successful solutions to market. Hear firsthand what brought some of our product managers to Applied Intuition and what’s unique about their roles.

## About the role

Applied is looking for a Product Manager who is passionate about building products in the Autonomous Vehicle industry. This is an important role where you will own a product end-to-end and will drive both the product strategy and execution.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Define platform products based on deep understanding of the markets, anticipate customer use cases, and time to market
* Develop differentiated value proposition in the market, focused on customers
* Collaborate closely with engineering to implement the product, helping them to focus on impactful deliverables, through effective prioritization and exceeding customer expectations
* Manage complete product lifecycle from discovery to delivery, realizing business outcome of the product
* Collaborate with business development team and marketing to define the customer pitches, engagement models, go-to-market positioning & strategy and pricing model through the sales process
* Regularly interact with customers to gather feedback and ensure that it is incorporated in the product

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 5+ years experience in Product Management position in a top tech company or high growth startup
* Experience in successfully launching products, preferably involving both software and hardware
* Strong technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in software development
* MS/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent required
* Ability to manage all aspects of a successful product throughout its lifecycle
* Ambitious personality with a drive to execute and win
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills

## Nice to have:

* Master’s degree from a top program to develop the foundation of strong technical knowledge for product management
* Previous founder who can grasp quickly when there is a product market fit
* Exposure to hypergrowth at a startup from Series A to IPO
* Prior experience in developing products for automotive applications
* Knowledge of embedded technology areas, with exposure to hardware elements as microprocessor / microcontrollers, peripherals, connectivity or any other hardware aspect

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $252,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
