---
title: Embedded Software Engineer - Core OS
status: active
id: '4430714005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4430714005?gh_jid=4430714005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-11-01T15:17:15-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Onboard Software
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## [**Meet our engineers on the Vehicle OS team!**](https://resource.applied.co/one-pagers/coreos)

Vehicle OS is a flexible suite of products that help vehicle manufacturers develop, deploy, and update complete vehicle software and AI applications. This is one of the fastest growing projects here at Applied, and we are seeking exceptional talent to drive execution.

## About the role

We are looking for senior software engineers with expertise in developing embedded software applications on production computers to build the next-generation vehicle platform! It is a unique opportunity to work on challenging engineering problems while being part of a fast-moving team.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Architect and develop highly reliable embedded software
* Integrate vendor components into a common software framework, ensuring proper low-level communication (e.g., CAN, LIN, I2C, SPI, UART etc.)
* Implement real-time operating system (RTOS) applications as required for the product
* Drive custom in-vehicle infotainment device solutions
* Implement best practices in embedded AOSP development, HAL customization, and Android middleware, including maintenance and security
* Develop and customize Linux-based Android services, embedded services, and Android applications for compatibility across various Android versions and devices
* Work with cross-functional teams to bring up custom software on new devices, productionize it, and manage the process for maintaining company products

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 3+ years of experience working on embedded devices
* BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field
* Strong background in embedded software development using C/C++ and assembly languages
* Hands-on experience with Android Board Support Package (BSP), Android middleware, HAL customization and maintenance
* Advanced software debugging skills, with a strong focus on low-level hardware debugging to ensure full system operation, and debugging Android Native Crashes, system crashes, and Android middleware (Drivers, HAL, Libraries, Framework)
* Experience developing software for complex embedded systems and custom SoCs, with expertise in peripheral interfaces like UART, SPI, CSI-2, I2C, GPIO, USB, and PCIe

## Nice to have:

* Prior experience in developing on-vehicle technology
* Ability to work with safety-critical robotic systems with real-time constraints
* Proficiency in embedded systems testing, with experience enhancing automated test frameworks
* Experience in creating Android device builds to support Android system development, RTOS and middleware applications, and strong knowledge of writing, modifying, and maintaining Linux services under SELinux
* Proven ability to design, integrate, and deliver code into production environments within aggressive timelines

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $171,000 - $264,000 USD annually. 

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
