---
title: Embedded Security Engineer
status: active
id: '4434973005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4434973005?gh_jid=4434973005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-06-19T00:47:16-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Cybersecurity
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

Applied is looking for a multifaceted Embedded Security Engineer who can evangelize embedded security.  This position requires a broad set of security skills to improve our vehicle platform’s embedded security architecture and will lead implementation across multiple platforms.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Assess and guide security for existing and new products
* Lead efforts in establishing and maintaining secure boot processes for embedded devices, ensuring the integrity and authenticity of firmware and software components during boot-up sequences.
* Collaborate with hardware engineers to integrate and manage HSM solutions within embedded systems, ensuring robust encryption, key management, and secure cryptographic operations.
* Work closely with cross-functional teams, including software developers, hardware engineers, quality assurance, and product management, to integrate security into the entire product development lifecycle.

## We're looking for someone who has:

* MS/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent
* 5+ years of experience in product or cybersecurity security engineering role
* Expertise in secure boot processes, HSM integration, and BSP maintenance for embedded devices.
* Strong understanding of cryptographic principles, protocols, and algorithms
* Expertise in programming languages commonly used in embedded systems development (e.g., C, C++, Python)
* Familiarity with industry-standard security frameworks, protocols, and compliance requirements (e.g., FIPS 140-2, Common Criteria)

## Nice to have:

* Proven experience working with automotive embedded systems, including Electronic Control Units (ECUs), in-vehicle networks (e.g., CAN, LIN, Ethernet), and automotive-specific protocols (e.g., AUTOSAR)
* Familiarity with automotive security standards and guidelines such as ISO/SAE 21434, UNECE WP.29, and the Automotive Cybersecurity Best Practices published by organizations like SAE International and Auto-ISAC
* Knowledge of vehicle diagnostics protocols (e.g., OBD-II, UDS) and Over-The-Air (OTA) update mechanisms used in automotive embedded systems, including security considerations for remote software updates and maintenance

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $150,000 - $242,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
