---
title: Triage Engineer
status: active
id: '4434952005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4434952005?gh_jid=4434952005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-06-18T23:57:17-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Software Quality Operations
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a Triage Engineer who will play a crucial role in ensuring the reliability and performance of automotive products through verification processes. Ideal candidates for this position must have experience with system and sub-system level analysis, verification and validation methodologies, and cross team collaboration across software, testing and project management groups. Different from a traditional Software Quality Assurance (SQA) role, this position uniquely cross-cuts across “testing and operations” functions on the right half of the V-model and “software development and systems / safety requirements” functions on the left half of the V-model. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in automotive engineering and proficiency in simulation tools.

In addition to your testing contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the automotive industry. We move fast and we focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making automotive systems a reality, Applied Intuition is the place for you!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Synthesize test output data analysis in relation to the systems engineering and safety requirements for the expected AV behavior
* Triage drive data failures, try to reproduce them in simulation, and properly re-assign to the correct functional owner and development team
* Partner closely with the software development teams to maintain a rapport for rapid and iterative feedback loop

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Bachelor's or higher degree in Engineering such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Robotics highly preferred; or at least four years of equivalent knowledge and work experience
* 2+ years of professional experience working on safety critical and complex systems such as Robotics, Autonomous Vehicles, Automotive, or Aerospace Technologies
* Experience with software engineering concepts, including requirements analysis, source control, build processes, design reviews
* Experience with Linux and scripting languages (E.g: Bash/Shell, Python)
* Experience using issue tracking and configuration management tools (E.g: Atlassian Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket, Git)
* Strong troubleshooting, debugging, and analytical and creative problem solving skills

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $90,000 - $150,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
