---
title: Security Engineer (Purple Team)
status: active
id: '4435584005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4435584005?gh_jid=4435584005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-06-20T15:46:54-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Cybersecurity
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Meet our engineers on the Vehicle OS team!

Vehicle OS is a flexible suite of products that help vehicle manufacturers develop, deploy, and update complete vehicle software and AI applications. Learn more about what the team is building, the team culture, and why it’s one of the most exciting projects at Applied Intuition.

## About the role

Applied is looking for a multifaceted Product Security Engineer, Purple Team member, who can play a crucial role in ensuring the security and integrity of our products, particularly focusing on our Vehicle OS, Self Driving Systems, and Over-The-Air (OTA) and remote command center backend systems. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, primarily playing the role of offensive security engineer and recommending defensive techniques to enhance the security of our products.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Review, assess, and audit vehicle software platform code to identify security vulnerabilities using automated tests and tooling.
* Lead security verification and validation (V&V) initiatives and serve as the point of contact for all security V&V activities.
* Set up benches for penetration tests and risk assessments in an automotive environment.
* Take a hands-on approach to security by implementing fixes for identified vulnerabilities where appropriate, while coordinating with core software teams to drive long-term remediation of high-impact issues.
* Help in designing a secure vehicle software platform, connected vehicle architecture, and connected autonomous vehicles architecture.
* Conduct hands-on security testing and perform risk assessments to prioritize security bugs and threats.
* Compare mitigation strategies and prioritize mitigation efforts based on the risk.
* Work with Applied's different business units to develop secure automotive products (Vehicle OS, SDS) in line with ISO 21434 process requirements and UN R155 technical specifications.
* Work with software, security, and system & safety engineering to implement, identify, and advance security at Applied Intuition.
* Work with Applied's customers to deliver secure automotive products.

## We're looking for someone who has:

* A good understanding of embedded systems and how software interacts with hardware.
* Strong experience in penetration testing or hands-on security assessment of embedded systems.
* Good technical knowledge of **Linux or QNX internals**.
* Security expertise in one or more of the following: C, C++, x86, ARM, cryptography, or exploit development.
* Experience with network security(firewall configurations, ssh authentication).
* Proficiency in programming with **C/C++** or **Python**.
* A solid understanding of hardware security primitives, including secure boot, key management, and cryptographic accelerators.
* Experience with security tooling, including vulnerability databases and automated fuzzing frameworks (e.g., AFL, libFuzzer, or specialized automotive tools).
* Proficiency in code auditing and vulnerability research using both manual and automated testing tools.
* Experience performing formal risk assessments and the ability to prioritize mitigations based on risk levels.
* The ability to act as a technical lead and coordinate security projects between internal teams and external customers.

## Nice to have:

* Experience in an automotive security environment and familiarity with protocols like CAN, Automotive Ethernet, and UDS.
* Understanding of automotive chips (SoCs/MCUs) and hardware security principles.
* Familiarity with automotive standards such as ISO 21434 and UN R155.
* Knowledge of Android Security or other embedded operating systems.
* Background in securing Hardware Security Modules (HSM) and Trusted Execution Environments (TEE).

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $150,000 - $220,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
