---
title: 'Autonomous Vehicle Test Engineer '
status: active
id: '4466953005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4466953005?gh_jid=4466953005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-08-28T18:43:02-04:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Vehicle Operations
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in the Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 40 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

We are continuing to look for experienced and motivated talents across the world to come join our Tokyo team! We are open to considering anyone interested in pursuing a career at Applied Intuition Tokyo office.

## About the role

We are looking for a System Test Engineer who will play a crucial role in ensuring the reliability and performance of automotive products through verification processes. This position involves designing test plans for driving capabilities to be executed in-vehicle on test tracks and on public roads. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in automotive engineering and previous experience in verification of autonomous vehicles or advanced driver assistance systems.

In addition to your testing contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the automotive industry. We move fast and we focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making automotive systems a reality, Applied is the place for you!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Collaborate with system development teams to understand system requirements and define appropriate test cases for vehicle-in-the-loop and in-vehicle tests
* Design test cases and test procedures to ensure comprehensive coverage
* Analyze test results, identify issues, and work with engineering teams to troubleshoot and resolve problems
* Contribute to the overall release recommendations based on test results
* Organize and execute field testing and test track testing campaigns to evaluate the performance of the system

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Proficiency in testing methodologies, tools, and processes related to systems in automotive, robotics, or IT
* Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting skills
* Strong communication and collaboration abilities, with experience working in cross-functional teams
* Passion for bringing a complex system of software and hardware components to a production-ready state
* 2+ years of experience creating and executing test plans for software and hardware systems

## Nice to have:

* Previous experience in V&V at an autonomous vehicle company

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
