---
title: 'Application Engineer - Postsales '
status: active
id: '4479440005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4479440005?gh_jid=4479440005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-10-01T15:44:44-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Application Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

Global, all levels of experience

We are looking for bright engineers interested in helping our customers solve complex technical issues related to Applied’s products. Our Postsales Engineers have a unique mix of software expertise, domain knowledge, and execution driven mindset. Using these skills, our engineers work closely with autonomy developers to ensure that Applied’s products are providing maximum impact to advance customers autonomy initiatives. This is an important role for the company bringing together our product and engineering expertise with our customer-centric culture.  

Responsible for: Office hours, Level 1 support, Bug reports, Feature requests, TPMing customer issues

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Run office hours and first line support for customers
* Manage requests from customer teams to ensure they are getting maximum value from Applied’s products
* Lead workstreams to support groups of users in customer engagements

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Experience in interacting with end-customers as an application engineer or a developer
* An acute attention to detail and an execution focused mindset
* Proficiency in debugging and working with Python/C++/Linux
* Experience in QA and wants to grow their customer facing and engineering skills
* Strong communication skills and focus on solving customer problems

## Nice to have:

* Experience working with automotive OEMs or suppliers
* Prior work in autonomous vehicle or robotics development domains
* Prior work in software simulation
* Experience with simulation software tooling

*Autonomy is one of the leading technological advances of this century that will come to impact our lives. The work you’ll do at Applied will meaningfully accelerate the efforts of the top autonomy teams in the world. At Applied, you will have a unique perspective on the development of cutting edge technology while working with major players across the industry and the globe.*

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $105,000 - $165,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
