---
title: Global Sourcing Manager (Defense Procurement)
status: active
id: '4482907005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4482907005?gh_jid=4482907005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-10-15T19:34:08-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Finance
offices:
- Washington D.C.
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for high-impact procurement professionals who thrive in rapidly evolving environments where speed and communication are critical. Procurement Managers drive successful commodity sourcing strategies with a long-term view, developing relationships across industries to establish a strong supplier foundation. This role requires intense internal collaboration to deliver results that meet key business, technical, cost, and schedule requirements.

Procurement Managers own short- and long-term deal structuring, maximizing the value of an engagement across cost, contract, and product. This role will evolve alongside the state of artificial intelligence in the Procurement industry, as new tools shape the way we engage with key systems and stakeholders.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Develop a long-term strategy and secure cross-functional buy-in
* Create and execute RFx strategies
* Lead strategic sourcing for the "Physical AI" stack, including high-performance GPU clusters, edge-compute modules, and specialized sensors (LiDAR, thermal, and radio) required for autonomous defense platforms
* Partner with Engineering from the "breadboard" prototyping phase to ensure that selected hardware components meet the SWaP-C (Size, Weight, Power, and Cost) requirements of ruggedized defense
* Develop processes in compliance with FAR, DFARS, and corporate policies
* Ensure readiness and compliance for DCMA Purchasing System Reviews (CPSR)
* Build strong relationships while negotiating with industry-leading suppliers
* Reduce cost and increase value
* Manage internally and externally by influence
* Lead process improvement projects to maximize efficiency of impact

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* 10+ years in strategic sourcing, commodity management, global supply management, or similar field
* 2+ years leading Physical AI or Robotics Commodity Procurement: Proven experience sourcing high-performance compute (GPUs/FPGA), edge-processing units, or advanced sensing suites (LiDAR, Radar, EO/IR).
* Expertise with FAR, DFARS, DCMA audits, and CPSR
* Strong sense of urgency and a strategic mindset
* Insatiable curiosity and a keen attention to detail
* Highly efficient executive-level communication skills
* Exceptional negotiation skills
* Ability to cut through ambiguity to make concrete and sound decisions
* Thorough understanding of complex contract structures
* Ability to rapidly prioritize and execute in a fast-paced environment
* Experience in DoD, aerospace, and/or defense contracting environments
* Bachelor’s Degree in supply chain, finance, business, or similar field

## **Nice to have:**

* MBA
* Experience with the Google suite of tools (e.g. Google Sheets, Google Docs)
* Experience using Slack on a professional level
* Experience working in a rapidly evolving startup environment

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $160,000 - $210,000 USD annually. 

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
