---
title: Validation Engineer
status: active
id: '4491412005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4491412005?gh_jid=4491412005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2024-12-05T17:26:09-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Validation Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a skilled Validation Engineer to join our team. This role involves validating system requirements, developing and executing test cases, and working cross-functionally with our systems engineering and development teams.  This is a unique opportunity to work on challenging engineering problems while ensuring we maintain a high standard for safety and quality in our product.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design, develop, and execute test cases derived from system requirements using HIL test benches, Lab Cars, and manual vehicle testing
* Perform system and integration testing across key automotive subsystems, including infotainment, telematics, cameras, sensors, and in‑vehicle networking
* Set up, configure, and maintain HIL test environments to validate system functionality and performanc
* Analyze test failures, perform root cause analysis, and collaborate with engineering teams to debug and resolve issues efficiently
* Work closely with OEM partners, supporting integration of OEM functions and communicating test results, risks, and issues clearly
* Conduct hands‑on validation testing on vehicles and prototypes to ensure all functional and safety requirements are met
* Develop and maintain Python-based test automation scripts to improve test coverage, repeatability, and efficiency
* Document test procedures, results, and findings, including issue tracking and failure analysis

## We’re looking for someone who has:

* 2+ years of hands-on experience in validation engineering within the automotive, embedded systems, or electronics industries
* Proficiency with HIL systems and experience in validating automotive systems, such as infotainment, ADAS, telematics, sensors, and networking
* Experience coding in Python (preferred) or another coding language for test automation and script development
* Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills with the ability to identify, root cause, and resolve system-level failures
* Ability to document test procedures, results, and progress clearly and accurately, including issue tracking and test failure analysis
* Bachelors in Computer Science, Engineering or any equivalent majors

## Nice to have:

* Experience with automotive network architectures and protocols (e.g., CAN, Ethernet, LIN, Flexray, etc.) and the ability to validate system-level performance
* Hands-on experience with Vector CANoe, dSPACE ControlDesk etc. for automotive system validation and testing
* Experience with prototype system bring-up, debugging, and validation in both lab and vehicle environments
* Familiarity with test automation frameworks, particularly for automotive systems, and experience developing robust automated tests
* An innate curiosity to optimize testing processes and improve efficiency through better scripting, automation, and tools

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $140,000 - $200,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
