---
title: System Safety Engineer, Autonomy Trucking
status: active
id: '4496715005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4496715005?gh_jid=4496715005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:59:28-04:00'
date: '2024-11-15T17:01:09-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- SDS Systems Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Hear from our Engineers

## About the role

We are looking for a System Safety Engineer with automotive background in ADAS and/or autonomous driving. This engineer will define and manage the safety architecture and requirements for both autonomy software and hardware. This engineer will play a critical role in shaping the technical direction of this project in the automotive industry space.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Derive and manage safety concepts, requirements and specifications for autonomy software and hardware for L4 SDS product line
* Lead efforts for development of safety architecture
* Perform safety analysis such as FMEA, FTA, STPA and derive relevant safety work and products
* Work with verification and validation to ensure requirements are being verified throughout the development process
* Contribute to the overall safety case of the final product
* Promote a culture of safety within the organization and provide training and guidance on safety practices
* Monitor and report on safety performance, and implement continuous improvement measures
* Provide clear goals for all areas of a project and develop steps to oversee their timely execution so that requirements can be met

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 2+ years of experience in a System Safety Engineering role or Functional Safety Engineering role
* MS/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Systems Engineering or equivalent required
* Expertise in mechanical, electrical, and software engineering
* Experience with ADAS,  autonomous systems and robotics
* Knowledge of existing standards and regulations relevant in the automotive industry, esp. ISO 26262, ISO 21448, ISO/DPAS 8800, UL4600 and ongoing activities with regards to ML and safety
* Experience with driving safety requirements across the V model from architecture to requirements generation, implementation and verification and validaiton
* Mastery of strong collaboration with other teams, customers, and companies to ensure high quality deliverables

## Nice to have:

* Prior work in either autonomous vehicles or ADAS
* Understanding of metrics and how to tie evidence to a safety case
* Project management and leadership experience in the AV industry
* Experience in the AV and robotics fields
* Experience with the safety of ML systems

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $118,000 - $250,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
