---
title: Director of Government Affairs
status: active
id: '4510143005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4510143005?gh_jid=4510143005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:58:20-04:00'
date: '2024-12-18T17:15:16-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Washington D.C.
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for a Director of Government Affairs to join our fast-growing Government Team. You will develop and execute legislative strategies, shape strategic communications, and manage engagements in Congressional and Executive branches. Duties will include shaping and monitoring legislation related to autonomy and AI in defense, developing positions and responses to policy and appropriations, and representing the company in front of key policymakers.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Develop, maintain, and build networks of relationships with Members of Congress and Congressional staff on relevant Appropriations and Authorization Committees and Subcommittees
* Shape federal legislative priorities, political strategy, and policy development; understand business priorities, growth opportunities and potential risks to inform policy objectives
* Work closely with Applied’s business development teams, external government affairs consultants, associations, and industry partners
* Draft legislative language, policy briefings and presentations, hearing testimony, and position papers
* Build coalitions across interest groups for trusted autonomy
* Monitor and analyze federal legislative proposals
* Partner with cross-functional leaders to ensure successful completion across any special projects

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* 5-10 years of Capitol Hill, federal government, and/or issue advocacy experience
* Familiarity with federal legislative landscape and Appropriations/Authorization processes
* Expertise in defense, national security, autonomy, and/or emerging technologies
* Established bipartisan relationships with relevant Congressional offices and committees
* Ability to prioritize and multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment
* Strong organizational skills and highly detail-oriented
* Proven track record of execution
* A sense of humor

## **Nice to have:**

* 1-3 years of lobbying experience
* “Can-do” attitude–no task is too small
* Graduate degree with a focus on legislative process, technology, and/or national security
* Technical background, particularly related to autonomy or artificial intelligence

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is:  $150,000 to $250,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
