---
title: Senior Software Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '4513894005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4513894005?gh_jid=4513894005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-01-07T21:21:44-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Vehicle System Integration
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

The role includes software application development and integrations work (embedded applications, cloud, and UI) for customer projects within VehicleOS group. The customer applications team takes all internal team’s vertical development, including but not limited to hardware, firmware, core operating systems, middleware, infotainment, cloud — and integrates the Vehicle OS onto customer specific applications / platforms, making Vehicle OS and Vehicles do useful things together.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Deliver full-system, application-level software features spanning both software and hardware in C/C++, meeting customer requirements
* Directly interact with the customers to identify the target use-cases, then manage the project to complete the integration
* Develop end-to-end software integrations in C/C++, including applications such as: Matrix headlight control, Smart vehicle access via mobile app integration, In-car voice assistant functionality, etc.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with hardware and electrical teams to develop and deploy systems that enable custom software feature integration for intelligent vehicles
* Design and bring up test rigs for end-to-end system testing and on-vehicle validation
* Debug, test, and troubleshoot integrations between various software components to ensure reliability and system performance

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 3+ years of experience in software integration or software development
* Bachelor's Degree or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related area
* Deep understanding of electronic systems and how how to setup and debug them
* Strong development experience in C/C++ and testing software applications
* Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals and software engineering
* Familiarity with Linux development and Bash scripting

## Nice to have:

* Experience in the automotive industry and working with automotive technologies, including CAN, LIN, Ethernet, Simulink, AUTOSAR, etc
* Experience interacting with customers to deliver projects that meet their requirements
* Experience developing software for large projects (CI/CD, release process, etc)
* Familiarity with developing software for embedded systems
* Skills in other adjacent areas (CAD/3D printing, PCB design, etc)

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: **$180,000 - $250,000 USD annually.**

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
