---
title: Software Engineer - Validation Toolset
status: active
id: '4519423005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4519423005?gh_jid=4519423005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-01-21T13:39:44-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Autonomy Tooling Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Meet our software engineers!

Meet some of our software engineers who are shaping the future of autonomy and delivering world-class solutions helping customers shorten time to market. Hear about what brought them to Applied Intuition, what’s kept them interested, and their advice to potential candidates.

## About the role

We are looking for a software engineer excited about delivering cutting-edge automotive validation products with a tight customer feedback loop. This role will work across all parts of validation (systems traceability, data ingestion and KPI visualization, coverage analysis, ML-based failure finding). We are looking for someone who can be hands-on in supporting both our external as well as our internal customers across other functions within the company. At Applied Intuition, we encourage all engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, closely interact with external and internal users to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Build and deploy high-quality software that will be used by customers across all deployment types (cloud, hybrid, on-prem) using modern tooling and frameworks
* Drive the end to end product lifecycle, from the external-facing product to the underlying schemas and infrastructure
* Build features to enable customers to perform software-driven validation including a unified data layer for systems models, test case orchestration, safety case management, and KPI analysis
* Enable customers to define and measure coverage of their autonomous systems and dynamically failure-find within the state space using machine learning techniques
* Design and scale data systems to performantly ingest millions of simulation data points daily and support high-speed querying and visualization through interactive data workflows
* Work with internal teams to deliver software to support the teams’ validation workflows

## We're looking for someone who has:

* At least 3-6 years of industry experience
* Experience with data modeling for customer workflows
* Experience with containerization and other modern software development workflows
* Expertise with modern programming languages (Python, GoLang, ReactJS etc.)

## Nice to have:

* Expertise in the field of validation for autonomous vehicles
* Experience with Kubernetes
* Experience delivering enterprise software, including on-prem and/or cloud environments
* Expertise in tooling from major cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP)

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $222,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
