---
title: Machine Learning Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4532553005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4532553005?gh_jid=4532553005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-10-23T04:18:58-04:00'
location: Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany
departments:
- SDS Software Engineering
offices:
- Stuttgart
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for software engineers with expertise in ML-first perception, prediction or planning for autonomous vehicles or mobile robots. Your contributions will focus on building out key ML capabilities of an autonomous vehicle stack.

In addition to your engineering contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the autonomy industry. We move fast and focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making autonomous systems a reality, Applied Intuition is the place for you!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design and implement capabilities and workflows for cutting-edge real-world perception or planning/prediction systems
* Leverage established products at Applied Intuition to build the software and infrastructure foundation for our ML developments

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Experience with the end-to-end development cycle of deep learning models
* Expertise in subdomains such as modeling, input pipelines, evaluation, deployment, and model optimization
* 3+ years of experience building production software using modern software practices
* Fluency in C++, or fluency in Python with intermediate experience in C++
* Deep understanding of the concepts and methods behind any frameworks or libraries that they worked with
* Experience working with production level ML and DL perception algorithms for autonomous vehicles

## Nice to have:

* MSc or PhD in machine learning, ideally applied to perception, prediction,planning or closely related field
* Experience building and shipping software frameworks or tools
* Experience with driver assistance or autonomous driving systems
* Experience in evaluating and improving system-in-the-loop model performance
* Deep hands-on expertise in relevant algorithms or methods, such as non-linear optimization, computational geometry, numerical analysis, or distributed systems

## **Benefits and** **perks**

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Fitness (600 USD) and learning stipends (1,000 USD) annually
* Stock options

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
