---
title: Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '4537878005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4537878005?gh_jid=4537878005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-03-10T06:41:10-04:00'
location: Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany
departments:
- SDS Systems Engineering
offices:
- Stuttgart
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for a Systems Engineer with automotive background in ADAS and/or autonomous driving. This engineer will play a critical role in shaping the technical direction of the project and will be driving the entire system engineering workflow. This engineer will work tightly embedded within a team of exceptional system and software engineers.

In addition to your engineering contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the autonomy industry. We move fast and focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making autonomous systems a reality, Applied Intuition is the place for you!

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Drive the entire system engineering workflow: defining and managing system requirements, generating safety concepts and implementing a V&V strategy, with focus on Active Safety Functions or Parking
* Assure structured & fast progress towards an automotive series-release, by measuring and tracking KPIs over a vast set of digital tests and a very large real world data set.
* This will supercharged by using Applied Intuition’s [simulation and data tools](https://www.appliedintuition.com/tools-for-vehicle-intelligence) , allowing you to keep an eye on condensed high-level KPI, while intuitively digging into the details of every single test, all guided from one unified web frontend
* Unfold existing standards and regulations into the whole development process, deriving functional requirements, defining & setting test cases from regulations and voluntary assessments like NCAP
* Have direct customer contacts and exposure
* Have an unparalleled opportunity to work at one of the highest paced silicon valley companies, learn & grow with a world class team, and contribute to the growth of our SDS solutions in Europe and for our European customers

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* Previous experience bringing safety critical ADAS functions all the way into series-release
* 4+ years of experience in a system engineering role responsible for owning system requirements, testing systems for verification & validation and designing safety critical systems in the automotive industry
* Experience with world-wide regulation and standards relevant for driver assistance
* Knowledge and deep understanding of architectural design of ADAS/AD systems , incl good understanding of more recent & novel end-to-end architectures
* Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter and can quickly become comfortable with new technical concepts and tools
* Strong collaboration skills working with other teams, customers, and companies to ensure high quality deliverables

## **Nice to have:**

* Series project experience with Active Safety functions like AEB, LKA, etc
* Previous experience working in a high-paced environment
* Experience working hands-on on prototype vehicles
* Experience working with simulation tools

## **Benefits and perks**

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Fitness (600 USD) and learning stipends (1,000 USD) annually
* Stock options

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
