---
title: Autonomy Software Engineer – Path Planning (C++)
status: active
id: '4537237005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4537237005?gh_jid=4537237005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-03-07T12:49:05-05:00'
location: Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Ann Arbor
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

As an Autonomy Engineer at Applied, your role is pivotal. Your work will involve developing, integrating, and testing core path planning capabilities that span all classes of aerial platforms (Group 1-5). You'll work closely with teams across the entire company to integrate core GNC algorithms into their software and product stacks, supporting applications in both commercial and defense spaces. The challenge is profound, and the rewards are immeasurable, as you build superior systems that empower our military with unrivaled capabilities.

## **At Applied, you will:**

* Write software that operates real autonomous aircraft systems including fighter aircraft, maritime surface vessels, group 1-5 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), as well as simulated models to accomplish tactical military missions
* Build, leverage, and improve aerial autonomy software architectures that are ultimately tested and deployed on real systems to accomplish military missions
* Collaborate with DoD warfighter domain experts and 3rd party UAS vehicle vendors to develop and integrate aerial autonomy software onto OEM hardware

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* 3-5 years of professional experience in autonomous vehicle motion planning, robotics, or a related field.
* Experience in 3D+ path planning using sampling based methods such as RRT\* or similar.
* Experience in 2/2.5D grid based planning methods such as A\* or similar.
* Experience developing autonomy algorithms in either C++ or Python
* Experience developing or implementing outer-loop control systems
* Strong functional, procedural, data-oriented, and object-oriented programming experience
* Experience using git, Visual Studio Code, GitLab

## **Travel Requirements:**

* Must be willing to travel as projects requires; estimated average travel is once every other month for between 2 days up to 1 week (~20%)

## **Security Requirements:**

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must hold or be eligible for a U.S. Secret security clearance

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.state.gov/securityclearances).

## **Nice to have:**

* Experience with UAS GNC/navigation systems such as PX4 and Ardupilot
* Ability to use data visualization and debugging tools to support autonomy control development
* Experience developing in Docker and containerized development environments, using Linux-based operating systems (e.g., RHEL, Ubuntu), source control systems, and artifact registries

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $150,000 - $190,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
