---
title: Solution Engineer
status: active
id: '4575919005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4575919005?gh_jid=4575919005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-06-12T20:07:03-04:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Vehicle OS
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in the Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 65 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

We are continuing to look for experienced and motivated talents across the world to come join our Tokyo team! We are open to considering anyone interested in pursuing a career at Applied Intuition Tokyo office.

## About the role

We are looking for bright engineers interested in helping our customers solve complex technical issues related to Applied’s Vehicle Intelligence products. Our Solution Engineers have a unique mix of software expertise, domain knowledge, and execution driven mindset. Using these skills, our engineers work closely with vehicle and autonomy software and tools developers to ensure that Applied’s platform solutions are providing maximum impact to advance customers' SDV (Software Defined Vehicle) and Full End-to-end AD/ADAS initiatives. This is an important role for the company bringing together our product and engineering expertise with our customer-centric culture.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Support the technical, project management and customer facing aspects of the Vehicle OS  projects for major OEMs in the APAC region
* Bridge the gap between the customer and Applied’s headquarters in MTV, including understanding and organizing customer technical requirements, setting up and participating in technical meetings, tracking project milestones, and other project management roles

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Experience working with automotive OEMs or suppliers
* An acute attention to detail and an execution focused mindset
* Strong communication skills and focus on solving customer problems
* Experience working with customers and wants to grow their technical and engineering skills
* Experience in interacting with end-customers as an application engineer or a developer
* Project management experience in complex projects

## Nice to have:

* Prior work in vehicle development, E/E architecture, embedded software domains
* Familiar with the vehicle development process and possess in-depth knowledge and practical experience of functional safety required in vehicle development
* Professional experience in software development and coding. Experience in embedded software development is preferred

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
