---
title: Vehicle Testing Specialist
status: active
id: '4575293005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4575293005?gh_jid=4575293005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-06-11T01:36:49-04:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Vehicle Operations
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

## About the role

As a Vehicle Testing Specialist you will be a trusted testing expert responsible for our daily testing activities for our autonomous vehicle programs. Vehicle Testing Specialists are responsible for executing test plans, supporting a wide range of testing functions, and reporting on testing outcomes to provide crucial information for our software development teams. You will be working closely with our software engineers and operations teams to coordinate and execute testing for our AV and ADAS projects.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Execute test plans on AV & ADAS development vehicles
* Coordinate and improve testing procedures together with SW engineers and operations teams
* Provide detailed notes and formal reports of testing activities and results
* Work with Vehicle Operators to conduct testing professionally and efficiently
* Be a safety champion for our vehicle testing programs

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 2+ years hardware or software testing, data entry, or similar technical experience
* Experience with troubleshooting issues on computers or other hardware
* Demonstrated themselves to be detail-oriented
* A collaborative mindset and deep interest in understanding the functionality of autonomy software.

## Nice to have:

* Experience with software development practices
* Experience with Linux
* Experience with software tools/services like Slack, Jira, and Confluence
* Experience with Google Workspace
* Prior experience with ADAS, Autonomous Vehicles, or other Automotive work

## Benefits and Perks:

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Equity (RSU) offering
* English / Japanese language allowance
* Company sponsored housing program
* Pension plan (確定拠出年金)
* Fitness & Learning allowance

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
