---
title: Contingent Workforce Manager
status: active
id: '4580258005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4580258005?gh_jid=4580258005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-06-26T19:20:57-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California, United States
departments:
- People Operations
offices:
- Mountain View
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We’re seeking an experienced Contingent Workforce Manager to lead and scale our contingent workforce program. This person will drive operational excellence, process improvements, and strategic initiatives to enhance efficiency and compliance of this program. The role requires close partnership with Recruiting, Legal and Finance teams to ensure seamless program execution.

This individual will serve as the point of contact for all contractor-related needs including resource requests, vendor selection, analytics, on-boarding/off-boarding, and compliance.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Lead and manage the contingent workforce program to ensure operational efficiency, compliance, and alignment with organizational objectives
* Oversee the global onboarding and offboarding processes for contractors and contingent workers, ensuring seamless transitions and accurate documentation
* Manage strong relationships with contractors, project managers, and external vendors to maintain compliance standards
* Address contractor inquiries (e.g., payment discrepancies, access issues) promptly, identify recurring issues, and implement solutions
* Develop and implement scalable workflows, systems, and reporting tools to improve visibility, efficiency, and compliance
* Partner with People Ops, Legal, and Recruiting as needed to ensure contractor management strategies align with company policies and values

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 5+ years of experience in contractor or workforce management, or operation within a high-growth or complex setting
* Proven experience in business partnerships, vendor management, supplier negotiations, and optimizing external collaborations
* Thorough understanding of end-to-end Payroll/Employer of Record, Statement of Work, Staffing, and Independent Contractor operations and processes
* Solid knowledge of compliance standards and global labor regulations related to contractor management
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills for effective interaction with contractors and internal stakeholders

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $120,000 - $160,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
