---
title: 'Software Engineer - Developer Infrastructure '
status: active
id: '4581501005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4581501005?gh_jid=4581501005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-06-30T16:22:14-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Developer Tooling
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

Behind every intelligent machine is world-class infrastructure — come help us design it. You will implement and extend core application libraries and frameworks used by other engineers across the company, and scale our developer ecosystem across layers including the build and CI infrastructure of our monorepo. You are perfect if you are an engineer motivated by tasks that make your peers more productive and are capable of working cross-functionally to address the needs of a rapidly evolving business. At Applied Intuition, we encourage engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, closely interact with users to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

The Developer Frameworks team plays a central role ensuring Applied's engineering talent can move quickly and confidently. Developer velocity is only becoming more critical as the company grows, and you will have the opportunity to directly impact the speed and success of the company's short- and long-term goals.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design, build, and improve the core libraries, frameworks, and tools every engineer uses day-to-day
* Improve the speed and reliability of our developer infrastructure, including our Bazel build system and Buildkite CI/CD
* Collaborate with all engineering teams to enable better code quality, testability and release processes
* Carve out your own areas of expertise and influence product decisions - starting on day one
* Establish best practices and standards to provide a well-lit-path for development

## We're looking for someone who has:

* A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent
* 2+ years of experience building high quality software products and tools with a focus on quality, reliability, and developer ergonomics in technically challenging domains
* The ability to owns products end-to-end, from underlying infrastructure to engagement metrics
* Language expertise (Go, C++, Python, or TypeScript preferred), with experience creating or maintaining libraries, frameworks, and APIs
* Passion about code quality; modeling best practices in their own work and raising the quality bar across an organization
* Drive and initiative to work in a fast-paced environment

## Nice to have:

* Experience working in automotive, autonomy, robotics, or related industries
* Experience with service architecture and related middleware, including gRPC, Fx (Golang), SQLAlchemy
* Experience with build, CI, and deployment technologies like Bazel, language toolchains (e.g. Go, C++, Python, TypeScript), Buildkite, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, or Ansible
* Experience deploying software on either public clouds (e.g. AWS, GCP) or on-premise clusters
* Deep knowledge of Linux operating systems and the software ecosystems that surround them

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $120,000 - $300,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
