---
title: Senior Android Software Engineer - Platform
status: active
id: '4582601005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4582601005?gh_jid=4582601005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-07-03T20:27:24-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Consumer Experience
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **Meet our engineers on the Vehicle OS team!**

Vehicle OS is a flexible suite of products that help vehicle manufacturers develop, deploy, and update complete vehicle software and AI applications. Learn more about what the team is building, the team culture, and why it’s one of the most exciting projects at Applied Intuition.

## About the role

As a Android Platform Engineer on the Vehicle OS team, you will orchestrate the development of a universal software foundation that enables automakers to deliver next-generation vehicle intelligence and software at scale.

Working across application, middleware, and hardware layers, you’ll collaborate with diverse teams to ensure seamless integration and rapid deployment, ultimately driving the transition to a software-defined future for the automotive industry.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop and maintain the Android/Android Automotive OS middleware systems from front-end to the Hardware Abstraction Layer
* Work across our entire stack to develop new products, features, and tools
* Design efficient and effective solutions to a wide range of engineering challenges
* Ship complex software in fast-paced environments alongside domain experts across a variety of fields: infrastructure, automotive, and graphics engineers, as well as startup veterans

## We're looking for someone who has:

* A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent.
* 2+ years of experience in Android or iOS mobile app development
* Experience in the following in C++ & Java programming languages, familiarity with common data structures and algorithms, and knowledge of design patterns and operating systems
* Knowledge on Android framework, custom android HALs, services and SDK add ons
* Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter and can quickly become comfortable with new technical tools and programming languages

## Nice to have:

* Experience with Android Open Source Project (AOSP) and/or Android Automotive OS (AAOS)
* Experience in Android platform development

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $265,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
