---
title: Senior Software Engineer, AOSP - Core OS
status: active
id: '4584502005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4584502005?gh_jid=4584502005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-07-09T14:36:40-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Onboard Software
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **Meet our engineers on the Vehicle OS team!**

Vehicle OS is a flexible suite of products that help vehicle manufacturers develop, deploy, and update complete vehicle software and AI applications. This is one of the fastest growing projects here at Applied, and we are seeking exceptional talent to drive execution.

## About the role

As part of the Core OS team helping build Applied Intuition’s Vehicle OS product, you will develop and maintain all BSP, firmware, and system software for advanced ARM64 compute platforms, delivering high-performance features like VirtualIO, HAL, OTA, and advanced media capabilities for Vehicle OS. You'll work with cutting-edge embedded platforms and top SoC vendors, developing software on modern OSs and frameworks in a virtualized environment to power the real cars of the near future on real roads.

As a Senior Software Engineer, AOSP, you will play a key role in developing and maintaining the Android (AOSP) operating system and foundational system software for automotive platforms, collaborating closely with hardware, firmware, and cross-functional teams. If you have deep expertise in embedded systems, Android (AAOS, AOSP frameworks), Linux and QNX kernels, and a passion for building robust solutions at a rapid pace, we’d love to connect.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop, maintain, and optimize Android (AOSP) HAL (Hardware Abstraction Layer), services, libraries, apps, and Linux kernel modules using industry best practices
* Diagnose, analyze, and resolve crashes or performance issues with Linux drivers and AOSP components such as HAL, services, libraries, and apps
* Apply strong OS fundamentals (IPC, virtual memory, concurrency/threading, etc.) to write software that meets demanding requirements for performance, stability, CPU/RAM utilization, code size, and concurrency
* Work closely with cross-functional teams, including testers, product managers, and other developers, to deliver robust and innovative software solutions
* Contribute to the architecture and implementation of vehicle hypervisors and embedded OS components for next-generation automotive platforms
* Stay at the cutting edge of ARM64 platforms and hypervisor technologies, building mission-critical and engaging software experiences for SDVs
* Collaborate with application teams to ensure seamless integration between system software and the user interface

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 5+ years of Android (AOSP) systems software development experience on at least one of the popular SoC platforms (Qualcomm, NVIDIA, TI, NXP, Mediatek, etc)
* 5+ years of experience programming in C, C++ for ARM or X86 platforms
* Experience with Git, Gerrit, Github and modern software development practices
* Proven ability to develop and debug AOSP HAL, services, libraries, apps, and Linux kernel modules
* Strong fundamentals in operating system concepts: IPC, virtual memory, concurrency/threading, etc
* Experience with embedded software development on ARM platforms and Linux / Android (AOSP)
* Ability to write software with a focus on performance, stability, CPU/RAM utilization, code size, and concurrency
* Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and communicate technical challenges and solutions effectively

## Nice to have:

* Experience with Linux camera or display drivers for Qualcomm SOCs
* Experience with core Android technologies such as binders, virtIO drivers, audio HAL, etc
* Experience with QNX multimedia drivers and frameworks
* Experience with HW debug, use of scopes, logical analyzers etc

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $171,000 - $275,000 USD annually. 

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
