---
title: 'Robotic Software Engineer, Perception '
status: active
id: '4605512005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4605512005?gh_jid=4605512005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-09-04T15:56:41-04:00'
location: Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Ann Arbor
- San Diego
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

As a Perception Autonomy engineer, you will be pivotal in developing, integrating, and maintaining real-time sensor software solutions deployed across a range of heterogenous autonomous vehicles and different domains (e.g., land, air, sea, and space).  You will work with a team to continuously add capability and demonstrate the solution to customers in real-world scenarios on a variety of hardware platforms. Your responsibility will primarily be designing, developing, and rapidly integrating AI/ML sensor algorithms to interface across different platforms,  ingest relevant mission information, and support the autonomy team’s mission objectives. This work includes developing autonomous sensor controllers to optimally fuse information between state-of-the-art sensor systems, such as EO, IR, acoustics, radar, and RF.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop, integrate, and adapt cutting-edge AI/ML algorithms running on the perception autonomy stack to collect relevant information across a suite of platform sensors
* Create interfacing software to autonomously control sensors (e.g., EO, IR, acoustics, radar, and RF)
* Collaborate across the sensor, tracking, and autonomy teams to ensure seamless deployment of heterogeneous platform swarms in on-site DoD testing and demonstration events
* Deploy containerized solutions to embedded Linux devices, leveraging computer-in-the-loop testing and profiling, and efficiently collecting performance data
* Interact with the DoD customer to understand their use cases, requirements, and triage needs during field events to deliver a superior customer experience
* Work closely with our existing team to internally triage technical problems and scope
* Carefully communicate and document ongoing work to ensure internal flexibility in a fast paced environment as well as clarify progress with external customers
* Drive execution of simulation tooling to playback sensors, platforms, and autonomy in post processing field test analysis
* Implement improvement plans for future integration efforts based on simulation analysis and customer feedback

## We're looking for someone who has:

* MS or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Robotic Engineering, Computer Science, Optimization, or equivalent OR 5+ years of relevant experience working with sensor algorithms, hardware, and HIL software integration
* Experience with multiple sensor modalities (e.g., EO, IR, lidar, radar, sonar, acoustics, etc.)Core understanding of sensor physics and sensor control parameters
* Experience training and deploying ML algorithms (python, pytorch, tensorflow) onto integrated systems (onnx, C++ models)
* Familiarity with tracking basics (e.g., Kalman filters) and optimal sensor fusion
* Experience working comfortably in Linux and Docker
* Prior experience with remote software development, ability to handle and process large datasets, and learn new software and algorithms as needed with little supervision

## Travel Requirements:

* Must be willing to travel as projects requires, usually for SW/HW integration and/or demonstrations; estimated average travel is every 1-2 months for 2-5 days (10-20%)
* Travel-adverse candidates are encouraged to inquire about relocation assistance to HQ in Poway, CA

## Security Requirements:

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must hold or be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.state.gov/securityclearances).

## Nice to have:

* Proficiency with modern C++ development (2011, 2017, 2020, smart pointers, etc.), CMAKE, Python and Bash
* PhD in computer science or electrical engineering with AI/ML focus
* Experience with robotic swarm or multi-agent systems and optimization
* Strong tracking and sensor fusion background
* Current U.S. SECRET security clearance

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $140,000 to $220,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
