---
title: Engineering Manager - Behavior
status: active
id: '4611968005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4611968005?gh_jid=4611968005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-09-24T16:24:42-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- SDS Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Hear from an Engineer:

**About the role**

* As an Engineering Manager on the SDS Behavior team, you’ll lead a world-class group of engineers focused on building and deploying scalable behavior systems for cars, trucks, mining & construction, and offroad applications
* You will own the architecture and delivery of a next-generation system, focusing on state-of-the-art behavior in complex environments across diverse ODDs. This opportunity includes driving critical architectural and business decisions, partnering with customers, mentoring and building high-impact teams, and owning a significant portion of our autonomy stack with significant contract value and business opportunities

**At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Drive the overall strategy, technical roadmap, and architecture for behavior planning dedicated to L2 and L4 autonomous vehicles for cars, trucks, mining & construction, and offroad
* Guide the design and implementation of robust, safety-critical algorithms for various driving domains, including urban streets, highways, dirt roads, and diverse environmental conditions
* Grow and manage a team of world class engineers in the field of behavior systems
* Evolve the architecture to achieve the final goal of an L4 end-to-end stack
* Work cross functionally with other teams, including Perception, Research, Simulation, and Vehicle Operations, to ensure the robust and efficient integration of the behavior software stack

**We're looking for someone who has:**

* 5+ years of experience in robotics or autonomous systems, with a focus on behavior systems
* Experience in two or more of the following: behavior planning, decision making under uncertainty, path planning, motion planning, probabilistic reasoning, prediction, machine learning, trajectory generation, mapless driving, end-to-end autonomy stack
* Demonstrated ability to architect large-scale, production software for real-world robotic or automotive systems
* Proven leadership experience managing engineering teams, setting goals, and overseeing technical projects
* Strong communication and problem-solving skills

**Nice to have:**

* Direct experience working in end-to-end autonomy
* Hands-on experience building ML-driven and rule-based behavior planning (and their interplay), intent detection, or risk assessment modules
* Demonstrated success in applying machine learning and AI processes to complex decision-making frameworks for autonomous vehicles

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $204,000 - $343,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
