---
title: Application Engineer - Technical Customer Lead
status: active
id: '4612153005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4612153005?gh_jid=4612153005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-09-26T16:48:00-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Application Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for bright engineers interested in leading customer engagements and owning overall account strategy. Our Technical Customer Leads have a unique mix of software expertise, domain knowledge, and execution driven mindset. Using these skills, they work closely with engineering teams to ensure that Applied’s products are providing maximum impact to advance customers’ autonomy initiatives. This is an important role for the company managing customer relationships and ensuring customer success with Applied’s products and expertise.

Check out what a typical day would look like as an Application Engineer [here](https://resource.applied.co/app-eng-candidates)!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Own account strategy for major enterprise customers of Applied
* Manage executive and leadership relationships
* Work closely with customers to understand their development needs and use cases for autonomy to propose effective use of Applied’s products
* Ensure customer needs are supported by broader engineering team through effective prioritization
* Collaborate with our sales and engineering teams to gather requirements through detailed technical discussions and workshops
* Explore new product development areas driven by strategic understanding of customer landscape

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 3+ years experience working with external customers to integrate complex systems, troubleshoot issues, and/or drive problems to resolution
* Strong grounding in large scale software development
* Baseline knowledge in working with software systems, Linux, and cloud
* Strong technical communication skills and focus on solving customer problems
* A Bachelor's degree in computer science, mechanical engineering, software engineering or equivalent

## Nice to have:

* Prior background in technical sales or application engineering for simulation products
* Prior work in autonomous vehicle or robotics development domains
* Experience with automotive OEMs or suppliers

*Autonomy is one of the leading technological advances of this century that will come to impact our lives. The work you’ll do at Applied will meaningfully accelerate the efforts of the top autonomy teams in the world. At Applied, you will have a unique perspective on the development of cutting edge technology while working with major players across the industry and the globe.*

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $105,000 - $185,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
