---
title: Information Systems Security Engineer (ISSE)
status: active
id: '4613447005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4613447005?gh_jid=4613447005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-10-01T08:28:57-04:00'
location: Fort Walton Beach, Florida, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Fort Walton Beach
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are seeking a highly skilled Information Systems Security Engineer (ISSE) to oversee and maintain the security of our information systems. The ISSE will take ownership of the security posture, engineering, and compliance of our classified information systems. The successful candidate will be a key technical resource, responsible for ensuring all systems meet stringent federal and Department of Defense (DoD) security standards, with a focus on Special Access Program (SAP) environments. A Secret Clearance (minimum) is required.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Implement and maintain security controls as directed by the Information System Security Manager (ISSM)
* Directly supporting engineers for deployments onto customer systems
* Serve as the primary liaison with Government agencies for security matters and authorization processes
* Coordinate with external auditors and assessors during security evaluations and audits
* Perform regular vulnerability scanning, security assessments, and compliance checks to ensure system security
* Monitor system logs, investigate potential security incidents, and implement remediation measures
* Conduct security impact analyses for system changes and assist in developing security documentation
* Provide direct security support to project teams and customers
* Facilitate routine security awareness training
* Perform user access reviews and manage access control implementation to maintain system integrity

## We're looking for someone who has:

* A Bachelor’s degree in Information Security, Computer Science, or a related field
* A minimum of 5 years of hands-on security experience in Government contracting environments
* DoD 8140/8570 IAM level II (Security+ Certification, condition of employment)
* Proven experience implementing NIST 800-171 security controls
* Proven experience implementing NIST 800-53 security controls and preparing ATO packages
* Strong understanding of network security principles, system hardening techniques, and vulnerability management
* Experience with vulnerability scanning tools and security logging/monitoring
* Excellent communication and collaboration abilities
* Strong analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills

## Travel Requirements:

* Willing to travel for company business as company/customer requires. (~10%)

## Security Requirements:

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must have an active DoD security clearance (minimum Secret, prefer Top Secret)

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.state.gov/securityclearances).

## Nice to have:

* CISSP certification
* Experience with AWS GovCloud
* Experience with cloud security tools (e.g. Wiz)
* Familiarity with cloud security best practices and controls (FedRAMP)
* Knowledge of risk management frameworks and compliance standards
* Scripting skills

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $150,000 to $200,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
