---
title: People Data Analyst
status: active
id: '4620154005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4620154005?gh_jid=4620154005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-10-29T12:50:47-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- People Operations
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are seeking a People Data Analyst to deliver actionable workforce insights and support strategic decision-making across the People team and the broader business. This role will focus on collecting, consolidating, analyzing, and reporting on data related to employee engagement, retention, organizational effectiveness, and talent development. The position is ideal for candidates experienced in leveraging data to drive business process improvements and strategic outcomes.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop and manage analytical models and dashboards to report on recruitment, engagement, retention, and other workforce metrics
* Present data-driven recommendations to support leadership decisions on People programs and policies
* Design reporting solutions and build workflow automations that address business challenges and opportunities by collaborating with HR, Finance, Legal and Operations partners
* Implement data cleaning, normalization, and validation processes to ensure reporting accuracy and integrity
* Create presentations and reports for executives, managers, and staff, translating complex analyses into practical insights
* Act as a key point of contact for internal and external auditors during audits, providing necessary documentation, explanations, and evidence for HR-related controls.
* Handle sensitive employee data in alignment with company privacy and compliance standards

## We’re looking for someone who has:

* Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (Statistics, Data Science, Business Analytics, Finance, Computer Science, Economics, Math) or related discipline
* 3+ years building data models and dashboards in a people / talent analytics, compensation, finance, business operations or similar business analytics environment
* Proficiency in Google Sheets / Excel, Google Scripts / VBA, Qualtrics or related dashboard tools
* High attention to detail and data integrity
* Strong storytelling and presentation skills using data visualizations
* Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate cross-functionally with stakeholders at all organizational levels

## **Nice to have**

* Prior work in high-growth technology or software organizations
* Experience managing or integrating data across multiple HR platforms
* Familiarity with data privacy, workforce compliance, and reporting regulatory requirements

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $107,000 USD to $161,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
