---
title: Contracts Manager
status: active
id: '4621970005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4621970005?gh_jid=4621970005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-10-27T21:08:23-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for an exceptional individual to join our Legal team in Sunnyvale, California and fill a strategic role with a mix of both internal and external-facing responsibilities. This position will work with teams across the company to enable the efficient and effective delivery of legal and compliance services to our business partners.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Negotiate and draft various contracts with vendors and customers
* Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including legal, finance, and product teams, to determine contractual terms and conditions
* Provide training and develop resources in support of our contracting processes
* Manage the contract administration lifecycle, including responding to and tracking inbound requests
* Prepare and maintain key templates, playbooks, policies, and other knowledge materials
* Work with Legal Ops to develop strategies and scalable solutions, then lead those strategies to continually improve team performance and allow us to better serve our internal clients
* Advise and train users in the use of Legal processes and information systems

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 4+ years prior in house work experience as a contracts manager, contracts administrator, or similar role with direct experience in, and responsibility for, managing and negotiating contracts
* Strong organizational, time and project management skills and both the ability and flexibility to handle high volume and balance competing demands
* Exceptional focus on organization, attention to detail, and driving open matters to closure
* Willingness to take on any task big or small to get the job done
* Good judgment and a high level of professional integrity and discretion, tact and ability to maintain confidentiality

## Nice to have:

* Prior experience working in high-growth companies
* Project management experience sourcing and implementing legal team technology solutions (e.g., contract management, security tools, etc.)
* Experience using contract lifecycle management systems and other legal ops software

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $131,000 - $173,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
