---
title: Embedded Software Engineer (Vehicle OS)
status: active
id: '4632273005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4632273005?gh_jid=4632273005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-11-20T07:26:10-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Vehicle System Integration
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

## **About the role**

We are looking for an Embedded Software Engineer to drive development of challenging software that will be deployed in production vehicles. This position will help the team execute effectively through technical guidance, careful prioritization and using best practices for complex in-vehicle software systems. The work involves working directly with customers to help them develop, port and/or integrate software applications into the Vehicle OS. The applications span multiple vehicle domains and need to be integrated across a wide range of SIL, HIL and vehicle setups.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Work directly with customers to integrate their software features into our Vehicle OS working with a combination of C and C++
* Contribute to write embedded vehicle platform software in C, C++ and Simulink in response to direct customer requests
* Project manage vehicle integration timelines and execution to hit SoP milestones
* Setup a vehicle integration and testing strategy across multiple timezones with Japan and the US
* Influence the technical strategy of the team when balancing work on new features, scaling challenges, and technical debt
* Ensure the team delivers high-quality software that can fulfill the project requirements

## **We're looking for someone who has**

* MSc in computer science, robotics or related fields from a top institution
* 5+ years of experience in shipping complex embedded software
* Proven experience designing and implementing solutions to complex architectural problems
* Production experience writing or integrating C++ based software
* An understanding of automotive electronic systems and how to setup and debug them
* Fluency in both English and Japanese (written and verbal), with the ability to operate effectively in a bilingual business environment

## **Nice to have**

* Experience in the automotive industry and working with automotive technologies including CAN, LIN, Ethernet, Simulink, AUTOSAR, etc
* Experience with direct customer management
* Experience developing software for large projects (CI/CD, release process, etc)
* Skills in other adjacent areas (CAD/3D printing, PCB design, etc)

## Benefits and Perks:

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Equity (RSU) offering
* English / Japanese language allowance
* Company sponsored housing program
* Pension plan (確定拠出年金)

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
