---
title: Senior Autonomy Engineer
status: active
id: '4633767005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4633767005?gh_jid=4633767005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2025-11-25T17:20:13-05:00'
location: London, England, United Kingdom
departments:
- Government
offices:
- London
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

As a Senior Autonomy Engineer on the UK Engineering team, you will lead the design, development, and verification of high-performance autonomy solutions for the defense industry. You will write perception and planning algorithms, optimize performance, and develop robust system architectures. Collaborating with cross-functional teams, you will translate requirements into technical solutions while mentoring junior engineers. The role also involves continuous innovation, testing, debugging, documentation, while staying at the forefront of AI technology.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Prototype, evaluate, refine, and deploy state-of-the-art ML algorithms and solutions for defense use cases
* Leverage established products at Applied Intuition to build the software and infra foundation for behavior-specific ML development.
* Tightly collaborate with perception and planning engineers on many cross-team initiatives
* Work closely with product managers to understand requirements and translate them into technical solutions
* Train and mentor junior engineers as we grow the UK team, fostering a culture of learning and improvement
* Stay updated with industry trends, emerging technologies, and best practices to enhance product development

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* Experience developing autonomous vehicle solutions for aerospace and defense
* Experience with the end-to-end development cycle of deep learning models
* Expertise in subdomains such as modeling, input pipelines, evaluation, deployment, and model optimization
* 5+ years of experience building production software using modern software practices
* Fluency in C++, or fluency in Python with intermediate experience in C++
* References who will describe them as low-ego, highly motivated, thoughtfully opinionated, strong communicators and curious listeners

## **Travel requirements:**

* General willingness to travel for company business between our offices, as well as to customer sites

## **Security Requirements:**

* Must have ability to hold UK Security Clearance (current or previous preferred)

## **Nice to have:**

* Publications in computer vision, NLP, or robotics.
* Experience with drones and flight computers such as PX4.
* Experience in evaluating and improving system-in-the-loop model performance.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
