---
title: 'Chief Engineer - Trucking '
status: active
id: '4641879005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4641879005?gh_jid=4641879005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-01-06T01:48:02-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Chief Engineer
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from Google, Mobileye, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

## About the role

We are looking for an experienced Software-Defined-Vehicle industry expert to support our business in the Trucking Industry. This is a general management role and you will partner closely with both the go-to market teams and engineering team to ensure that we build our products, hit revenue targets, and deliver value to customers.

You will be entrusted to own the outcome of our most critical customer engagements, leading the charge on high-stakes initiatives that directly accelerate the industry's adoption of safe, software-centric, AI-driven machines globally.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* **Own the mission:** Provide end-to-end leadership for Applied’s strategic engagements with global truck OEMs
* **Drive impact:** Lead cross-functional teams, plan resources, and manage budgets to achieve successful business and technical outcomes
* **Architect solutions:** Deeply understand customer needs for autonomy and SDV. Solve their most complex challenges with our product and solutions
* **Be the technical expert:** Define use-cases and craft solutions for autonomy and SDV
* **Forge relationships:** Cultivate executive-level connections, becoming a trusted customer advisor
* **Prioritize & Execute:** Identify the most critical challenges and opportunities. You will ensure the right work is not just done, but done with precision, at the optimal time, and to the absolute highest standards of quality

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 10+ years experience working with trucking or automotive OEMs and suppliers
* Prior work in automotive software, autonomous vehicles or robotics
* Familiarity with modern software development
* Strong communication skills

## Benefits and Perks:

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Equity (RSU) offering
* English / Japanese language allowance
* Company sponsored housing program
* Pension plan (確定拠出年金)

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
