---
title: Sensor Validation Engineer
status: active
id: '4652903005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4652903005?gh_jid=4652903005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-01-26T19:42:12-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Autonomy Tooling Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Meet our software engineers!

Meet some of our software engineers who are shaping the future of autonomy and delivering world-class solutions helping customers shorten time to market. Hear about what brought them to Applied Intuition, what’s kept them interested, and their advice to potential candidates.

## About the role

In this role, you will lead sensor validation and characterization for Sensor Sim and our SDS (Self-Driving System) products across Automotive, Trucking, and Construction & Mining. You will help improve the fidelity and accuracy of synthetic simulations across many industries, using Applied's tools to train the future of autonomous perception systems.  
  
Sensor simulation products model sensors (Lidar, Radar, Camera, Ultrasonics, etc) using both ML and physical models of the sensing systems, materials, and worlds. As a validation engineer, you would be a fundamental part of this model development, while also validating physical sensor performance for our SDS stacks.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design and execute tests for correlation experiments for real and synthetic sensor outputs
* Develop the hardware and software components necessary for data collection and analysis
* Make improvements to underlying scenes, materials, models to improve simulation
* Work with customers to validate their models and integrate with the simulation environment
* Write white papers, internal and external documents detailing results

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 3+ years of experience
* A Bachelor’s or foreign degree equivalent in Electrical, Mechanical, Robotics Engineering, or a related field,
* Experience in Sensor Validation and characterization, including analyzing performance metrics for sensing modalities such as Cameras, Lidar, or Radar under diverse environmental conditions.
* Technical proficiency in a Linux/Unix environment, including command-line interface (CLI) navigation, shell scripting (Bash), and managing software dependencies for autonomous system stacks.
* Experience in sensor driver development, including the ability to utilize UDP architectures to parse and extract raw sensor data for performance analysis.
* Experience writing software in Python & C++
* Proficiency in Python for data analysis, automation of sensor validation test suites, and processing large-scale datasets from autonomous vehicle sensors.

## Nice to have:

* Understanding and knowledge of physical processes by which a sensor operates
* Hands on experience with characterization of simulated sensor models for Lidar, Radar, and Camera
* Competence in linear algebra, antenna theory, optics, circuits, photonics, electro-optics
* Experience/familiar with computer graphics technologies such as raytracing, deferred rendering, physically-based rendering

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $222,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
