---
title: 'Business Development - Construction '
status: active
id: '4653458005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4653458005?gh_jid=4653458005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-01-26T20:27:11-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from SafeAi, Caterpillar, TIER IV, Woven by Toyota, Tesla and other renowned companies.

## 

## About the role

We are looking to support our business development in the construction domain. In this role, you will partner cross-functionally across Product, Engineering, Sales, and Marketing teams. This is a uniquely strategic and operational role with a mix of both internal and external-facing responsibilities.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Engage with potential customers identified predominantly from other Applied Intuition's teams or organically based on the candidate's understanding of the ecosystem
* Use customer discovery sessions to understand customer requirements and understanding of potential solutions from Applied Intuition
* Host customer workshops and organize tailored demonstrations to explain Applied Intuition's solutions to customers
* Develop final customer solution with Applied Intuition's Product and Engineering teams for existing products, or support creation of new products for new concepts
* Iterate with customer on technical scope and business model, and guide the proposal through approvals at customer
* Plan revenue strategy and outlook for these specific solutions in construction and other adjacent domains

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Previous business development or sales experience at an OEM, Dealer, or Supplier focused on construction and mining
* Proven ability to work across stakeholders to execute complex projects
* Strong interest and capability to work with customers and drive customer engagements
* Excellent organizational and project management skills, with experience running multiple projects and deadlines effectively
* Fluency in both Japanese and English

## Nice to have:

* Experience working with construction technologies
* Technical background

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
