---
title: 'Communications Manager '
status: active
id: '4654936005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4654936005?gh_jid=4654936005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T21:23:19-05:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from Woven by Toyota, Mobileye, TIER IV, Google, Siemens and other renowned companies. We are hiring our first new graduate class - want to learn more?

## About the role

We are looking for a talented Communications Manager to join our Marketing team. You will represent the voice of our company’s subject matter expertise in Japan and Korea and will be responsible for research, planning, and end-to-end execution of technical and non-technical communication and content. You will play a significant role in knowledge-sharing and building thought leadership in the autonomous driving industry.

This role is ideal for a communications professional with exceptional storytelling and writing skills, strong strategic judgement, and the ability to translate complex technologies into compelling narratives. **Experience working with traditional and non-traditional media across business, technology, and industry-specific outlets is key to the role, as is the ability to partner closely with executives on thought leadership**.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop a robust corporate communications strategy to enhance the company's reputation and stakeholder relationships
* Ensure a clear, compelling, consistent brand image and message across all platforms, emphasizing the organization’s thought leadership
* Design and execute media engagement strategies across business, technology, and industry outlets (print, digital, broadcast, and emerging platforms)
* Proactively manage media relations to enhance positive coverage and manage crisis communication effectively
* Develop strategic executive communications, including speeches, presentations, talking points, and interview briefs
* Organize and manage regular media briefings and press moments in partnership with global teams
* Oversee the communications budget, ensuring cost-effectiveness and accurate reporting
* Plan and deliver both technical and non-technical content, including: engineering blogs, customer case studies, testimonial videos, event content and sales and field enablement resources
* Translate complex autonomous driving and software topics into clear, engaging stories for external audiences

## We’re looking for someone who has:

* At least 10+ years of proven experience in PR/communications within an agency or in-house, ideally within technology, automotive, or deep-tech industries
* Strong track record of designing and executing communications strategies that generate visibility, credibility, and thought leadership
* Experience working directly with traditional and non-traditional media in Japan/Korea, including pitching, briefing, and shaping narratives across channels
* Exceptional writing and narrative development skills, with examples of recent work
* Native-level proficiency in Japanese; strong English communication skills required

## Nice to have:

* Experience in Korea market is a plus
* Automotive background is a plus
* Background in journalism, public affairs, content creation, and/or corporate storytelling
* Content marketing experience in enterprise SaaS/technology space

## Benefits and Perks:

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Equity (RSU) offering
* English / Japanese language allowance
* Company sponsored housing program
* Pension plan (確定拠出年金)
* Fitness & Learning allowance

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
