---
title: Software Engineer - Low Speed Motion Planning & Control
status: active
id: '4657838005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4657838005?gh_jid=4657838005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-02-04T17:00:03-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Self-Driving Systems
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for bright engineers interested in designing elegant solutions to difficult problems in the autonomy space.  Your contributions will focus on building out capabilities of an autonomous vehicle stack, including necessary enablement work on the infrastructure- and vehicle-side. At Applied Intuition, we encourage engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, interact closely with users & customers to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

In addition to your engineering contributions, by working in our dynamic and customer-focused team culture, you will contribute to and learn from best practices in the nascent autonomy industry. We move fast and we focus on excellence, for our products and for our business. If you are hands-on and looking for a place to have a multiplying effect on making autonomous systems a reality, Applied is the place for you!

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Design and implement motion planning and controls modules that can be deployed on various vehicle platforms, enabling them for highly accurate autonomous navigation in tight scenarios.
* Characterize the dynamics of our customers’ vehicles to create tailored controls solutions and to reduce the gap between simulation and real-world dynamics.
* Evaluate and utilize academic research to create optimal-control-based solutions using techniques like nonlinear MPC and MPPI control.

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* Passion about tackling challenging motion planning or motion control problems
* 3+ years of experience building production software using modern software practices.
* Hands-on experience testing controls solutions on real, production-grade vehicles.
* Fluency in control theory, numerical optimization, numerical analysis, and physics.
* Enthusiasm for coming up with practical solutions to cutting-edge challenges in a fast-paced environment.
* Experience writing high-performance C++ code.

## **Nice to have:**

* MSc or PhD in mechanical engineering or computer science with coursework or research experience in motion planning or controls.
* Experience writing software that is compliant with guidelines for safety-critical C++ code, such as MISRA and AUTOSAR.
* Experience using quadratic programming solvers or nonlinear optimization tools.
* Experience applying machine learning techniques to vehicle dynamics modeling.
* Experience working both with large industrial /commercial vehicles, as well as passenger cars.

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $232,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
