---
title: Electrical Systems Integration Engineer
status: active
id: '4658224005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4658224005?gh_jid=4658224005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T17:29:24-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Vehicle OS Systems Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

Applied Intuition is seeking an experienced **Electrical System Integration Engineer** to design automotive-grade wire harnesses and coordinate with engineering teams and suppliers. You will lead the design of wire harness and electrical distribution systems, ensuring program milestones and quality standards are met.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design the routing and retention of harnesses, cables, and connectors to ensure ease of assembly, serviceability, and robust functionality
* Develop BOMs, wire, and material specifications
* Create and manage CAD (3D models, assemblies, 2D drawings) using SolidWorks and Altium for: low-voltage, high-voltage, and high-speed vehicle interconnects
* Interface cross-functionally to drive program delivery
* Working with OEMs, vendors and partners (current and potential) to identify the best wire harness solution for Applied Intuition’s vehicle platform

## We're looking for someone who has:

* BS or MS degree in Systems, Electrical, Hardware, Computer Science or equivalent program
* 2+ years of experience in automotive wire harness design, experience with the IPC/WHMA-A-620 standard
* Experience designing harnesses for LV & HV applications; familiar with automotive standards such as ISO 6722, SAE J1128
* Ability to source, manage, and maintain relationships with vendors & suppliers for harness manufacturing & materials

## Nice to have:

* Knowledge with Capitol and Catia
* Hands-on experience with harness crimping and end-to-end assembly of electrical test benches used for system integration and validation
* Experience with model development and simulation tools
* Strong knowledge of automotive product development systems and design disciplines
* Excellent written & oral communication skills – ability to present to wider audiences

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $120,000 - $220,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
