---
title: Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '4664505005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4664505005?gh_jid=4664505005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-02-23T14:13:04-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Autonomy Tools
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a Technical Program Manager to drive business-critical multi-disciplinary engineering projects from concept through execution. This role will leverage strong leadership, communication, planning, and engineering skills to help us manage the increased complexity of our releases and customer requests. Our ideal candidate has lots of experience shepherding complex releases in a fast paced and customer centric software house. This position will work cross-functionally with our Engineering, Design, Customer & Product teams.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Execute projects spanning multiple organizations, track progress, and ensure successful completion of all the milestones, metrics, and final deliverables
* Continuously engage customers to understand further pain points and areas for more project engagements
* Provide regular touch points with Applied Intuition's internal teams to update on customer use cases and workflows that our current software solutions do not yet provide a solution for
* Evaluate project timings with customers and adjust resource needs for customer pursuits based on their requirements and feedback discussion

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 4+ years of experience in a TPM role at a fast-paced software company
* At least a Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
* Strong experience managing complex releases with multiple important stakeholders (internal/external)
* Worked with commercially available tools (JIRA, etc.)
* Executed thoughtfully and efficiently, with a “no task is too big or too small” mindset to get the job done

## Nice to have:

* Knowledge in both software and hardware aspects of software development
* Experience managing a team of engineers in a leadership role
* Experience as a singular TPM for a VC-backed software startup.

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $115,000 - $222,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
