---
title: Software Engineer - Backend
status: active
id: '4669710005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4669710005?gh_jid=4669710005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-03-04T19:28:11-05:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- SDS Software Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

As a Backend Software Engineer on the Remote Assistance team, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the core services and infrastructure that power our remote assistance platform. Your work will involve creating the APIs, data pipelines, and backend systems that handle real-time data streaming, command processing, and communication with both the autonomous vehicles and the human operator workstations. This is a high-impact role where you will be instrumental in making autonomous trucking a reality by ensuring a reliable and scalable backend.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design, develop, and deploy scalable, low-latency backend services for remote assist session management  and real-time data streaming.
* Architect and implement the cloud infrastructure for remote assistance including technologies like protobuf, gRPC across  multiple AWS regions.
* Design and implement the service data persistence layer using no sql databases like Redis
* Implement data pipelines to ingest, process, and store real-time data from autonomous vehicles.
* Collaborate closely with onboard software teams and front-end engineers to ensure seamless end-to-end data flow.
* Ensure the security, reliability, and resilience of the backend platform, including handling network disruptions and failover.
* Optimize data serialization and transmission to minimize latency and bandwidth usage on the server side.

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field.
* 3+ years of professional experience in web services software development and cloud infrastructure.
* Strong proficiency in a backend programming language such as Go and Python.
* Experience with distributed systems, microservices, and building scalable backend applications.
* Experience with cloud platforms ( AWS, GCP or OCI) and containerization (Docker, Kubernetes).
* Hands-on experience with NoSQL databases (e.g., Redis).

## Nice to have:

* Experience leading projects end to end.
* Experience in a startup or fast-paced environment.

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $153,000 - $222,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
