---
title: Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '4673428005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4673428005?gh_jid=4673428005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T21:28:05-04:00'
location: Seoul, Seoul, South Korea
departments:
- Application Engineering
offices:
- Seoul
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Seoul

Applied Intuition entered the Korean market in 2020. The team has rapidly grown over the past few years and established strategic relationships with major Korean automotive OEM customers. Based in Gangnam, the Seoul site consists of more than 10 employees who previously come from LG, Ansys, Unity, and other renowned companies.

## **About the role**

We are looking for a Technical Program Manager to drive business-critical multi-disciplinary engineering projects from concept through execution. This role will leverage strong leadership, communication, planning, and engineering skills to help us manage the increased complexity of our releases and customer requests. Our ideal candidate has lots of experience shepherding complex releases in a fast-paced and customer-centric environment. This position will work cross-functionally with our Engineering, Operation, Sales, Customer & Product teams.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Execute projects as the single point of contact spanning multiple organizations, track progress, and ensure the successful completion of all milestones, metrics, and final deliverables
* Manage the tracking and planning of customer requests, then collaborate with our engineering teams to ensure that we always deliver
* Keep our incredibly talented and rapidly growing engineering team productive by planning requirements, identifying risks, managing a calendar of deliverables, and communicating a ton with a lively sense of humor
* Provide regular touchpoints with internal teams to update them on customer use cases and workflows that our current software solutions do not yet provide a solution for. Track all outstanding QA issues and partner with QA to ensure resolution
* Continuously engage customers to understand further pain points and areas for more project engagements. Evaluate project timings with customers and adjust resource needs based on their feedback

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* A Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field
* 5+ years of experience working within engineering, project management, or product teams
* 4+ years of experience in a TPM or TAM(Technical Account Manager) role at a fast-paced software company
* Strong experience managing complex releases with international and cross-functional stakeholders (both internal and external)
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills in both Korean and English; comfortable managing customer expectations and technical requirements

## **Nice to have:**

* Knowledge in both software and hardware aspects of software development.
* Experience directly managing or leading teams of engineers in a formal leadership capacity
* Has worked with commercially available tools (JIRA, etc.)
* Professional project management certification
* Proven track record of leading complex programs involving 15+ software and hardware engineers.
* Direct experience in the autonomy development domain (e.g., ADAS, robotics, sensors, or simulation).
* Is gifted with an ability to execute thoughtfully and efficiently, with a “no task is too big or too small” mindset to get the job done

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
