---
title: Systems Administrator (IT Operations)
status: active
id: '4677472005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4677472005?gh_jid=4677472005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T12:38:59-04:00'
location: Fort Walton Beach, Florida, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Fort Walton Beach
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role:**

IT Operations Engineers provide first line technical support to end users and ensure that everyone at Applied is able to use technology as productively as possible.  In addition to technical support, IT Operations handles user onboarding and offboarding. We are looking for a multifaceted  IT Operations Engineer who can be the IT domain expert across our corporate IT team. This position requires a mix of IT skills to improve the company’s technology architecture.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Design and build out a scalable IT infrastructure for a rapidly growing organization
* Respond to information technology help desk requests and provide assistance via phone, e-mail, remote access, and onsite support, escalating more complex requests to senior staff members
* Provide technical assistance and support for issues related to computer systems, networks, software, and hardware

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* 3+ years in IT operations including system administration, server support, project implementation, and desktop support in a fast paced environment
* Experience with Google Workspace, or other Active Directory systems
* Experience supporting a broad range of computer systems (Linux, Windows, and Mac)
* Knowledge of networking protocols and equipment (VPN, DNS, next-gen firewalls, routers, switches, or access points)
* Experience in deploying, integrating, and administration of SaaS applications
* Ability to operate in high pressure situations, successfully handle multiple priorities and possess a high level of discipline while remaining flexible
* Experience in creating IT processes and procedures
* CompTIA Security+  certification

## Security Requirements:

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must hold or be eligible for a U.S. Secret security clearance

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.state.gov/securityclearances).

## **Nice to have:**

* Knowledge of data protection operations and laws (GDPR)
* Managed Fortinet network stack
* Knowledge of MDM best practices
* CCNA certification
* Experience with Powershell, bash, and shell scripting

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $85,000 - $110,000 USD annually. 

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
