---
title: Software Engineer - Mission Control
status: active
id: '4681692005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4681692005?gh_jid=4681692005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-04-07T11:18:48-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## Meet our software engineers!

Meet some of our software engineers who are shaping the future of autonomy and delivering world-class solutions helping customers shorten time to market. Hear about what brought them to Applied Intuition, what’s kept them interested, and their advice to potential candidates.

## About the role

*Mission Control is a tailored collection of UIs for our customers to interact with our autonomy in Defense. We and our users (warfighters, program managers, test engineers) need a strong user interface through which to test, understand, and operate our autonomy in simulation and in the field. This collection of UIs will provide multi-agent workflows around mission planning, monitoring, and debrief.*

This role is a “startup within a startup” moving with day-long iteration cycles, and supplying much-needed autonomy tooling to the Defense industry.

Each engineer on Mission Control works on building a highly configurable, stable, and intuitive frontend platform. This will include:

* Frontend UI/UX (including 2D/3D rendering and selection tools) for Defense applications including mission planning/debrief, command and control, and simulation tools
* Data-oriented design to support user interaction with live and simulated data
* Principled architecture with clear roles and responsibilities, including strong test fixtures
* Much more!

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* *Design and implement a data-oriented frontend UI/UX platform*
* *Work closely with the Design team to understand user workflows, developing a vision for the Defense Tooling UI/UX*
* *Work with other teams to integrate your frontend implementation with a state-of-the-art in-house simulator, data-transmission pipeline, autonomous systems, and other defense applications*

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Experience with full-stack web development
* Interest in spatial reasoning and 2D/3D geographic map rendering problems
* A strong vision and good taste for intuitive user interfaces
* A hunger to learn and grow into a position of ownership and impact on a new product team
* U.S. citizenship (legally required) and eligibility to obtain a security clearance

## Nice to have:

* *Aptitude with spatial reasoning and 2D/3D geographic map rendering*
* *Experience with React, Typescript or Angular technologies*
* *Experience with real-time command and control interfaces for robotic systems*

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $222,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
