---
title: V&V Test Engineer
status: active
id: '4683139005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4683139005?gh_jid=4683139005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-04-10T14:00:38-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- SDS Systems Engineering
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a V&V Test engineer with a background in autonomy, autonomous driving and/or ADAS. This engineer will  work on performance evaluation of autonomy at the system and module level. This engineer will play a critical role in shaping the technical direction of this project towards measuring autonomy features and autonomous driving.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Develop and execute the system validation strategy for one or more autonomy modules (perception, planning, prediction, localization) for L4 trucking
* Build comprehensive and diverse datasets from simulations and real world data
* Work closely with systems engineering teams on validation test plans to ensure completeness and coverage across ODD and behavior
* Develop statistical and machine learning models to analyze historical and simulation data for safety performance evaluation.
* Identify, develop and measure performance metrics and report on performance evaluation
* Identify, build and deploy frameworks/pipelines to enable metric generation and evaluation
* Support generation of the safety case and release recommendation reports

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 3+ years of experience in ADAS or Autonomous driving
* MS/BS degree in Robotics, Aerospace, Computer Science, or equivalent required
* Experience with ADAS, autonomous systems and robotics
* Knowledge of existing standards and regulations relevant in the automotive industry, esp. ISO 26262, ISO 21448, UL4600
* Knowledge of architectural design of ADAS/AV systems
* Experience with scripting  and simulation tools
* Mastery of strong collaboration with other teams, customers, and companies to ensure high quality deliverables

## Nice to have:

* Prior work in either autonomous vehicles or ADAS or aerospace
* Project management and leadership experience in the AV industry
* Experience in the AV and robotics field
* Fluency in C++ and/or Python

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $126,000 - $147,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
