---
title: Senior Accountant, Financial Reporting and Technical Accounting
status: active
id: '4684920005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4684920005?gh_jid=4684920005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-04-15T16:34:04-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Finance
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We are looking for a Senior Accountant to join our expanding finance team. You will support the internal and external financial reporting function; assisting in the preparation of the company’s audited financial statements, investor reporting packages, and the key inputs for the board of director’s deck. You will work closely with our Director of Technical Accounting to help build our financial reporting function in a fast‑paced environment.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Support the financial reporting process, including the preparation of GAAP compliant annual and interim financial statements, footnotes, and supporting schedules for both external and internal users
* Contribute to the monthly and quarterly close of certain complex areas, such as equity transactions and stock-based compensation
* Assist with the research and documentation of complex accounting issues; providing guidance on such topics as lease accounting, stock-based compensation, foreign currency transactions, equity issuances, consolidations, and business combinations/acquisitions
* Conduct research on disclosure requirements for complex transactions, including business combinations/acquisitions and revenue recognition
* Proactively monitor and assist in the adoption of new reporting standards
* Help document and support accounting policies, controls, and procedures around financial reporting consistent with SOX/public company requirements
* Assist in representing the organization with external financial auditors; taking active responsibility for the Company’s side of the relationship, process and deliverables to meet both internal and external deadlines
* Partner with FP&A, Legal, HR, and other teams to facilitate the timely preparation of the financial statements
* Identify and drive process improvements and automation opportunities within the reporting processes, including better use of NetSuite and related tools
* General uplift of the Company’s finance function in a high intensity, start-up environment

## We’re looking for someone who has:

* 3–6 years of progressive accounting experience, including time in a Big 4 public accounting firm working with technology or software/SaaS clients.
* Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field.
* Working knowledge of US GAAP, FASB, PCAOB, and SEC regulations
* Meaningful experience preparing or reviewing external financial reports for public‑company or pre‑IPO clients (e.g., supporting SEC‑level reporting requirements) in an audit or corporate setting. Specifically, Form 10‑K, Form 10‑Q, Form 8-K,and other SEC filings
* Advanced Excel skills.
* Excellent attention to detail, strong analytical skills, and the ability to manage multiple priorities under tight deadlines.
* Flexibility to assist as needs present themselves within the finance function

## Nice to have:

* Active CPA license or CPA eligibility.
* Experience working with international entities and multi‑currency consolidations.
* Exposure to IFRS reporting requirements
* Proficiency with ERP systems (NetSuite experience strongly preferred) and SEC reporting software platforms (Workivia, ActiveDisclosure)

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $110,000 USD to $155,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
