---
title: Autonomy Integration Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4686353005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4686353005?gh_jid=4686353005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-04-20T12:50:10-04:00'
location: Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Ann Arbor
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

As an AcuityOS engineer, you’ll develop, deploy, and maintain the backbone of all-domain autonomy capabilities, from inter-agent communications to hardware and simulation interfaces. Integration with new vehicles and hardware is a critical function. This position requires both field and office-based work, with significant time spent deploying and testing software on autonomous vehicles in real-world environments.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Systems Engineering: Develop, deploy, and validate software systems on autonomous vehicles, focusing on robotics, sensors, and vehicle autopilots
* Field Deployment & Testing: Participate in hands-on fieldwork, deploying software on vehicles and ensuring proper functionality in dynamic, real-world environments
* Interfacing with Sensors and Autopilots: Work directly with sensors (e.g., RADAR, cameras, GPS, SONAR) and vehicle autopilot systems, integrating them into the autonomous vehicle framework
* Perception & Autonomous Modules: Work with the Perception and Autonomy teams to deploy and optimize perception pipelines (Vision, Radar, Fusion) and vehicle autonomy SW, ensuring robust and safe vehicle operation
* Communication Systems: Address inter-vehicle communication, ensuring seamless data exchange between vehicles for collaborative autonomous operations
* Third-Party Software Integration: Interface with and integrate third-party software and APIs into our systems
* Software Quality & CI/CD: Work on software integration, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) processes, and implement system-related improvements to enhance system performance and reliability
* Simulation & Testing: Leverage simulation environments to test vehicle systems, validating software behavior in various scenarios before field deployment
* Collaboration & Documentation: Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, data scientists, and field operators, to ensure the successful deployment of systems. Document processes and provide updates on system status and improvements

**We’re looking for someone who has:**

* MS or PhD in Robotic Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Optimization, or equivalent OR 5 years of relevant experience designing multi-agent autonomy
* Strong proficiency in Linux and command-line tools
* Strong proficiency in Python and/or C++ (most work is in C++)
* Hands-on experience with robotic systems, sensors (such as RADAR, cameras, radar), and vehicle autopilots (e.g., PX4, ROS)
* Experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, GitLab, or similar tools for automating deployments and testing
* Knowledge of communication protocols for inter-vehicle communications (e.g., DDS, UDP, ROS2, etc.)
* Experience in integrating third-party software and APIs

**Travel Requirements:**

* Must be willing to travel as projects requires; average travel varies, but can be up to once a month for up to 1 week (~25%)

**Security Requirements:**

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must hold or be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.dcsa.mil/Personnel-Security/Background-Investigations-for-Applicants/Investigations-Clearance-Process/).

## **Nice to have:**

* Ability to work in field environments, troubleshooting, testing, and deploying systems in challenging conditions
* Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to document processes and communicate technical concepts to cross-disciplinary teams
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, evolving environment, as well as working under challenging conditions in remote or field locations
* Familiarity with maritime vessels and/or airborne drones

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $140,000 to $175,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
