---
title: Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '4687642005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4687642005?gh_jid=4687642005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-04-27T00:02:49-04:00'
location: Tokyo Prefecture, Japan
departments:
- Vehicle Operations
offices:
- Tokyo
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About Tokyo

Applied Intuition entered the Japan market in 2019. The company has rapidly grown and established strategic relationships with major Japanese automotive OEM customers. Based in Otemachi area, the Tokyo site consists of more than 60 employees who previously come from Woven by Toyota, Mobileye, TIER IV, Google, Siemens and other renowned companies. We are hiring our first new graduate class - want to learn more?

## **About the role**

As a Mechanical Engineer at Applied, you will be an integral part of the entire product design lifecycle. Your technical contributions will directly impact the requirements, design, integration, and validation/verification of our self-driving vehicles. You will support the testing and evaluation of sensors such as cameras, radars, and lidars. You will focus on developing hardware for the harsh environment of various types of vehicles.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Support the mechanical engineering development of Applied Vehicles.
* Contribute to the mechanical design of the external sensor suite, compute assembly, and interior of the vehicles.
* Perform structural and thermal analysis of mechanical designs
* Own the design, analysis, and validation of the system from the component level, assembly level, and the fully integrated vehicle
* Design with a focus on scalability and manufacturability
* Work cross-functionally to ensure the requirements and mechanical designs meet the needs of all the teams within the organization
* Verify that the designed components can be properly installed on the vehicle without issues through hands-on validation

## **We're looking for someone who has:**

* BS/MS in Mechanical Engineering
* Fluency in both English and Japanese (written and verbal), with the ability to operate effectively in a bilingual business environment
* 2+ year of experience designing hardware and shipping products
* Demonstrated experience in FEA/CAE
* Experience with hardware reliability and testing
* NVH experience is a plus
* Perform incoming IQC on design hardware including visual inspection, pressure testing, and firmware flashing
* CNC, Machining, Metal Working and Welding experience
* Experience with Automotive Repair and Maintenance
* Experience working with AV Components Lidars, Radars, Camera etc
* Design, draw and prototype custom harness cable
* Familiarity using CAD (Catia V6 preferred) to navigate, design or modify 3D models
* Setup device under test and execute test scripts provided by test engineers
* Produce and develop detailed documentation for test, maintenance, safety, and team processes
* Work directly with engineers to design, fabricate, and assemble custom test fixtures

## **Benefits and perks:**

* Lunch and dinner allowance
* Equity (RSU) offering
* English / Japanese language allowance
* Company sponsored housing program
* Pension plan (確定拠出年金)

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
