---
title: Government Affairs Associate
status: active
id: '4692737005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4692737005?gh_jid=4692737005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-06T11:44:17-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Government
offices:
- Washington D.C.
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role:**

We are seeking a Government Affairs Associate to join our Government Affairs team. This role will help drive the company's executive and legislative strategies, shape external messaging, and support engagements in Congressional and Executive branches. Duties will include track legislation, policy and regulatory developments related to autonomy, defense technology, and physical AI; help develop the company’s positions and responses, support political and stakeholder engagement strategy; and represent the company in meetings with policymakers and other key external audiences. The role will have the opportunity to develop internal management processes, lead strategy discussions, and engage with Applied stakeholders.

## **At Applied Intuition, you will:**

* Build and maintain relationships with Members of Congress and congressional staff on relevant Appropriations and Authorization Committees/Subcommittees.
* Help shape the company’s federal legislative priorities, policy positions, and political engagement strategy by understanding business objectives, growth opportunities, and potential risks.
* Work closely with Applied’s external government affairs consultants, trade associations, and industry partners to advance shared priorities.
* Draft legislative language, policy memoranda, briefing materials,  presentations, hearing testimony, and position papers.
* Support and manage the company’s political action committee with strong attention to detail for compliance and execution.
* Partner with cross-functional leaders across the company to drive special projects and ensure timely, high-quality execution.

## **We’re looking for someone who has:**

* 2-5 years of experience on Capitol Hill or in the executive branch, in policy and legislative analysis, or issue advocacy.
* Strong familiarity with the federal legislative process, including Appropriations and Authorization.
* Knowledge of autonomy, emerging technologies, and defense technology policy.
* Strong organizational skills and close attention to detail to operate effectively in a fast-paced environment.
* A demonstrated track record of strong execution and follow-through and results-driven mentality.
* A practical, team-oriented, and customer-centric mindset and a willingness to take on tasks at any level.
* A sense of humor.
* “Can-do” attitude–no task is too small.

## **Nice to have:**

* Experience in Congressional engagement, advocacy, or political strategy.
* Experience with PAC management or political campaigns and fundraising.
* Graduate degree with a focus on legislative process, technology, or defense.
* Technical background, particularly related to autonomy or artificial intelligence.
* Experience with the Google suite of tools in addition to AI tools for increased productivity.
* Active Security Clearance

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $105,000 to $125,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
