---
title: International Trade Compliance Manager
status: active
id: '4692281005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4692281005?gh_jid=4692281005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T18:25:39-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Washington D.C.
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **About the role**

We are looking for an experienced international trade and export control professional to join our Legal team. You will be the first in-house dedicated trade compliance subject matter expert. The role is based in our office just outside of Washington D.C., and you will support our dual-use Defense and Commercial business lines worldwide.

Applied Intuition is a dual-use technology company that sells products to commercial clients, to the U.S. military, and to its allies. We provide goods and services subject to ITAR, EAR, and international export laws. You will be responsible for designing, implementing, and overseeing controls to comply with U.S. and international export control regulations. You will work cross-functionally with our Security, Procurement, Business Development, Forward Deployed Engineering, and Product teams.

## **At Applied, you will:**

* Manage the company’s Trade Compliance Policy and Technology Control Plans
* Manage Restricted Party Screening processes
* Make export jurisdiction and classification determinations
* Lead trade compliance training across the company
* Provide strategic advice to Product, Business Development, and Engineering teams throughout the product development, sales, and project delivery lifecycle
* Work cross-functionally with the Security team to advise on controls to secure data, software, and hardware
* Assist the Procurement and Engineering teams with navigating import/export customs processes for cross-border shipments
* Perform internal compliance assessments
* Submit export license and export classification applications to regulators (e.g., DDTC, BIS)
* Serve as face-of-company to oversee relationships with external legal counsel, with external trade compliance and customs consultants, and with regulators

## **We’re looking for someone who has:**

* 5+ years of experience working on international trade controls
* Experience working on international trade controls at a company that sells software and/or hardware to military customers or automotive industry OEMs
* Experience designing and implementing compliance policies
* Experience with HTS classification and import entry review, including oversight of work performed by customs brokers and freight forwarders for cross-border shipments
* Expertise in U.S. export controls (e.g., ITAR, EAR)
* Familiarity with global sanctions regimes, including in the U.S. and UK
* Familiarity with licensing and compliance IT systems (e.g., DECCS, SNAP-R, OCR)
* Familiarity with U.S. import duty regimes (e.g., Section 301)
* Self-starter mentality, with the ability to operate in a fast-paced, high-growth company environment
* An active U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one

## **Nice to have:**

* Familiarity with import/export customs procedures (e.g., CBP forms) and coordinating with freight forwarders
* Familiarity with international trade controls applicable to operations in the UK, Europe, and/or APAC
* Experience in the aerospace or automotive industry
* Experience at a large defense contractor, dual-use technology company, or at a consulting firm that services such companies

**Security Requirements:**

* Must be a U.S. Citizen
* Must hold or be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance

For more information about U.S. security clearances: click [here](https://www.state.gov/securityclearances).

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $160,000 - $210,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
