---
title: Technical Business Development Lead, Japan Market (US-based)
status: active
id: '4695082005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4695082005?gh_jid=4695082005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-14T19:09:13-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

You serve as the technical anchor bridging our Silicon Valley HQ with one of the world’s most sophisticated industrial hubs. This high-visibility role is designed for an engineer by training, who refuses to choose between technical depth and the business impact of large, strategic deals. You will serve as the definitive expert in the room, possessing the technical authority to lead discovery, while incorporating 'Silicon Valley' speed to master the automotive autonomy capabilities we bring to market. This role has a direct growth path to 'Chief Engineer'.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Engage with potential customers identified predominantly from our Japan-based Account Managers or organically based on the candidate's understanding of the ecosystem
* Use customer discovery sessions to understand customer requirements and understanding of potential solutions from Applied Intuition
* Host customer workshops and organize tailored demonstrations to explain Applied Intuition's solutions to customers
* Develop final customer solution with Applied Intuition's Product and Engineering teams for existing products, or support creation of new products for new concepts
* Iterate with customer on technical scope and business model, and guide the proposal through approvals at customer
* Plan revenue strategy and outlook for these specific solutions in both automotive and other adjacent domains

## We're looking for someone who has:

* 3 - 5 years of prior experience in automotive interest in relevant domains to guide our customers on what are the best practices
* Proven ability to work across stakeholders to execute complex projects
* Strong interest and capability to work with customers and drive customer engagements
* Excellent organizational and project management skills, with experience running multiple projects and deadlines effectively
* Experience working with automotive software technologies
* Ability to travel internationally once every 4-6 weeks on average

## Nice to have:

* Experience working on a product at a startup from Series A to IPO
* Professional fluency in Japanese (written and spoken) to support customers and partners in the Japan market

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $150,000 - $230,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
