---
title: Brand Designer
status: active
id: '4698802005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4698802005?gh_jid=4698802005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-22T10:02:05-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Design
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## About the role

We're looking for a highly creative and versatile Brand Designer to shape and elevate our brand presence. As the Brand Designer, you will be the champion of our visual identity, responsible for pioneering compelling and consistent visual assets that elevate Applied Intuition's brand expression. You will collaborate closely with marketing, product, and engineering teams to bring our brand to life in both digital and physical spaces. If you're passionate about impactful design and eager to contribute to a company at the forefront of technological advancement, we encourage you to apply.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Evolve and maintain our visual brand guidelines, ensuring consistency and impact across all platforms
* Create engaging visuals for our website, marketing campaigns (social media, email, digital ads), presentations, reports, and other digital assets (this includes iconography, illustrations, infographics, and interactive elements)
* Design impactful visuals for physical spaces, including trade show booths, signage, marketing collateral (brochures, flyers), and potentially office environments
* Collaborate closely with the marketing team to understand project goals and translate them into compelling visual solutions
* Solicit and incorporate stakeholder feedback to refine designs and ensure alignment with objectives
* Stay up-to-date with the latest design trends, tools, and technologies to ensure our visual communication remains fresh and effective
* Maintain an organized library of visual assets for easy access and consistent usage

## We're looking for someone who has:

* Bachelor's degree in Graphic Design, Visual Communication, or a related field
* 1-3 years of professional experience as a Production Designer or Brand Designer
* A strong portfolio showcasing a diverse range of digital and print design projects, demonstrating excellent visual design principles (typography, color theory, layout, imagery)
* Proficiency in industry-standard design software, including Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Figma/Sketch)
* Experience designing for web and mobile platforms, with an understanding of UI/UX principles
* Experience designing for physical spaces and producing print-ready files
* Excellent communication, collaboration, and presentation skills
* Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment

## Nice to have:

* Experience with motion graphics or video editing software (e.g., After Effects, Premiere Pro)
* A passion for technology and an interest in the autonomous vehicle, robotics, or related industries

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is:  $120,000 - $160,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
