---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer - Compute Hardware
status: active
id: '4700032005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://boards.greenhouse.io/appliedintuition/jobs/4700032005?gh_jid=4700032005
lastmod: '2026-05-28T11:43:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-27T22:29:07-04:00'
location: Sunnyvale, California, United States
departments:
- Compute Hardware
offices:
- Sunnyvale
---

## About Applied Intuition

Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at [applied.co](http://applied.co/).

*We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments.*

## **Meet our engineers on the Vehicle OS team!**

Vehicle OS is a flexible suite of products that help vehicle manufacturers develop, deploy, and update complete vehicle software and AI applications. Learn more about what the team is building, the team culture, and why it’s one of the most exciting projects at Applied Intuition.

## About the role

Applied Intuition is looking for an electrical engineer with expertise in developing compute hardware products for next-generation electric and autonomous vehicles. This is a unique opportunity to work on challenging engineering problems on Applied Intuition's newest product and collaborate with Applied’s world-class internal and external development partners.

## At Applied Intuition, you will:

* Design electrical schematics for automotive, off-road, and defense (optional) applications, incorporating SoCs/MCUs, power (SMPS, Linear), memory components (eMMC, DDR, NVMe), and peripherals from concept to production.
* Design boards that use high & low speed digital interfaces (UART, SPI, I2C, USB, PCIe, MIPI, DP, Ethernet, etc), and automotive interfaces such as LIN, CAN, Flexray. Guide and oversee PCB layout, ensuring it meets DFx standards and adheres to performance, cost, mechanical, thermal, and reliability constraints.
* Create detailed component block diagrams and engage with PCB/PCBA vendors for fabrication and assembly.
* Collaborate with system, firmware, software, and integration teams to ensure successful bring-up and validation of the platform.
* Develop and execute test plans to validate design performance and document results.
* Stay updated on new technologies to ensure our solutions remain cutting-edge and align with industry best practices.

## We're looking for someone who has:

* BS, MS, or PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering
* At least 5 years of hands-on hardware design experience with a strong grasp of digital design and interfaces, including PCIe Gen 3.0/4.0/5.0, Ethernet 1G-T/T1 and 10G-T1, DDR, LPDDR, I2C, SPI, eMMC, USB, UART, and GMSL.
* Proficient in schematic capture and layout.
* Skilled in using lab tools such as bench power supplies, multimeters, oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, and network analyzers.
* In-depth understanding of PCB manufacturing, product delivery, and extensive experience in testing, validation, and troubleshooting of electrical systems.
* Open-minded and collaborative team player, eager to assist others.
* Excellent technical writing skills for clear communication and documentation.

## Nice to have:

* Prior experience building automotive, robotics, off-road, defense, or other real-time hardware systems
* Prior experience designing and building prototype vehicles or compute hardware platforms
* Prior experience with high-volume production of hardware products
* Prior experience building real-time HW systems with safety constraints
* Experience with Formula SAE / Formula Electric or similar hands-on engineering programs
* Prior experience with Altium Designer
* Experience designing circuits that drive cameras and/or displays

Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $140,000 - $220,000 USD annually.

*Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.*

*Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.*
