---
title: Facilities Operations Technician
status: active
id: '4538639007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4538639007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T18:30:34-04:00'
date: '2024-10-22T14:31:02-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN; Southaven, MS
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
- Southaven, MS
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a Facilities Operations Technician at SpaceXAI, you'll dive in, operating and maintaining the critical facility systems that power our supercomputing data centers. Working hands-on with MEP systems, you’ll tackle maintenance, operations, and repairs, ensuring peak performance and reliability. Expect to troubleshoot complex issues, streamline processes, and collaborate with teams to keep our infrastructure running smoothly, directly supporting SpaceXAI's mission to accelerate human scientific discovery through AI. 

This role includes the following positions, each with increasing responsibility:

* **Facilities Operations Technician**: Independently operate and maintain critical mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) systems in supercomputing data centers, ensuring high reliability and performance through hands-on maintenance, troubleshooting, and process optimization.
* **Sr Facilities Operations Technician**: Perform advanced maintenance and troubleshooting of critical data center systems like HVAC, power, and environmental controls, while mentoring junior technicians to ensure operational reliability.
* **Facilities Operations Lead**: Oversee the maintenance and optimization of critical data center infrastructure, including power, cooling, and environmental systems, while leading a team of technicians to ensure operational reliability and efficiency.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Responsible for MEP Infrastructure site safety and environmental compliance, ensuring the sites align with all local and regional health and safety requirements.
* Provide operational expertise for Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing (MEP) systems at the datacenter facility. The systems and equipment can include pumps, piping, chillers, cooling towers, CRAH units, wiring, lighting systems, generators, motors, water supply, UPS and switchgear, etc.
* Routinely inspect all areas to ensure performance measures are being maintained and proactively self-report the problems of facilities.
* Experience with writing and executing MOPs, SOPs, EOPs.
* Perform daily inspections of critical systems.
* Identify and maintain spare parts inventory to minimize downtime.
* Coordinate and supervise scheduled system shutdowns.
* Develop and implement energy monitoring metrics.
* Support commissioning efforts by witnessing equipment startup, assisting with functional testing, and monitoring construction progress.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical or Electrical or 2+ years of hands-on operations/facilities work experience in lieu of degree (data center experience preferred).
* Knowledge of mechanical or electrical engineering principles and systems (both would be a huge plus).
* Experience and knowledge of all critical systems documentation including Plans, Procedures, and Operations Manuals.
* Experience and knowledge of Building and Electrical Power Monitoring Systems and Operations.
* Strong troubleshooting skills.
* Experience with PLC-based control systems and/or with Building Management Systems (Client).
* Excellent written and verbal communication and technical writing skills in English.
* **Physical Requirements:**
  + Ability to lift up to 50 lbs.
  + Ability to utilize hand tools and power tools as needed.
  + Work is often performed in tight quarters, and physical dexterity is necessary to perform job functions.
  + Ability to lift up to 35 lbs. unassisted.
  + Comfortable working at elevated heights (up to 100 feet) with appropriate safety gear.
  + Comfortable working in extreme outdoor environments—heat, cold, rain, etc.
  + Comfortable working in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise.
* Available to work flexible shifts providing 24x7 coverage as needed, including evenings, weekends, and holidays.
* Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.
* Position is subject to pre-employment and annual post-employment background checks.
* Willing to travel as needed (up to 10%).
* Valid driver’s license.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
