---
title: Front Desk Ambassador (Part-Time)
status: active
id: '4580888007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4580888007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2024-11-13T11:28:22-05:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Security
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

## About the Role

As a Front Desk Ambassador (Part-Time) at xAI’s Memphis facility, you'll champion security by managing site access with a professional, engaging presence. Reporting to the Security Ops Lead, you’ll greet visitors, ensure only authorized personnel enter, and tackle access control challenges with a bias for action. Expect to uphold trust, maintain high standards, and keep operations secure to support xAI’s mission of accelerating human scientific discovery through AI.

This is a part-time in-person role based in Memphis, Tennessee, with minimal travel required and weekends mandatory.

## Responsibilities

* Welcome and greet Employees, Contractors, and Guests with a positive attitude.
* Ensure only authorized personnel enter the site.
* Act as a liaison between hosts and new hires/site visitors
* Monitor access control, visitor management, and fire alarm systems.
* Facilitate the check-in and check-out process with site visitors.
* Oversee the ID badge return process.
* Manage additional front desk duties as the position evolves.

## Basic Qualifications

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
* 2+ years of experience as a Security Officer.
* Ability to work 12 hour shifts on the weekend.
* Familiarity with operating access control and visitor management systems.
* Ability to stay calm under pressure.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

## Preferred Skills and Experience

* 3+ years of experience in a supervisory role.
* Previous law enforcement, emergency response, or military experience

## Additional Requirements

* Ability to work for extended periods of time standing, when needed.
* Ability to work evenings and weekends as needed.
* Position is subject to pre-employment drug screen and random drug and alcohol testing.
* Personal integrity is crucial. This position is expected to maintain operational security and safeguard sensitive information.
* Physical Requirements: Light. Prolonged sitting, occasional walking, and infrequent bending or stooping. Carrying no more than 20 pounds at a time.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://deccs.pmddtc.state.gov/deccs).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
