---
title: Member of Technical Staff - Real-Time Storage
status: active
id: '4805886007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4805886007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2025-07-30T15:59:32-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Infrastructure
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We’re looking for exceptional storage & database engineers who want to join us on a new project to deeply integrate xAI’s advanced AI infrastructure into a platform used by around 600 million users every month. We’re building xAI’s new storage tier that powers training, inference, recommendations, and real-time data extraction.

We build and operate:

* An exabyte-scale S3-compatible object store
* A multi-tenant transactional key/value store that serves 100s of millions requests per second
* A caching tier that serves billions of requests per second
* A scalable vector database that powers our recommendation systems
* A few other specialized databases serving hundreds of millions requests per second

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Design, build, and launch to production new features and improvements aimed at unifying common components across the storage systems
* Dive into performance issues and work with customers and deliver solutions to cater to customers’ latency, availability and data durability requirements.
* Lead and drive incident responses and recovery with your peers. Review and contribute to incident postmortems and hold a high bar for the same.
* Work in a collaborative environment and uplevel your peers by doing mentoring, code and design reviews.
* Be open to develop new skills and learn on the job as we navigate new technology spaces.
* Ground your decisions with data and reasoning and adapt to new information to make informed choices.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Have at least 7 years of experience in software development, plus 2+ years building storage systems or databases.
* Obsessed with reliability, performance, and quality
* Proficient in high performance C++, Rust, or JVM-based languages
* Expertise in building, running, and operating scalable and resilient distributed systems

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
