---
title: Medicine Tutor
status: active
id: '4855858007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4855858007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2025-09-03T21:06:05-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- STEM
offices:
- Remote
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

As a Medicine Specialist, you will be instrumental in enhancing the capabilities of our cutting-edge technologies by providing high-quality input and labels using specialized software. Your role involves collaborating closely with our technical team to support the training of new AI tasks, ensuring the implementation of innovative initiatives. You'll contribute to refining annotation tools and selecting complex problems from advanced Medical fields where your expertise can drive significant improvements in model performance. This position demands a dynamic approach to learning and adapting in a fast-paced environment, where your ability to interpret and execute tasks based on evolving instructions is crucial.

As a Medicine Specialist you will play an essential role in advancing xAI's mission by supporting the training and refinement of xAI’s AI models. Medicine Specialists teach our AI models about how people interact and react, as well as about how people approach issues and discussions.  To accomplish this, Medicine Specialists will actively participate in gathering or providing data, such as text, voice, and video data, sometimes providing annotations, recording audio, or participating in video sessions. We seek individuals who are comfortable and eager to engage in these activities as a fundamental part of the role, ensuring a strong alignment with xAI’s goals and objectives to innovate.

A Medicine Specialist will provide services that include labeling and annotating data in text, voice, and video formats to support AI model training. At times, this may involve recording audio or video sessions, and Medicine Specialists are expected to be comfortable with these tasks as they are fundamental to the role.  Such data is a job requirement to advance xAI’s mission, and Medicine Specialists acknowledge that all work is done for hire and owned by xAI.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Use proprietary software applications to provide input/labels on defined projects.
* Support and ensure the delivery of high-quality curated data.
* Play a pivotal role in supporting and contributing to the training of new tasks, working closely with the technical staff  to ensure the successful development and implementation of cutting-edge initiatives/technologies.
* Interact with the technical staff to help improve the design of efficient annotation tools.
* Help democratize access to medical information for users worldwide.
* Solve problems that help drive innovation in healthcare by guiding Grok to enhance medical care quality, optimize clinical decision-making, accelerate pharmaceutical discovery, advance diagnostic imaging, and streamline medical procedures to transform patient outcomes.
* Choose problems from fields across medicine/pharmacy/etc that align with your expertise, focusing on areas like determining Ddx, patient management, or medical imaging where you can confidently provide detailed solutions and evaluate model responses.
* Regularly require you to interpret, analyze, and execute tasks based on given instructions.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Must be either an MD, DO, NP, PharmD, DDS, DMD, or possess a Master’s or PhD in a related field.
* Proficiency in reading and writing, both in informal and professional English.
* Strong ability to navigate various information resources, databases, and online resources are essential.
* You display outstanding communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational capabilities.
* Solid reading comprehension skills combined with capacity to exercise autonomous judgment even when presented with limited data/material.
* You have a strong passion for and commitment to technological advancements and innovation.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Possesses experience with multiple publications or a first-authorship in a reputable journal or outlet.
* Has previous AI Tutoring experience.
* Teaching experience (as a professor, teacher, or tutor).
* You possess experience in technical writing, journalism, or a professional writing setting.

### ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

* Available to work evenings and weekends, as the schedule varies depending on team operational needs; flexibility is required.
* Demonstrates a strong capacity to quickly adapt by learning new skills and unlearning outdated ones, thriving in dynamic and changing environments.
* For those who will be working from a personal device, please note your computer must be a Chromebook, Mac with MacOS 11.0 or later, or Windows 10 or later.

### LOCATION AND OTHER EXPECTATIONS:

* Tutor roles may be offered as full-time, part-time, or contractor positions, depending on role needs and candidate fit.
* For contractor positions, hours will vary widely based on project scope and contractor availability, with no fixed commitments required.  On average most projects may involve at least 10 hours per week to achieve deliverables effectively though this is not a fixed commitment and depends on the scope of work. Contractors have full flexibility to set their own hours and determine the exact amount of time needed to complete deliverables.
* Tutor roles may be performed remotely from any location worldwide, subject to legal eligibility, time-zone compatibility, and role specific needs.
* For US based candidates, please note we are unable to hire in the states of Wyoming and Illinois at this time.
* We are unable to provide visa sponsorship.
* For those who will be working from a personal device, your computer must be a Chromebook, Mac with MacOS 11.0 or later, or Windows 10 or later.

### COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:

US based candidates: $45/hour - $100/hour depending on factors including relevant experience, skills, education, geographic location, and qualifications. International candidates: Information will be provided to you during the recruitment process.

Benefits vary based on employment type, location and jurisdiction. Benefits for eligible U.S. based positions include health insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave. Specific details and role specific information will be provided to you during the interview process.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
