---
title: Network Engineer
status: active
id: '4870731007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4870731007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2025-09-10T17:16:20-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

Our Network Engineering team handles a dynamic, constantly growing and evolving global network that provides a reliable, high-performance and secure network behind one of the few products in the world that touches over 1 billion people. The ideal candidate is a Network Engineer who is proficient with the fundamentals, and eager to grow your skills on a global network. You're a motivated pragmatic thinker, eager to get the job done while finding a balance between shipping and quality with a:

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Help to define configuration and architecture standards
* Contribute to the qualification of new platforms
* Provisioning of network devices in corporate offices and POPs as per documented procedures
* Provisioning and management of corporate circuits
* Contribute to the continuous improvement of configuration standards and operational procedures
* Contribute to the continuous improvement of corporate device monitoring
* Liaise with third parties, IT and remote office users to fix and resolve issues
* Creation and execution of scheduled changes, process & documentation
* Participate in the on call rotation
* Maintaining and upgrading existing systems, firmware updates and configurations
* Monitoring network performance and ensuring system availability and reliability
* Troubleshooting: Analyzing and resolving network hardware and software problems

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Basic understanding of BGP configuration and management
* Basic knowledge of backbone and datacenter networks
* Working understanding of wireless technologies
* Working knowledge of at least one internal routing protocol, its configuration and day to day operation
* Working knowledge of corporate networking
* Working knowledge of TCP/IP
* Working knowledge of remote access
* Strong documentation and communication skill set

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Familiarity with the following:
* Multiple networking vendors, such as Juniper, Cisco, Aruba, Arista
* Remote Access
* Network security and NAC
* Scripting and automation of network operations activities

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
