---
title: IT Systems Engineer
status: active
id: '4871633007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4871633007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2025-09-11T17:30:02-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Information Technology
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The IT Systems Team at 𝕏 manages a dynamic and evolving virtual infrastructure that provides secure, high-performance, and reliable corporate resources for business-critical users and applications. This role focuses on building, deploying, and managing internal Windows and Linux infrastructure while collaborating with other teams to develop scalable solutions.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Building, managing, and supporting complex application stacks on Windows and Linux Servers.
* Providing Windows and Linux troubleshooting and technical support.
* Deploy, configure and support VMware technologies, including vCenter, ESX and Horizon.
* Use Puppet Enterprise to automate and manage configurations.
* Working with other engineering teams and third-party vendors to implement scalable solutions.
* Ensuring compliance by collaborating with internal audit and compliance teams.
* Developing and maintaining standard operating procedures.
* Participating in a 24/7 on-call support rotation.
* Managing and monitoring all installed Windows and Linux systems and infrastructure.
* Installing, configuring, testing, and maintaining operating systems and system management tools.
* Proactively ensuring high levels of system availability and reliability.
* Monitoring and optimizing application performance, identifying bottlenecks, and collaborating with developers to implement solutions.
* Writing and maintaining custom scripts to improve system efficiency and automation.

### Required Qualifications

* Deep understanding of infrastructure management and automation
* 3 to 5 years of experience in the following:

+ Systems Engineering for Corporate Infrastructure.
+ Managing large-scale Windows and Linux server environments.
+ Virtualization at scale.
+ Configuration Management.
+ Managing scalable storage solutions, preferably NetApp.
+ Developing and maintaining performance metrics for systems.
+ Strong understanding of Puppet Enterprise and Puppet Open Source.

* Strong understanding of basic networking concepts.
* Proficient with using Puppet to automate and manage configurations.
* Ability to translate business needs into technical solutions.
* Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.
* Experience writing technical design documents and maintaining documentation.
* Familiarity with working in a source-controlled environment.
* Proficiency in scripting languages such as Bash, Python, or Perl.
* Experience with VMware services, including VMware data center virtualization and VMware Horizon.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Familiarity with DevOps practices and CI/CD tools.
* Knowledge of orchestration tools.

### COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:

$162,000 - $226,000

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at 𝕏, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
