---
title: Materials Science Tutor
status: active
id: '4925823007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4925823007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T18:10:10-04:00'
date: '2025-09-30T19:08:38-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- STEM
offices:
- Remote
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

As an AI Tutor - Materials Science Specialist at SpaceXAI, you will be instrumental in enhancing our cutting-edge AI technologies by providing high-quality input and labels using specialized software. You will collaborate closely with our technical team to support the training of new AI tasks, contributing to innovative initiatives. Your responsibilities include refining annotation tools and selecting complex problems from advanced materials science fields to drive significant improvements in model performance. This involves gathering or providing data in text, voice, and video formats, including annotations, audio recordings, or video sessions—tasks with which you must be comfortable and eager to engage.

This position demands a dynamic approach to learning and adapting in a fast-paced environment, where your ability to interpret and execute tasks based on evolving instructions is crucial.

*The AI Tutor - Materials Science Specialist role is a remote position.* *We prefer candidates available for full-time employment, but exceptional applicants seeking part-time opportunities will also be considered* *(please see the bottom of this job description for more details).*

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Use proprietary software applications to provide input/labels on defined projects.
* Support and ensure the delivery of high-quality curated data.
* Play a pivotal role in supporting and contributing to the training of new tasks, working closely with the technical staff to ensure the successful development and implementation of cutting-edge initiatives/technologies.
* Interact with the technical staff to help improve the design of efficient annotation tools.
* Solve problems that help drive innovation in materials by guiding AI models to enhance research in specialized areas, improving outcomes in scientific discovery and application.
* Choose problems from various fields across materials science that align with your specialization, where you can confidently provide detailed solutions and evaluate model responses.
* Regularly interpret, analyze, and execute tasks based on given instructions.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Master’s or PhD in materials science, physics, chemistry, chemical engineering, or a highly related field.
* Expertise and specialization in a materials-related subdomain, including but not limited to energy materials, semiconductors, nanomaterials, metals, alloys, biomaterials, polymers, elastomers, ceramics, or glasses.
* Proficiency in reading and writing, both in informal and professional English.
* Strong ability to navigate various information resources, databases, and online resources is essential.
* Outstanding communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational capabilities.
* Solid reading comprehension skills combined with the capacity to exercise autonomous judgment even when presented with limited data/material.
* Strong passion for and commitment to technological advancements and innovation.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Advanced expertise in materials science, demonstrated by multiple publications, or patents, preferably with one or more first-author papers, in reputable peer-reviewed journals
* Previous AI Tutoring experience.
* Teaching experience (as a professor, teacher, or tutor).
* Experience in technical writing, journalism, or a professional writing setting.

### **LOCATION AND OTHER EXPECTATIONS:**

* Tutor roles may be offered as full-time, part-time, or contractor positions, depending on role needs and candidate fit.
* For contractor positions, hours will vary widely based on project scope and contractor availability, with no fixed commitments required.  On average most projects may involve at least 10 hours per week to achieve deliverables effectively though this is not a fixed commitment and depends on the scope of work. Contractors have full flexibility to set their own hours and determine the exact amount of time needed to complete deliverables.
* Tutor roles may be performed remotely from any location worldwide, subject to legal eligibility, time-zone compatibility, and role specific needs.
* For US based candidates, please note we are unable to hire in the states of Wyoming and Illinois at this time.
* We are unable to provide visa sponsorship.
* For those who will be working from a personal device, your computer must be a Chromebook, Mac with MacOS 11.0 or later, or Windows 10 or later.

### COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:

US based candidates: $45/hour - $75/hour depending on factors including relevant experience, skills, education, geographic location, and qualifications. International candidates: Information will be provided to you during the recruitment process.  
  
Benefits vary based on employment type, location and jurisdiction. Benefits for eligible U.S. based positions include health insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave. Specific details and role specific information will be provided to you during the interview process.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
