---
title: Applied Math Tutor
status: active
id: '4925878007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4925878007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2025-09-30T19:52:26-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- STEM
offices:
- Remote
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

As an AI Tutor - Applied Math Specialist, you’ll play a key role in advancing xAI’s mission by enhancing our AI technologies through high-quality inputs, labels, and annotations using specialized software. You’ll collaborate with our technical team to train models on human interactions, problem-solving, and discussions; refine annotation tools; and select/create challenging applied math problems to boost performance.

All of our AI Tutor roles potentially involve gathering or providing data in text, voice, and video formats, including annotations, audio recordings, or video sessions—tasks with which candidates must be comfortable.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Use proprietary software applications to provide input/labels on defined projects.
* Support and ensure the delivery of high-quality curated data.
* Play a pivotal role in supporting and contributing to the training of new tasks, working closely with the technical staff to ensure the successful development and implementation of cutting-edge initiatives/technologies.
* Interact with the technical staff to help improve the design of efficient annotation tools.
* Choose problems from applied math domains that align with your expertise, focusing on areas such as probability, statistics, numerical analysis, optimization, operations research, dynamical systems, data modeling, and related fields where you can confidently provide detailed solutions and evaluate model responses.
* Interpret, analyze, and execute tasks based on given instructions.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Must have either (a) a Master’s or PhD in Mathematics with a specialization in a subdomain of applied mathematics (there is a separate position for pure math) or (b) a medal in an International Math Olympiad (IMO) or similar level math competition.
* Proficiency in reading and writing, both in informal and professional English.
* Strong ability to navigate various information resources and databases.
* Outstanding communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational capabilities.
* Solid reading comprehension skills combined with capacity to exercise autonomous judgment even when presented with limited data/material.
* A strong passion for and commitment to technological advancements and innovation.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Math PhD with a specialization in a subdomain of applied mathematics.
* Peer-reviewed applied math publications in well-regarded journals.
* Previous AI Tutoring experience and/or experience teaching college courses.

### LOCATION AND OTHER EXPECTATIONS:

* Tutor roles may be offered as full-time, part-time, or contractor positions, depending on role needs and candidate fit.
* For contractor positions, hours will vary widely based on project scope and contractor availability, with no fixed commitments required.  On average most projects may involve at least 10 hours per week to achieve deliverables effectively though this is not a fixed commitment and depends on the scope of work. Contractors have full flexibility to set their own hours and determine the exact amount of time needed to complete deliverables.
* Tutor roles may be performed remotely from any location worldwide, subject to legal eligibility, time-zone compatibility, and role specific needs.
* For US based candidates, please note we are unable to hire in the states of Wyoming and Illinois at this time.
* We are unable to provide visa sponsorship.
* For those who will be working from a personal device, your computer must be a Chromebook, Mac with MacOS 11.0 or later, or Windows 10 or later.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

US based candidates: $45/hour - $75/hour depending on factors including relevant experience, skills, education, geographic location, and qualifications. International candidates: Information will be provided to you during the recruitment process.

Benefits vary based on employment type, location and jurisdiction. Benefits for eligible U.S. based positions include health insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave. Specific details and role specific information will be provided to you during the interview process.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
