---
title: Client Partner
status: active
id: '4940376007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4940376007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2025-10-16T19:45:14-04:00'
location: Bastrop, TX; Los Angeles, CA; New York, NY
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Bastrop, TX
- Los Angeles, CA
- New York, NY
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

We are seeking a dynamic and experienced Client Partner to join X’s world-class team of media professionals, where you will drive revenue growth by building strong relationships with Fortune 500 companies and their advertising agencies. In this role, you will create impactful, consultative sales strategies to showcase X’s advertising products, helping advertisers connect with consumers and achieve their marketing goals. Ideal candidates are passionate about X’s mission to preserve free expression and choice, thrive in collaborative environments, and bring a deep understanding of the social media landscape to fuel innovative advertising solutions.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Establish and nurture collaborative business relationships between X and Fortune 500 companies, as well as their marketing agencies.
* Develop consultative sales presentations to demonstrate how X’s advertising products can be leveraged to effectively engage consumers.
* Partner with advertisers to build and execute high-impact campaigns, measure performance, and drive renewals and upselling opportunities to fuel revenue growth.
* Stay at the forefront of thought leadership by immersing yourself in the evolving social media landscape and adapting to X’s ongoing product developments.
* Mentor new team members, fostering a collaborative and high-performing team culture as the organization grows.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 8+ years of experience in digital media sales, working with Fortune 500 companies and advertising agencies.
* Established relationships with marketing decision-makers at companies and agencies.
* Proven track record of developing and growing a book of business.
* Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with the ability to articulate complex ideas clearly.
* Deep understanding of X, the social media landscape, and opportunities for marketers to leverage these platforms.
* Bachelor’s degree (BA/BS) or equivalent relevant experience.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Vertical experience in retail, dining, technology, automotive, travel, media & entertainment, or consumer packaged goods.
* Strong aptitude for creative problem-solving and a preference for working in small, collaborative teams.
* A passion for X’s mission to create a marketplace that enables economic success for all participants.
* Experience mentoring or onboarding team members in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.
* A proactive mindset with the ability to adapt to rapidly evolving industry trends.
* A sense of humor and enthusiasm for thriving in a dynamic, mission-driven organization.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$135,000 - $250,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at X, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
