---
title: Software Engineer - Networking Software and Services
status: active
id: '4946696007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4946696007
lastmod: '2026-06-22T13:58:04-04:00'
date: '2025-10-15T14:47:39-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

## About the Role

As part of the Network Software and Services for AI (nssAI) team at xAI, you'll build cutting-edge software, services, and frameworks to empower our Network Development Engineers. Working hands-on, you’ll tackle all facets of network management—metric collection, configuration, zero-touch provisioning, monitoring, and auto-remediation—driving automation-first solutions for xAI’s production and ancillary networks. Expect to develop extensible tools, streamline complex processes, and ensure rock-solid reliability to support xAI’s mission of accelerating human scientific discovery through AI.

## Location

The role is based in the offices of Palo Alto - California, Memphis - Tennessee or Remote. There will be travel expected to Palo Alto for inter team collaboration and the data center for hands-on experience using the software you write and identifying other opportunities of improvement.

## Focus

* Building software and tools with extensive metrics coverage for some of the world’s largest GPU supercomputing network fabrics used for AI training and serving customer inference queries.
* Implement IaC best practices, enhancing deployment pipelines, and ensuring robust, secure service delivery across our production environments.

## Preferred Skills and Experience

* Deep experience collaborating with network engineers daily using extensive knowledge of network topologies, physical and logical, and network protocols.
* Expert knowledge and proven history with designing scalable and reliable software from the ground up that can build and orchestrate tens of thousands of network devices at lightning speeds.
* Ability to thrive in ambiguity, creating metrics that will help prioritize the focus of the team and your own.

## Tech Stack

* Python
* Go
* TCP/IP
* BGP
* RDMA

## Annual Salary Range

$150,000 - 250,000k

## Benefits

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
