---
title: Client Partner - Ecommerce & Digital Native
status: active
id: '4990853007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4990853007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2025-11-24T13:24:08-05:00'
location: Singapore, SG
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Singapore, SG
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

If you’re an enthusiastic X user with relevant experience and a passion for learning, we invite you to talk to us about our advertising sales organization at X. This position is located in our office in Singapore and will require some travel to client and agency locations. The Client Partner will report to the Regional Sales Manager.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Define and drive X’s Digital Native client strategy and roadmap to develop business partnerships.
* Forge long term collaborative relationships with top regional clients based out of Greater China.
* Formulate and execute an industry strategy to drive client growth and achieve revenue objectives on X.
* Identify incremental business transformation opportunities to build and retain senior-level X clients.
* Collaborate with these clients, along with their media and creative agencies, to design and implement both performance marketing and brand-building campaigns.You will also cultivate a wide array of senior client relationships on X, aligning their business and marketing strategies with X’s solutions.
* Work closely with our internal teams to identify and create new revenue opportunities  for our clients
* Thought leadership – immersing yourself in the evolving social media landscape, and adapting to X’s ongoing product developments.
* Mentoring new team members as our organization grows.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* A minimum of 7 years in sales/business development across Greater China and/or APAC markets. Familiarity with Fintech/ Web3, ShortDrama, Entertainment Apps industries is a plus; strong understanding of app user growth/growth hacking is preferred.
* Sales driven mentality with a competitive mindset to attain sales targets every quarter. Ability to hunt new logos and drive incremental sales.
* Fluency in English; Business Chinese is highly preferred due to the need to liaise with China clients
* Leadership skills to influence C-level marketers and agency stakeholders.
* A track record demonstrating an ability to develop and grow a book of business.
* Deep understanding of X, the media advertising landscape, and digital media's pivotal role in it.
* Curiosity, aptitude, creativity, and a preference for working in small, collaborative teams.
* Willingness to travel regionally as needed.
* BA / BS degree and above.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
