---
title: Member of Technical Staff - Ads
status: active
id: '4996796007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/4996796007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T18:23:27-04:00'
date: '2025-12-03T00:24:51-05:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We’re looking for exceptional engineers who want to join us on a new project to integrate Grok into all parts of our Ads Platform. We’re looking for individuals who have built exceptional advertising products and systems at a massive scale across bidding, auction, marketplace, ranking, prediction, and product. We’re bringing SpaceXAI's technology stack to Ads Platform and using it to transform our advertising stack.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Leverage the latest Grok models to power all stages of our advertising stack, from candidate selection to ranking, auction, campaign optimization, creative generation, and advertiser experience.
* Own and operate systems and products, driving the majority of revenue.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 3+ years of industry experience working on large-scale, high-throughput AI-powered advertising products.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
