---
title: Security Engineer - Detection & Response
status: active
id: '5008186007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5008186007
lastmod: '2026-06-19T19:03:06-04:00'
date: '2025-12-18T19:18:41-05:00'
location: New York, NY; Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Information Security
offices:
- New York, NY
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

You will be responsible for leading day-to-day security threat management. You will help identify and manage potential incidents and work with partner teams on known or suspected security threats. You will support threat intelligence, threat hunting, intrusion detection, and incident response efforts that adhere to, and push forward, best practices.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Certifications like CISA, CRISC, CGEIT, Security+, CASP+, or similar preferred.
* Drive continual improvement in processes, procedures and automations to improve the quality and effectiveness of the team.
* Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation performing security incident response
* Commandeering security incidents and updating stakeholders.
* Identify and develop new detection use cases and optimize existing detections.
* Collaborate on technical directions and solutions with other teams.
* Research and analyze patterns in security events across X’s global infrastructure.
* Identify, design, and lead threat hunting missions to quantify and reduce threats.
* Manage and support the log collection, security scanning, intrusion detection, and other security-related systems.
* Design and assist in the development of automation to reduce false positives and handle events automatically.
* Analyze the security posture of systems via testing and vulnerability impact analysis.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* 2+ years of relevant information security experience
* Self starter, can receive a task and execute with minimal supervision
* Strong Python scripting skills for implementing security automation
* Knowledge of networking and macOS, Windows or Linux operating systems.
* Knowledge of cloud security fundamentals and practices (vendor agnostic).
* Experience managing and/or deploying security technology.
* Experience with building queries and dashboards for security monitoring.
* Knowledge of current threats and techniques and a desire to research and learn more.
* Experience with malware analysis, forensics or penetration testing.
* Problem solving skills or experience with troubleshooting.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Elastic / OpenSearch or similar platforms
* Open Source security automation tooling

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
