---
title: SOC Manager
status: active
id: '5022474007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5022474007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-14T15:41:05-05:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Security
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

xAI is looking for a seasoned Security Operations Center (SOC) Manager to direct the day-to-day operations of our SOC in a dynamic, high-growth organization. In this role, you will lead a blended team of full-time employees and third-party contractors, driving consistent excellence in operational delivery.

The successful candidate will be a proven leader with deep expertise in incident response and crisis management, outstanding communication abilities, and a track record of developing and coaching top-tier teams.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Lead and manage a diverse GSOC team comprising full-time employees and vendor contractors, overseeing scheduling, training, mentoring, and performance evaluations to foster a high-performing unit.
* Develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to standardize processes and deliver consistent operational excellence.
* Supervise  security monitoring operations, leveraging tools such as Genetec for access control, video surveillance systems, AI analytics, and integrated platforms.
* Direct incident response protocols, including detection, triage, escalation, resolution, and clear, timely communication with executive stakeholders.
* Manage emergency notification processes using platforms like Envoy to ensure rapid and effective alerts.
* Partner collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including Corporate Security, Workplace, IT, and HR, to align security strategies with organizational objectives.
* Generate detailed incident logs, performance metrics, and post-incident reviews, while proactively identifying and implementing opportunities for continuous improvement.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* 5+ years of Corporate Security experience, with at least 2+ years in a managerial or supervisory role.
* 9+ years of combined security experience across corporate security, law enforcement, or military service.
* Documented military service or equivalent operational leadership experience
* Proficiency in Genetec Access Control and Video Management Systems.
* Familiarity with Envoy, Jira, Slack, and Google Workspace.
* Experience with AI analytics Software
* Strong incident management and crisis decision-making skills.
* Excellent written and verbal communication, capable of briefing executives clearly and concisely.
* A collaborative mindset and commitment to building high-performing, customer-focused teams.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* CPP, PSP or equivalent certifications are a plus.
* 4+ years of leadership experience in military, law enforcement or emergency response.
* Familiarity with troubleshooting access control and video management systems.
* Experience in a safety function managing large sites, corporate, or manufacturing environments is desirable.

### COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:

$110,000 - $170,000 base salary + equity

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
