---
title: U.K. Legal Counsel
status: active
id: '5032210007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5032210007
lastmod: '2026-07-17T13:52:41-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T16:55:40-05:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- London, UK
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

SpaceXAI is seeking an mid-level attorney to support its non-U.S. regulatory litigation efforts around the world. This role would involve assisting the team on responses to RFIs, regulatory investigations, and government enforcement actions outside the United States. This role requires strong strategic thinking, attention to detail, organizational skills and the ability to build good relationships with internal clients. The ideal candidate will have 5-9 years of post-qualified experience (PQE), including strong litigation and/or contentious regulatory experience. Experience with social media industry regulations is a plus but not required.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Support all efforts globally, other than in the United States, to respond to RFIs, regulatory investigations, and government enforcement actions.
* Coordinate with business functions and other members of the legal team to ensure accurate and timely responses to government regulators.
* Interact candidly and respectfully with government regulators internationally.
* Aggressively manage outside counsel spend.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Law degree
* Minimum 5 years PQE, including substantial experience responding to regulatory inquiries
* Demonstrated history of excellence

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

£88,000 - £192,000 GBP

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive healthcare and dental coverage, cash plan, income protection, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
