---
title: IT Services Technician
status: active
id: '5033593007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5033593007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T15:55:48-04:00'
date: '2026-01-23T19:03:19-05:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Information Technology
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We are seeking a motivated and detail-oriented IT Services Technician (Level 1) to join our dynamic IT team. This role is responsible for providing first-line technical support to our Tutors Space, resolving basic IT issues, onboardings and escalating complex problems to specialist teams in various IT disciplines. The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, has strong problem-solving skills, and delivers exceptional customer service. This role is going to support an off-hours schedule and the shift will be from 2-11pm on-site at our Palo Alto HQ.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Provide first-line technical support via phone, email, or in-person for hardware, software, and network-related issues.
* Troubleshoot and resolve basic IT issues, including desktop, laptop, printer, and peripheral malfunctions.
* Assist users with software installations, account setups, and password resets.
* Log, track, and document all service requests in the ticketing system, ensuring timely resolution or escalation.
* Escalate unresolved issues to Level 2 or specialized teams with detailed documentation.
* Maintain and update IT knowledge base articles and self-service wikis for common issues.
* Perform routine maintenance tasks, such as software updates and system backups, as directed
* Assist with onboarding new employees, including setting up workstations and accounts.
* Adhere to company IT policies, procedures, and security protocols.
* Provide new hire onboarding and off-boarding service support

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* High school diploma or equivalent; Associate’s degree in IT, Computer Science, or related field preferred.
* 0-2 years of experience in IT or a related field (entry-level candidates encouraged to apply)
* Basic understanding of Windows and macOS operating systems, Microsoft Office Suite, and common software applications.
* Familiarity with troubleshooting hardware (PCs, laptops, printers) and basic networking concepts (TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP).
* Strong communication and customer service skills to assist non-technical users effectively.
* Ability to prioritize tasks and manage time efficiently in a fast-paced environment.
* CompTIA A+, Network+, or similar certifications are a plus but not required.
* Ability work after hours and graveyard shifts

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Experience with ticketing systems (e.g., ServiceNow, Jira, Zendesk) or IT service management tools.
* Basic knowledge of Active Directory and user account management.
* Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and processes

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$90,000 - $110,000 USD (USD hourly)

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
