---
title: Senior Sales & Agency Manager (Spain)
status: active
id: '5037943007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5037943007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T15:09:44-05:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Remote International
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

In this role, you'll play a key part leading the Spanish sales team in driving revenue growth by partnering with agencies, direct clients and managing a team of high performing sales people in Spain. If you're an enthusiastic X user with relevant experience in digital advertising, people leadership, agency partnerships, and a proven track record of building strong customer relationships, we invite you to explore this opportunity to contribute to X's advertising sales and agency development.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Generate revenue growth for X by managing industry sales across key verticals and agency partnerships, via direct client and agency relationships.
* Lead, manage, and inspire a high-performing sales team, including Client Partners, Client Account Managers, and agency-focused team members, to consistently deliver strong sales results and meet quarterly targets.
* Actively coach and develop the team on core sales competencies, while partnering with Market Leads, Global Agency Team, Revenue Finance, Sales, and cross-functional (XFN) teams to build and execute cohesive strategy for the Spanish Market.
* Own quarterly regional sales forecasts, planning, and execution to drive incremental revenue.
* Build trusted partnerships, expand and deepen relationships, and facilitate active communication between agencies, clients, and X, including developing strategic relationships across all agency types (creative, media, social, etc.) to deliver optimal value through trading agreements and program execution.
* Use in-depth industry, vertical, and agency knowledge to build winning strategies, remove blockers, maximize revenue, and provide thought leadership in the market and key sectors.
* Develop and execute trading strategies for local collaborative agreements that drive revenue for X and value for agencies and clients.
* Develop and deliver educational bootcamp-style training on X products, brand safety tools, best practices, and how individuals use X to inspire authentic brand applications.
* Ensure agencies' and clients' voices, opinions, ideas, and feedback are conveyed back to X's Marketing, Product Development, and wider business teams, including input on sales materials, advertiser insights, and new products/features.
* Partner with sales teams on support plans, growth strategies, and day-to-day matters to increase revenue from existing accounts, unlock new advertisers, and develop first-class programs to uplevel creative thinking and deliver positive business impact.
* Discover and showcase great X usage stories and evidence to shape the agency, brand, and media world's understanding of how brands can use X.
* Build and maintain strong relationships with all key stakeholders across clients and agencies.
* Report on revenue, understand macro trends and internal forces impacting the business, and provide these insights back to the wider organization.
* Provide deep vertical, product knowledge, and insights to drive creative and long-term improvements to X's overall platform offering.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* A deep understanding of both performance and brand marketing, as well as the wider online advertising industry, with a focus on tools and technologies that enable ad serving.
* 15+ years of proven experience in digital media sales, marketing, agency partnerships, or media sales, with specific expertise across the Spanish market and EMEA verticals.
* Demonstrated ability to think strategically about industries, product sets, and complex agency structures.
* Deep expertise in social media platforms, including demonstrated experience in X best practices.
* Strong client-facing, sales, and commercial skills, with experience in partner/agency management, business development, negotiations, and direct advertiser sales, including strategic partnerships.
* Familiarity with agency holding companies and strong relationships across the agency landscape.
* Experience successfully working with Sales XFN teams, Product, Engineering, and Marketing groups to develop comprehensive forward-looking plans and execute them with strategic and tactical initiatives.
* Track record in building, managing, and coaching a high-performing sales team, as well as building senior client and agency relationships.
* Ability to partner within cross-functional teams, consult, bring ideas to the table, and build internal networks for collaboration across teams.
* Strong writing, copy editing, communication, and presentation skills, including proficiency in PowerPoint and Keynote.
* A self-starter who takes initiative, is action-oriented, and can balance quick turnaround with long-term strategic efforts; flexible and effective in dealing with changes in priorities, ambiguity, or obstacles.
* Comfortable with a fast-paced, always-on, start-up environment.
* Team player with a positive and dynamic personality.
* Strong planning and organizational capabilities.
* Alignment to X’s vision and core values.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
