---
title: Client Account Manager (Contract)
status: active
id: '5038183007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5038183007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-29T17:56:41-05:00'
location: Dublin, IE
departments:
- Sales
offices:
- Dublin, IE
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We’re on a mission to become the trusted global digital public square, committed to protecting freedom of speech and building the future unlimited interactivity. Our goal is to empower every user to freely create and share ideas, fostering open public discourse without barriers. Join us in shaping this thrilling journey where your contribution will be invaluable to our success! We are creating a world-class team of media professionals, and seeking an experienced FTC Account Manager to join our Northern Europe sales team (team based in Dublin) to drive further growth.

This is a 12-month Full-Time Contract position based in Dublin, Ireland.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Collaborate with advertisers to understand their objectives, recommending best practices, and developing effective campaigns
* Educate and consult to demonstrate how to use X’s advertising products
* Manage large scale performance advertising campaigns
* Execute, optimize, and analyze advertising programs using internal tools and dashboards
* Resolve campaign issues in a timely and productive manner, and identify and implement process improvements
* Collaborate with a wide range of cross-functional teams and internal stakeholders in order to deliver the best results for our advertisers
* Provide feedback to our product and tools teams to help us scale our advertising platform

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 7+ years of experience managing digital marketing programs for advertisers or their agencies
* Excellent communication skills
* Strong product knowledge, optimization and analytical skills
* Strong performance marketing experience and knowledge especially with mobile app promotion
* Demonstrated ability to create, develop, and enhance customer relationships
* Ability to manage large customer relationships and manage through conflict, driving groups to collective business decisions.
* Proven track record translating marketing objectives into results for advertisers
* Demonstrated experience effectively optimizing marketing campaigns by analyzing performance and recommending adjustments to key performance drivers
* Strong presentation skills, attention to detail, and a bias for proactively resolving issues
* Aptitude, creativity, and a preference for working in small, collaborative teams with minimal supervision
* Must have a strong understanding of the digital marketplace and understanding of the competitive landscape in which we operate.
* A passion for X and our mission
* BA / BS degree or equivalent experience

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
