---
title: Member of Technical Staff - Voice Product
status: active
id: '5051970007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5051970007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T18:54:49-04:00'
date: '2026-03-17T12:37:21-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Product
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The Grok Voice Product team builds seamless, world-class voice experiences for Grok across every platform and product surface. In this role, you will be responsible for designing, building, and shipping voice features across all surfaces. You will have the opportunity to collaborate across iOS, Android, and all product groups.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Own backend engineering for scalable, low-latency voice infrastructure and model integrations.
* Collaborate directly with Grok Voice model, media, and product teams to deliver end-to-end experiences.
* Drive performance, reliability, and quality of voice interactions at global scale.
* Move fast across platforms and product groups as a generalist.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Proficiency in Python or Rust, with a strong track record of writing clean, efficient, maintainable, and scalable code.
* Deep interest in voice/audio AI.
* Strong generalist engineer with backend focus.
* Hands-on experience shipping features on iOS and/or Android.
* The ability to work across all product groups and do whatever it takes for best user experience.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Background in AI-driven consumer products or media generation technologies.
* Track record collaborating across engineering, research, and product teams to ship delightful features quickly.

### COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
