---
title: Mobile Android Engineer
status: active
id: '5057008007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5057008007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T18:56:11-04:00'
date: '2026-02-19T13:25:53-05:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Product
offices:
- London, UK
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We're seeking an exceptional Android engineer to join a small, high-impact team dedicated to creating the world's most valuable AI application, judged by the impact it delivers to users. You'll shape cutting-edge mobile experiences, blending technical mastery with a keen product sense to deliver brilliance that resonates with users. You will work on the most critical product or technical challenge at any given time.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Proficient in Kotlin, Jetpack Compose and reactive programming.
* Has a strong product sense and high craft bar. Builds intuitive and delightful user experiences.
* Experienced in architecting modern large production apps while embodying technical excellence.
* Strong sense of ownership and agency. Able to put on multiple hats and take responsibility for large areas.
* Able to optimize for performance, stability and reliability.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* A proven track record of shipping standout apps or features that demonstrate both technical excellence and exceptional product intuition.
* Deep expertise in the Android ecosystem and related development tools (Android Studio, Gradle, etc.).
* Rust for working with our backend components.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

£107,000 - £262,000 GBP

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive healthcare and dental coverage, cash plan, income protection, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
