---
title: Senior BSA/AML Investigator
status: active
id: '5058161007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5058161007
lastmod: '2026-06-18T15:44:12-04:00'
date: '2026-02-20T13:22:33-05:00'
location: New York, NY; Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Safety
offices:
- New York, NY
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The Payments team is seeking an experienced BSA/AML Investigator to help detect, prevent, and report financial crimes. As part of the Legal & Compliance Team, you will help maintain an effective BSA/AML and Sanctions compliance program (“BSA/AML Program”). You will support the 5 pillars of an effective program.

This is an in-office position based out of either our Palo Alto or New York City offices.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Independently investigate and resolve complex alerts and cases from transaction monitoring systems, including in-depth analysis of payment flows and user behaviors.
* Prepare, review, and recommend filing of Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs), ensuring high-quality narratives and supporting documentation.
* Assist with KYC and onboarding matters as required.
* Conduct Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) on high-risk users and transactions; perform periodic reviews of customer risk profiles and recommend adjustments to risk ratings.
* Assist in tuning and optimizing transaction monitoring rules and scenarios to reduce false positives while maintaining detection effectiveness.
* Mentor and provide guidance to junior team members on investigation techniques and regulatory requirements.
* Collaborate with internal teams (e.g., Product, Risk, Legal) on compliance-related initiatives and new product launches.
* Maintain expertise in evolving BSA/AML/OFAC regulations, FinCEN guidance, and payment industry financial crime trends

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* 4+ years of hands-on experience in AML, ideally in fintech or banking.
* Familiarity with financial crime risks specific to digital payments, money transmission, wallets, or peer-to-peer platforms is highly desirable.
* Proven experience preparing and filing SARs, including high-quality, well-structured narratives — strongly preferred.
* In-depth knowledge of BSA/AML laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), USA PATRIOT Act, OFAC sanctions, and related requirements.
* Proven familiarity with local, regional, and international regulatory bodies (e.g., FinCEN, FATF, or equivalent), with practical experience navigating their guidelines.
* Demonstrated ability to drive operational changes, manage competing priorities, and collaborate effectively across global teams and regions.
* Strong analytical mindset with structured problem-solving skills, a sense of urgency, and the capacity to work independently under minimal supervision.
* Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills, paired with interpersonal abilities to influence stakeholders at all levels and advance strategic initiatives.
* Quick learner with adaptability to evolving technologies, regulations, and business needs.
* AML-related certifications (e.g., CAMS, CGSS) are preferred but not required.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$125,000 - $150,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://deccs.pmddtc.state.gov/deccs).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
