---
title: Member of Technical Staff – Web Engineering
status: active
id: '5063930007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5063930007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T04:27:48-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Product
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### About the Role:

We’re looking for exceptional Fullstack / Web Engineers that can work across the stack but have a passion for frontend development and a keen eye for design. You'll architect and optimize user-facing features that power real-time conversations for millions worldwide. Dive into cutting-edge technologies and scalable backend systems, collaborating with top-tier talent to push the boundaries of web performance and innovation. You have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, where you proactively tackle high-impact challenges that shape the future of social media—perfect for engineers passionate about crafting seamless, responsive experiences that drive global engagement and redefine digital interaction.

### Responsibilities:

* Own and drive features from inception and design to implementation and launch, being the web expert on your team.
* Build and maintain high-quality, performant products and features, leveraging the most modern and cutting edge web standards, technologies, frameworks, and AI tooling.
* Responsible for fullstack features, including user dashboards, personalized experiences, content delivery, interactive tools, assessments, and real-time analytics
* Lead architecture, scalability, and reliability decisions for high-concurrency, low-latency systems.
* Uphold engineering excellence via testing, monitoring, deployment, and secure data handling.
* Drive technical/product decisions with teams and deploy global features to maximize user value.

### Basic Qualifications:

* 2+ years of web development experience.
* Expert in TypeScript, Node.js, and modern web frameworks (e.g., React).
* Expert in modern CSS/SASS
* Experience in high-quality UI and UX design
* Proven track record of optimizing applications for performance, security, and offline functionality.

### Preferred Skills and Experience:

* 5+ years of experience in a web frontend role, working on a large scale consumer app.
* Experience with backend development, proficiency in one or more of the following: Rust, Go, Java, Python, Scala.

### **Compensation and Benefits:**

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
