---
title: Software Engineer– X Core Product
status: active
id: '5063929007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5063929007
lastmod: '2026-06-08T14:32:36-04:00'
date: '2026-03-19T04:27:32-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Product
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### About the Role:

As a Software Engineer for X Product/Platform, you’ll join the thirty person team responsible for building and scaling X. You will be tasked with independently owning significant parts of the system end-to-end: from intuitive user interfaces to robust backend services, data infrastructure, and deep AI integrations. This is a unique opportunity to impact while creating products that are loved by 600M+ users globally.

### Responsibilities:

* Develop backend services, APIs, and data models to support high-volume, multi-user environments.
* Work with iOS, Android & Web client engineers to ship products.
* Design robust infrastructure and microservices for payments, transactions, growth, monetization, and engagement across platforms.
* Build and maintain fullstack features, including user dashboards, personalized experiences, content delivery, interactive tools, assessments, and real-time analytics.
* Lead architecture, scalability, and reliability decisions for high-concurrency, low-latency systems.
* Uphold engineering excellence via testing, monitoring, deployment, and secure data handling.

### Basic Qualifications:

* Proficiency in distributed systems for high-scale, low-latency environments; languages like Rust, Go, Python & Java, and high volume streaming systems.
* 2+ years of experience working on large scale consumer applications.

### Preferred Skills and Experience:

* 5+ years of experience working on large scale consumer applications or early-mid stage startup experience as a founding engineer, emphasizing rapid prototyping, user-centric design, and AI solutions.

### **Compensation and Benefits:**

$180,000 - $440,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
