---
title: Porter Supervisor
status: active
id: '5065030007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5065030007
lastmod: '2026-05-27T13:58:36-04:00'
date: '2026-02-27T14:23:34-05:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

The Porter Supervisor is a personnel management role responsible for overseeing the processes of ordering and receiving products and equipment, providing event support, managing inventory, tracking expenditures, and ensuring that products and supplies are readily available in the necessary areas for the food services department. This position also includes responsibilities for scheduling and payroll management, assigning tasks, and supervising the Porter team as a whole. The Porter Supervisor plays a crucial role in supporting the mission by coordinating the logistics of both perishable and non-perishable resources utilized by our Culinary and Food & Beverage teams. They ensure that all food safety and quality assurance best practices are followed. Additionally, the Porter Supervisor is responsible for heavy lifting during event setup and for transporting products and equipment to support day-to-day operations.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Manage complete departmental checkbook with excess of 10M budget
* Take inventory of on-hand supplies and place orders across all areas of culinary food services
* Receive and check-in daily deliveries from vendors
* Establish and enforce standards for ordering and receiving operations
* Maintain accurate inventory records for all departmental areas
* Collaborate with the culinary team to ensure optimal product and vendor selection
* Lead Special event setup and breakdown
* Monitor and track departmental spending by vendor
* Reconcile invoices and submit purchase orders for food and equipment vendors
* Manage porters for site support, food deliveries, and the cleanliness of surrounding areas
* Assist with events and operations by moving equipment, setting up, and resetting event spaces
* Facilitate the movement of equipment to and from the warehouse for site needs
* Manage staff scheduling, payroll, and attendance
* Conduct annual staff reviews and provide ongoing coaching and development
* Supervise the deliveries of water, ice, and supplies across campus
* Maintain a safe and clean work environment for the team
* Monitor equipment and asset management, including preventative maintenance
* Assist with daily services and complete other tasks as directed by management

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 2+ years of inventory experience
* 2+ years of restaurant or retail food service experience
* 1+ years of leadership experience

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Have or be able to obtain a California state food handier card
* Have or be able to obtain manager level food safety certification
* Experience in a corporate environment
* Experience working in large team settings
* Customer service and or guest interaction experience
* Experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook
* Data entry experience
* Experience with inventory management software
* Strong writing and verbal communication skills
* Detail oriented and organized

### **ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:**

* Ability to carry large heavy items unassisted (up to 25 bs.)
* Able to stand for long periods of time - up to 10 hours a day
* Able to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends as needed
* Able to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects
* Able to participate in internal leadership and development training
* Available to travel when needed to support other sites

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$105,000 - $135,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at xAI You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
