---
title: Facilities Manager
status: active
id: '5080508007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5080508007
lastmod: '2026-05-27T13:58:36-04:00'
date: '2026-03-16T16:27:03-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Austin, TX
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As the Facilities Manager, you will lead a dynamic team dedicated to maintaining and enhancing our state-of-the-art infrastructure. Your role will be pivotal in ensuring seamless operations and creating an inspiring environment that reflects our commitment to excellence. By driving efficiency, managing critical projects, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement, you will help propel our mission of connecting people across the globe and supporting the future of life beyond Earth.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Lead the team responsible for all facilities operations (janitorial, landscaping, mechanics, HVAC, septic, water, trash, office supplies, build-outs, and general maintenance) at the facility to ensure zero unplanned interruptions of services to employees and customers
* Improve area safety and efficiency through regular auditing and continuous improvement
* Manage third-party service providers, such as janitorial teams, to ensure services are meeting corporate standards and terms of contract
* Develop, plan, and execute site improvement projects in accordance with overall business objectives and strategy
* Manage the maintenance, repair, and installation of all facilities related infrastructure such as buildings, HVAC equipment, septic, water infrastructure, and grounds
* Oversee facilities team, HVAC, and electrical technicians, drive overall performance and effectiveness through individual coaching and development
* Prioritize tasks and projects effectively to drive department efficiency and eliminate blockers to critical path

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 4+ years of professional experience in construction or facilities maintenance
* 1+ years of leadership experience

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Bachelor’s degree in construction management or an engineering discipline
* 6+ years of professional experience in construction or facilities maintenance
* 2+ years of leadership experience
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
* Experience managing budgets
* Experience managing third-party vendors
* Experience negotiating contracts and comparing service costs to achieve maximum value
* Experience with asset management software
* Knowledge of building management and automated facilities monitoring systems and processes: HVAC systems, fluid plumbing systems, fire suppression systems, generators, or fuel storage systems
* High attention to detail and cleanliness standards
* Ability to work independently with little direction
* Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
* Ability to anticipate needs and develop innovative solutions for continuous improvement

### ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

* Must be willing to work all shifts, extended hours, and weekends, as needed

+ Schedule may vary depending on site operational needs and flexibility is required regarding overtime and weekend support

* Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, and lifting up to 25 lbs. unassisted
* Must be willing to work onsite, remote work not considered

### ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
