---
title: Tutor - Competition Math
status: active
id: '5083569007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5083569007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T16:35:15-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Human Data
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
- Remote
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

As an AI Tutor – Competition Math Specialist, you'll play a key role in advancing xAI's mission by enhancing our AI technologies through high-quality inputs, labels, and annotations using specialized software. You'll collaborate with our technical team to train models on human interactions, problem-solving, and discussions; refine annotation tools; and select/create complex problems from advanced competition math topics to boost performance. All of our AI Tutor roles potentially involve gathering or providing data in text, voice, and video formats, including annotations, audio recordings, or video sessions—tasks with which candidates must be comfortable.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Use proprietary software applications to provide input/labels on defined projects.
* Support and ensure the delivery of high-quality curated data.
* Play a pivotal role in supporting and contributing to the training of new tasks, working closely with the technical staff  to ensure the successful development and implementation of cutting-edge initiatives/technologies.
* Interact with the technical staff to help improve the design of efficient annotation tools.
* Design, select, and refine tasks grounded in competition math, for example:

+ **Problem Creation:** Develop questions and answers suitable for AI training, in the style and difficulty of top-level math competitions.
+ **Rubric Creation:** Create rubrics for grading model solutions to competition-style problems, consistent with the style and practices of official contest rubrics.
+ **Solution Grading:** Grade model solutions to competition-style problems, with or without a rubric.
+ **Proof Checking:** Check model solutions to competition-style proof problems and determine if they are correct and/or what score they merit.

* Interpret, analyze, and execute tasks based on given instructions.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

Must have at least one of the following:

* Distinction in a top-level math competition (e.g., IMO, USAMO, Putnam, etc.);
* Significant experience coaching competitors in top-level math competitions; or
* A Master’s or PhD in math combined with past participation in math competitions.

Also required:

* Proficiency in reading and writing, both in informal and professional English.
* Strong ability to navigate various information resources and  databases.
* Outstanding communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational capabilities.
* Solid reading comprehension skills combined with capacity to exercise autonomous judgment even when presented with limited data/material.
* A strong passion for and commitment to technological advancements and innovation.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* Previous AI tutoring experience.
* Proficiency with LaTeX, Google Sheets, and Google Docs.

### **LOCATION AND OTHER EXPECTATIONS:**

* Tutor roles may be offered as full-time, part-time, or contractor positions, depending on role needs and candidate fit.
* For contractor positions, hours will vary widely based on project scope and contractor availability, with no fixed commitments required.  On average most projects may involve at least 10 hours per week to achieve deliverables effectively though this is not a fixed commitment and depends on the scope of work. Contractors have full flexibility to set their own hours and determine the exact amount of time needed to complete deliverables.
* Tutor roles may be performed remotely from any location worldwide, subject to legal eligibility, time-zone compatibility, and role specific needs.
* For US based candidates, please note we are unable to hire in the states of Wyoming and Illinois at this time.
* We are unable to provide visa sponsorship.
* For those who will be working from a personal device, your computer must be a Chromebook, Mac with MacOS 11.0 or later, or Windows 10 or later.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

US based candidates: $45/hour - $75/hour depending on factors including relevant experience, skills, education, geographic location, and qualifications. International candidates: Information will be provided to you during the recruitment process.

Benefits vary based on employment type, location and jurisdiction. Benefits for eligible U.S. based positions include health insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave. Specific details and role specific information will be provided to you during the interview process.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
