---
title: AI Tutor - Audio Editing
status: active
id: '5098930007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5098930007
lastmod: '2026-05-26T16:32:35-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T18:34:05-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Human Data
offices:
- Remote
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As an AI Tutor specialized in audio editing, you will contribute to xAI's mission by training and refining Grok to excel in voice interactions, sound processing, and auditory experiences. Key to this role is possessing an exceptional vocal quality (a great voice), exceptional audio perception (a great ear), hands-on background in sound manipulation through editing software, hosting shows, or composing tracks, and demonstrating advanced proficiency in audio principles, techniques, and quality standards.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Use proprietary software to provide labels, annotations, and inputs on projects involving sound clips, voice recordings, and auditory elements.
* Support the delivery of high-quality curated data that ensures clear, professional audio output and accurate representation of sonic details.
* Collaborate with technical staff to develop tasks that improve AI's ability to handle voice modulation, noise reduction, and immersive sound design.
* Work with technical staff to improve annotation tools for efficient workflows.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Demonstrated high proficiency in Audio Engineering, Music Production, Communications, or a related field.
* Outstanding vocal presence suitable for recording and demonstration purposes.
* Proven skills in audio post-production, episode creation, or musical arrangement, with a deep grasp of acoustics, mixing, and signal processing.
* Proficiency in evaluating and enhancing sound quality, with strong expertise in waveform analysis, equalization, and audio format compatibility.
* Candidates must be highly proficient in **at least one** of the following software tools:
  + Pro Tools
  + Ableton
  + Logic
  + Audacity
  + Studio One
  + FL Studio
  + Reaper
* Strong ability to reference professional standards, equipment, and best practices for annotating and refining auditory content.
* Strong communication, interpersonal, technical, and detail-oriented skills.
* Commitment to developing AI that masters sophisticated audio capabilities.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Portfolio of audio work, such as edited tracks, hosted episodes, or produced compositions, shared on platforms or professionally.
* Experience in sound design, broadcasting, studio recording, or roles involving auditory critique and optimization.
* Knowledge and mastery of AI-based audio restoration plugins, including Adobe Podcast Enhance, Izotope RX Series, and DX Revive Pro.

### LOCATION AND OTHER EXPECTATIONS:

* Tutor roles may be offered as full-time, part-time, or contractor positions, depending on role needs and candidate fit.
* For contractor positions, hours will vary widely based on project scope and contractor availability, with no fixed commitments required. On average, most projects may require at least 10 hours per week to deliver effectively, though this is not a fixed commitment and depends on the scope of work. Contractors have full flexibility to set their own hours and determine the exact amount of time needed to complete deliverables.
* Tutor roles may be performed remotely from any location worldwide, subject to legal eligibility, time-zone compatibility, and role-specific needs.
* For US-based candidates, please note that we are unable to hire in Wyoming and Illinois at this time.
* We are unable to provide visa sponsorship.
* For those who will be working from a personal device, your computer must be a Chromebook, a Mac with macOS 11.0 or later, or Windows 10 or later.

### COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:

US-based candidates: $30/hour - $75/hourdepending on factors including relevant experience, skills, education, geographic location, and qualifications. International candidates: Information will be provided to you during the recruitment process.

Benefits vary based on employment type, location and jurisdiction. Benefits for eligible U.S. based positions include health insurance, 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave. Specific details and role-specific information will be provided to you during the interview process.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
