---
title: Member of Technical Staff - X Money
status: active
id: '5108231007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5108231007
lastmod: '2026-06-03T16:34:42-04:00'
date: '2026-04-14T16:55:14-04:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Product
offices:
- London, UK
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

We are seeking a talented Software Engineer to join our X Money team, focused on building a revolutionary global payment network that will serve over 600 million users and rival the world’s largest financial institutions. In this role, you will specialize in backend development, designing and optimizing robust microservices to ensure scalability, security, and reliability. You will support full-stack efforts, collaborate with cross-functional teams on payments, fraud detection, and compliance initiatives, and contribute to the creation of a high-scale financial products platform. This is an opportunity to work on greenfield projects in a fast-paced, startup-like environment, driving innovation at the intersection of AI and finance.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Develop backend services, APIs, and data models to support high-volume, multi-user environments.
* Work with iOS, Android & Web client engineers to ship products.
* Design robust infrastructure and microservices for payments, transactions, growth, monetization, and engagement across platforms.
* Build and maintain fullstack features, including user dashboards, personalized experiences, content delivery, interactive tools, assessments, and real-time analytics.
* Lead architecture, scalability, and reliability decisions for high-concurrency, low-latency systems.
* Uphold engineering excellence via testing, monitoring, deployment, and secure data handling.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Proficiency in distributed systems for high-scale, low-latency environments; languages like Rust, Go, Python & Java, and high volume streaming systems.
* 2+ years of experience working on large scale consumer applications.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* 5+ years of experience working on large scale consumer applications or early-mid stage startup experience as a founding engineer, emphasizing rapid prototyping, user-centric design, and AI solutions.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

£107,000 - £262,000 GBP

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive healthcare and dental coverage, cash plan, income protection, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
