---
title: Controls Engineer
status: active
id: '5116056007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5116056007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-04-21T21:55:51-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

## ABOUT THE ROLE:

The xAI datacenter control systems team is looking for a highly-motivated Controls Engineer to support the operation, design, and optimization of our advanced data center infrastructure. This person will play a key role in maintaining the stability and efficiency of the systems that power xAI's groundbreaking AI research. The Controls Engineer will collaborate with cross-functional teams to monitor and improve the performance of the data center throughout its lifecycle. This individual will work closely with Operations and Maintenance to ensure the systems are running smoothly, from day-to-day management to long-term upgrades and expansions.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Executing the implementation and modification of Building Management System (BMS), Electrical Power Management System (EPMS), and any other SCADA systems critical for the operation of current and future data centers
* Overseeing the operation of critical systems such as chillers, pumps, and power distribution, using PLCs and other industrial control technologies
* Preparing specifications for Human-machine Interface (HMI) including graphics standard for interpretation by Grok
* Implementing and maintaining automated controls for fire safety and emergency shutdown procedures (ESOP)
* Developing a corporate-level reporting dashboard to monitor the operational trends such as power usage effectiveness (PUE) and performance/cost, and dynamically adjust the infrastructure set points for optimal performance
* Coordinating with utility providers to automate demand and operational responses to upstream grid events

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor's Degree in an Engineering discipline: Controls and Computer Control Systems, Computer Science, Mechatronic Engineering, Automation Engineering, etc., or equivalent experience
* 5+ years of experience as a hands-on Controls Engineer working with industrial control systems
* Ignition SCADA Programming Experience
* Siemens TIA Portal PLC Programming Experience
* **Physical Requirements**:
  + Ability to work for extended periods of time standing, when needed
  + Work is often performed in tight quarters and physical dexterity is necessary to perform job functions
  + Comfortable working in an environment requiring exposure to noise
  + Ability to lift or carry 10-15lbs
* Ability to work evenings and weekends as needed
* Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Advanced proficiency in programming industrial equipment in all IEC 61131-3 languages with a focus on structured text and ladder logic
* Experience with industrial control hardware from leading manufacturers (e.g. Siemens, SEL, Rockwell)
* Familiarity with Human Machine Interface (HMI / GUI) development using platforms such as Ignition, SEL, etc
* Methodical troubleshooting approach
* Strong documentation and communication skill set
* Technical project management mindset
* Team-player, takes initiative, and highly motivated

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
