---
title: Receiving & Logistics Clerk
status: active
id: '5121249007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5121249007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T19:26:41-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T13:24:16-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

SpaceXAI's mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity.

As a member of SpaceXAI's Receiving & Logistics team, you would be responsible for tracking, recording, and directing the flow of incoming and outgoing equipment at our Memphis data center. The role is on-site, where you would work with a world-class team to deliver exceptional outcomes on short timelines.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Receive, inspect, record, and verify incoming goods
* Compare incoming goods data with documentation to confirm accuracy
* Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of items received and shipped out
* Coordinate with suppliers and shippers to ensure the correct items are delivered on schedule
* Work with on-site teams to conduct inventory audits
* Use technology to maintain and improve operations
* Ensure the warehouse environment is organized and safe
* Provide assistance with other tasks as needed

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* 2+ years of logistics operations, data analysis, or relevant work experience
* Working proficiency with Microsoft: Word/Excel and/or Google: Docs/Sheets
* Knowledge of industry-standard IMS/ERP systems preferred
* Excellent communication skills
* Forklift certified or ability to become certified quickly

### ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

* Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
* Position is subject to pre-employment and annual post employment background checks
* Ability to lift up to 50lbs. unassisted
* Comfortable working in an environment requiring exposure to noise
* Available to work evenings and weekends, as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
