---
title: Material Flow Engineer - Data Center Operations
status: active
id: '5123360007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5123360007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-04-28T21:14:17-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

xAI is currently seeking an experienced Material Flow Engineer to analyze, design, and optimize the receiving, storage, movement, and presentation of materials for all data center build operations.  Logistics Engineers are responsible for developing and implementing material flow strategies that align with xAI datacenter build goals and drive operational excellence. This role involves using lean material flow principles, data analytics, problem solving, modeling, and project management skills to ensure the safe, efficient, and cost-effective movement of all materials.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* **Process Design and Optimization:** Design and implement innovative strategies for efficient material flow from receipt through installation and any reverse logistics required. Understand critical part flow categories to develop specific plans that will allow xAI to achieve significant scale. Use value stream mapping to ensure end-to-end process optimization.
* **Datacenter and Warehouse Layout Planning:** Develop and implement conceptual and detailed layouts for material flow and storage to achieve targeted inventory levels. Ensure that storage strategies are aligned across the supply chain and achieve maximum desired part density considering all available facility volume. Build and use space capacity models to ensure we have adequate storage solutions.
* **Develop Materials Management Resource Plans:** Using lean material flow principles and industry best practices, develop labor and equipment models to match the material flow strategies. Conduct time studies as needed to determine resource efficiency and implement procedures to track improvements. Ensure that all material handling equipment is optimized for the processes being supported.
* **Data Analysis and Reporting:** Utilize data analysis tools (e.g., Excel, Tableau, SQL) to assess material flow performance metrics, identify issues, and develop data-driven solutions. Support the construction and logistics operations teams as needed with decision making.
* **Safety and Training:** Conduct risk assessments and implement measures to ensure that all Materials Management processes adhere to federal, state, local and xAI safety standards. Conduct periodic audits to ensure that unsafe conditions do not develop, all processes are being completed per design standards and any equipment in use remains adequate for the process it supports. Develop and lead training for new processes and equipment.
* **Project Collaboration:** Collaborate with Engineering, Procurement, and Construction teams across xAI on critical projects to ensure stakeholder buy-in is achieved and everyone is working towards a common target state. As needed, conduct sessions to keep all cross-functional teams aligned.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering, mechanical engineering, manufacturing engineering, or other engineering discipline.
* 2+ years of engineering experience in a manufacturing environment.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES:**

* 2+ years in an engineering role working directly on material flow engineering solutions.
* Demonstrated leadership driving projects in an industrial environment.
* Extensive analytical skills for performing detailed data analysis.
* Experience with layout design in AutoCAD or similar, building both warehouse and manufacturing lineside layouts.
* Experience with material handling equipment
* Knowledge of Supply Chain planning design and warehousing requirements.
* Experience solving challenging quantitative problems in fast paced environments.

### **ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:**

* Must be able to work extended hours and/or weekends as needed to meet major milestones.
* This position is based in Memphis, TN and requires being onsite - remote work not considered.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
