---
title: Supervisor, Security
status: active
id: '5127559007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5127559007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T19:21:01-04:00'
date: '2026-05-04T12:56:47-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Security
offices:
- Austin, TX
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We’re seeking an experienced Security Supervisor to join SpaceXAI's Corporate Security team based in Austin, Texas. In this hands-on supporting role, you will assist the Security Manager in designing, implementing, and managing comprehensive physical security programs to protect our people, facilities, and assets in a dynamic and sometimes high-threat environment.

You will collaborate with global and local teams to deliver effective, cost-efficient physical security solutions that support business operations while upholding the highest standards of safety and operational excellence. Strong project management skills will be essential to successfully plan, execute, and track security initiatives from concept through completion.

You will also oversee the daily management of the onsite security team to keep facilities and employees safe, secure, and operational. In the absence of the Security Manager, handle administrative duties and attend meetings as needed. Facilitate the duties of security officers and ensure security requirements are being met. Work with vendors and internal staff to ensure all security equipment is operational.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

Reporting to the site Security Manager, this position requires a high degree of diplomacy, flexibility, and adaptability

* At the direction of the Security Manager, oversee security programs, protocols and policies; ensuring the safety and welfare of employees on site
* Supervise and mentor security personnel, including the development and delivery of performance reviews; identifying and recommending training programs as necessary
* Technical in-depth knowledge of IP-based physical security systems such as access control, intrusion detection, cameras, and other electronic measures
* Analyze situations, make quick decisions, and formulate action plans
* Identify opportunities and risks, dive deep, and work with internal and external teams to implement solutions
* Adapt procedures and practices to maintain an appropriate security posture in a high-profile, fast-paced industrial environment
* Communicate effectively with senior management and leaders across the organization to determine security priorities and direction

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 6+ years of combined experience in one or more of the following disciplines:
  + US military, sworn law enforcement, overseas contracting, corporate security
  + 4+ years of experience in security officer/military/law enforcement experience
  + 1+ years of experience on the SpaceX Physical Security team
  + 3+ years of experience in a leadership or supervisory role

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* 3+ years of experience in a supervisory role
* Bachelor’s degree in a related field or a combination of relevant professional experience, education and training
* Public safety and emergency experience, such as First Aid / CPR training
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
* Basic knowledge of and experience with various security system electronics
* Strong oral and written communication skills are critical, as well as the ability to think clearly, problem solve, scope process requirements, and prioritize tasks

### **ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:**

* Availability to work any schedule needed, to include: overtime, nights, weekends and rotating
* Position is subject to pre-employment enhanced screening, including a background check, psychological test, bi-annual physical fitness test, and a drug and alcohol test
* Able to wear approximately 20-30lbs of gear throughout a 12-hour shift; ability to lift or carry 40-50lbs of equipment or gear unassisted
* Ability and willingness to occasionally stand in a static position for extended periods and effectively execute duties in extreme outdoor environments – heat, cold, rain
* Willingness to travel up to 15% of time in support of SpaceXAI Security requirements should the need arise
* Valid driver’s license
* Possess or be eligible for a valid state security officer license
* Ability to pass Air Force and NASA background checks for installation access as directed
* Eligible for a US Government security clearance. With an active clearance, candidates will be subject to pre-employment screening including background check and drug/alcohol test as well as random drug and alcohol testing during employment.
* Possess or be eligible for a valid state security officer license and Level III Commissioned Security Officer license

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
