---
title: HR Business Partner
status: active
id: '5146610007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5146610007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T14:56:09-04:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- People
offices:
- New York, NY
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

The HR Business Partner team is a key partner in helping scale the organization and support its talented employees. We work closely with senior leaders and their teams with the full lifecycle of an employee from onboarding, career development, recognition, performance management, org design and more. We help steer important decisions, and operate with urgency in ensuring that all of our teams are able to perform at their very best. In this role you will support both Technical and Non-Technical teams.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Strategize with managers on talent from recruitment strategy and skill needs, to employee relations, rewards and recognition, and employee morale and satisfaction.
* Regularly track people data and identify trends and patterns on hiring, attrition, employee feedback, and compensation.
* Partner with compensation and benefits teams in administering and evaluating our rewards programs, and ensuring employees are educated and familiar with our offerings. Identify areas we can continue to enhance and improve.
* Provide partnership in organizational design through re-orgs, management changes, leveling & titles, and data & reporting.
* Give critical and direct feedback to managers on areas of opportunity so they can continue to grow and lead at a high level. Understand their organizations and products, to better help influence your recommendations and guidance.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 4+ years as an HR generalist/HRBP with exposure/experience across other fields w/in HR or related discipline.
* Experience working in a fast-paced, high growth, dynamic business environment; experience in the tech industry and supporting technical teams highly desired.
* Strong problem-solving, critical/analytical thinking abilities.
* Outstanding interpersonal and influencing skills; demonstrated ability to develop relationships and influence at multiple levels within the organization.
* Demonstrated ability to partner with team members outside of the US on global issues.
* Excellent communication (verbal and written) skills and organizational consulting skills.

### **PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:**

* You are motivated by complexity and challenges.
* You are comfortable in ambiguity and can pull relevant components out of complex situations to connect the dots and make sound decisions
* You are a high energy person and like fast paced, dynamic environments that evolve before they have to.
* You are competitive and like to win - together. You thrive off working with smart, creative people that challenge you to perform at a higher level and draw the best out of you.
* You have a high learning agility and press in to understand people dynamics, new business models and talent processes.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$110,000 - $140,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
