---
title: Fiber Technician
status: active
id: '5148882007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5148882007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T12:47:25-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN; Southaven, MS
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

As a Fiber Technician at xAI’s Memphis data center, you’ll dive into the world of fiber optic systems, applying your core skills and eagerness to grow in a high-growth tech environment. Working onsite with passionate teams, you’ll tackle hands-on challenges to install and maintain critical network infrastructure, ensuring seamless connectivity. Expect to collaborate closely, refine your expertise, and keep our systems running smoothly to support xAI’s mission of accelerating human scientific discovery through AI.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Under the guidance of the Foreman Supervisor, Project Manager, and Superintendent manage all phases of datacenter installation projects
* Ensure a safe and productive work environment
* Develop sensor indicators and conduct timely inspections, so that a faulty fiber optic system does not destabilize its performance
* Troubleshoot, resolve, repair and install fiber optics systems, ensuring that they work properly
* Examine and replace faulty and/or old fiber optic cables
* Organize scheduled maintenance routines
* Take care of fiber splicing and rectify fiber optic problem areas
* Keep track of the signal strength of different devices
* Formulate and maintain system records and system designs

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* 1+ years of direct data center experience installing and routing optical fiber in large scale Tier 3 or 4 facilities as a commercial fiber optic technician
* High school diploma or equivalency certificate

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Certification in fiber optics and/or cable installation
* Extensive experience in fiber splicing
* Technical knowledge of communication networks
* Knowledgeable of computers and associated electronic systems
* Knowledgeable of different fiber types
* Experience installing, certifying, and troubleshooting fiber in hyperscale data center environments
* Experience installing structured cabling

### **ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:**

* Work in tight quarters and physical dexterity is necessary to perform job functions
* Ability to lift up to 35lbs, unassisted
* Comfortable working at elevated heights (up to 50 feet) with appropriate safety gear
* Comfortable working in an environment requiring exposure to noise
* Available to work evenings and weekends, as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
