---
title: Porter - Night Shift
status: active
id: '5149312007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5149312007
lastmod: '2026-05-28T16:53:25-04:00'
date: '2026-05-28T16:53:25-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a porter at xAI, you will be interacting with our guests (employees), fellow staff members, and management staff in our private restaurant as well as throughout the campus, politely and courteously. You will also help with restocking supplies, staging for takeaway options, and other duties assigned by kitchen management.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Demonstrate sanitation and food safety practices consistently
* Help evaluate receiving spaces to ensure a safe and secure environment
* Complete daily, weekly, and monthly tasks in a timely and accurate manner
* Follow company safety standards and look out for the safety of other team members and guests
* Coordinate job duties around other team members to help ensure efficient preparation for the opening of service
* Put food orders away accurately and rotate stock in the cooler, freezer, and dry storage area using the first-in-first-out (FIFO) method while monitoring shelf life and code dates
* Maintain a basic working knowledge of the operation of all the equipment in the restaurant

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* 1+ year of either restaurant experience, warehouse experience, and/or customer service experience

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Restaurant experience
* Porter experience
* Inventory experience
* Current and valid WA food handler’s card or equivalent
* Ability to work well with others and be self-driven
* Complete other miscellaneous tasks as assigned by the manager on duty

### ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

* Must be available to work the following shift
  + 2nd Shift: Monday - Friday: 11AM – 930PM
* Ability to carry large, heavy items unassisted such as large packages, dishes in tubs, or trays (up to 25 lbs. unassisted)
* Ability to stand for long periods of time – up to 8-10 hours a day
* Willingness to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends as needed
* Frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects

### ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
