---
title: Product Counsel
status: active
id: '5149101007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5149101007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T11:44:07-04:00'
location: Austin, TX; Los Angeles, CA; New York, NY; Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **About the Role**

Product Counsel are key advisors to xAI’s product and engineering teams, and work cross-functionally across xAI.  We are passionate about the law and growing our business in a way that gives everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers.

Product Counsel must have a deep understanding of xAI’s products and business, and an ability to counsel clients with clear, practical advice in a fast-paced environment. We are looking for people who are collaborative, self-motivated, curious, creative, and clear communicators (both written and verbal). A successful candidate will have expertise in the legal areas we face on a daily basis - such as AI, privacy and data protection, content regulation, copyright, advertising, and consumer protection - and a willingness and ability to continue to learn and stay abreast of changing laws.

This is not a remote or hybrid position and will require being in-office full time.

### Responsibilities

* Provide legal advice to xAI’s product group and engineering teams focusing on AI, personalization, interests, creators, ads, and international expansion.  The product groups you will support build AI models as well as features and products that increase engagement by connecting users with more of the content they want to see.
* Work alongside our engineering teams as they build new and innovative products for xAI.
* Partner with other leaders on the Legal and Public Policy teams, exhibiting a deep understanding of how xAI products work and how their evolution is influenced by global laws.
* Help build scalable and effective processes for providing legal input to clients on strategic product initiatives.
* Work collaboratively across multiple functions, including Legal, Engineering, Safety, Policy, and Business Development.
* Stay up-to-date on relevant U.S. and international laws and regulations, especially those related to AI, privacy, intellectual property, content regulation, consumer protection, and advertising, among others.

### Required Qualifications

* 5+ years of legal experience is preferred in areas covering AI, privacy, consumer protection, and content regulation law; we don’t expect every candidate to have experience in each field, but some combination thereof.
* Exceptional communication skills and the ability to explain complex ideas in a succinct and impactful manner.
* JD degree and bar admission or equivalent and in good standing to practice law in your relevant jurisdiction.

### Preferred Qualifications

* Regulatory and in-house experience is preferred but not required.
* Solution-oriented, customer service, and growth mindset - you welcome diverse perspectives and engage problems with curiosity.
* Ability to integrate into cross-functional teams with a cooperative and participatory approach.
* Experience as an in-house adviser for consumer platforms in the social media sector, dealing with issues related to personalization and data protection.

### Annual Salary Range

$230,000 - $275,000 USD

### Benefits

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://deccs.pmddtc.state.gov/deccs).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
