---
title: Commercial Counsel - Procurement
status: active
id: '5166506007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5166506007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T19:40:00-04:00'
date: '2026-06-16T19:35:33-04:00'
location: Austin, TX
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Austin, TX
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a Commercial Counsel at SpaceXAI, you'll support procurement efforts for software, hardware, infrastructure, and services. Working closely with internal stakeholders, you’ll tackle complex agreements, ensure compliance, and streamline processes in a fast-paced environment. Expect to dive into strategic negotiations, balance legal and business priorities, and support SpaceXAI's mission to advance AI-driven human scientific discovery.

This is an on-site role based out of our Austin, TX office with up to 25% travel required.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Draft, review, and negotiate a wide range of procurement commercial deals, master service agreements, order forms, SOWs, POs, and NDAs.
* Partner closely with engineering, finance, accounting, and operations teams to align contracts with business needs.
* Support compliance processes.
* Create processes for efficient and scalable contracting.
* Pitch in for anything needed in the Legal department, even if it’s unfamiliar or not in your lane

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* 4+ years of legal experience–ideally through a combination of experience at innovative technology companies and/or excellent law firms (startup experience a plus).
* Experience in commercial contracting, with a focus on procurement in tech, software, or infrastructure sectors.
* Proven track record of negotiating complex deals for software, hardware, data, infrastructure, or AI-related technologies.
* Tech-savvy with an understanding or keen interest in datacenters and emerging technologies like AI.
* Have a strong sense of ownership, be inquisitive and enthusiastic about technology, enjoy being continually challenged, and can demonstrate sound judgment in ambiguous situations.
* Willing to go the extra mile to support the SpaceXAI mission.
* JD from an accredited law school and active bar membership in at least one U.S. state

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$176,000-$228,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
