---
title: Sr. IT Data Engineer
status: active
id: '5167318007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5167318007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-06-23T13:20:43-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Information Technology
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

At xAI, the IT Data Engineering team implements and supports applications to help internal customers meet their operational needs. We establish processes for continual improvement, guide administration, and partner with multiple stakeholders on a project-to-project basis. Our mission is to keep the business running effectively while maintaining a healthy application environment.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Help lead xAI’s data strategy by implementing established ETL patterns, creating and supporting dependable infrastructure, and reusable components.
* Partner with business and engineering teams to prioritize requests and consistently deliver excellent results against time-sensitive priorities.
* Collaborate effectively in a fast-paced environment using strong interpersonal communication skills.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* BA/BS in a related field (Computer Science degree preferred)
* Minimum 5 years of relevant experience, preferably in an enterprise environment
* Strong experience with databases (Vertica, MySQL, or similar) and advanced SQL
* Java development experience (Spring, JEE/JSE) and proficiency in Python or other modern languages
* Hands-on experience with integrations, APIs, and message queuing technologies (e.g., Kafka, RabbitMQ)
* Experience working with 3rd party APIs (Salesforce, Workday, etc.)
* Background working in an Agile environment

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Experience with API Gateways (e.g., Kong), RAML, and REST-based APIs
* Designing and deploying scalable, reliable, high-volume data integrations and real-time pipelines
* Big data technologies (Hadoop, MongoDB, HBase, Cassandra)
* On-prem and cloud enterprise solutions (Oracle, Salesforce, Workday)
* Scala / Scalding
* Deep knowledge of access control and data security
* Leading Data/BI/Analytics projects with a customer-first approach
* Custom ETL design, implementation, and maintenance
* Performance monitoring, error logging, and troubleshooting Java applications

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS**

$135,000 - $260,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
