---
title: Paralegal - Commercial & Corporate
status: active
id: '5170639007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5170639007
lastmod: '2026-07-15T11:04:13-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T16:31:42-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Austin, TX
- New York, NY
- Palo Alto, CA
- Washington, D.C.
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We’re seeking an exceptionally talented paralegal to support our in-house legal department. In this role, you'll provide critical support to the legal team across a variety of areas, including contracts, corporate governance, compliance, intellectual property, and enhancing overall legal operations. We're seeking someone with outstanding organizational and interpersonal skills, sound judgment, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment.

This role is full-time on-site and based in Palo Alto.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Assist with drafting legal documents, contracts, agreements, and other legal documents.
* Manage compliance for commercial and corporate agreements.
* Support corporate governance and entity management, minute books, and regulatory filings.
* Work cross-functionally to develop and implement processes to streamline legal operations, integrate technology tools, and drive overall efficiencies.
* Be a team player: pitch in for anything needed in the legal department, even if it’s unfamiliar or outside your core responsibilities.

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree required.
* Have a strong sense of ownership, be inquisitive and enthusiastic about technology, and enjoy being continually challenged.
* Ability to thrive in ambiguous situations and can demonstrate sound judgment under pressure.
* Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to independently prioritize and manage multiple tasks.
* Team-first player who is highly mission-driven.
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a proactive mindset.
* Tech-savvy with an understanding or keen interest in emerging technologies like AI.
* Notary registration or a strong interest in obtaining certification is desirable.

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$100,000 - $150,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
