---
title: Member of Technical Staff
status: active
id: '5173147007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5173147007
lastmod: '2026-07-08T16:07:36-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T15:08:08-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

Member of Technical Staff (X Corp.; Palo Alto, CA): Write code and tests for production services, offline jobs, and internal tools in creating a well-crafted code base. Build storage systems, libraries, and frameworks that help X Corp. scale. Deploy and maintain production services, while finding ways to minimize the ongoing effort required to operate these services. Work on the scalability, resilience, and efficiency of backend components. Collect, clean up, and analyze data to draw insights and formulate ideas, working alongside Product Engineering, Product Management, and Interaction Design teams, and other engineers to plan, implement, and validate solutions to user problems. Reference: 00101175.

**Minimum requirements:**

* Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Technology, Information Systems, or a related field, plus1year of experience in software development.

Special Requirements: Must have 1 year of experience in each of the following:

* Experience with Java, Scala, Python, NodeJS, and React
* Experience with backend development, including building scalable services and frameworks
* Experience with large language models and recommendation algorithms
* Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, and cloud infrastructure management
* Applied advanced probabilistic modeling and mathematical analysis for product optimization and safety evaluation
* Experience with safety-related content classification

Salary: $180,000 - $220,00 per year

**To Apply: Any interested applicant may click on the APPLY NOW button above to apply for this position.**

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
