---
title: Member of Technical Staff
status: active
id: '5173142007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5173142007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-06-24T15:05:16-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

Member of Technical Staff (X.AI LLC; Palo Alto, CA): Build collaborative relationships with the Principal and Staff engineering community as well as with engineering and product management leaders, and partner to deliver impact. Define the vision and strategy for the organization and have a substantial impact on the vision and strategy of customer and partner organizations. Plan and deliver projects that impact multiple organizations. Projects include models and large language model training, pipeline parallelism training of large language models, and fine tuning large language models with truthful data. Identify opportunities for technological differentiation, investment, or divestment. Ensure organization’s work is aligned with broader company objectives. Introduce innovative techniques and analyses to the AI field to facilitate breakthroughs in quantitative reasoning and language understanding. Provide mentorship and guidance to senior technical leaders and managers. Working on hands-on technical problems including design and implementation. Perform cutting-edge research on advanced techniques from AI and deep learning, including neural network architectures, language modeling, and speech recognition. Work closely with leaders across the company to deliver impactful projects which may involve work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, and information retrieval systems. Reference: 00101156.

**Minimum requirements:**

* Must have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, MachineLearning, Information Technology, or a related field, plus 5 years of progressive post-baccalaureate experience in AI/ML research or development.
* Alternatively, employer will accept a Master’s degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine  Learning, Information Technology or a related field, plus 3 years of experience in AI/ML research or  development.
* Must have 3 years of experience in each of the following:
* Developing and applying AI models, including large language models, neural networks, or  reinforcement learning.
* Experience in Python and other relevant languages (such as C++, Java), using ML frameworks (such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or JAX).
* Assessing system performance and designing scalable, efficient solutions for inference and model  deployment.
* Optimizing computational efficiency and memory usage through advanced algorithmic techniques or quantization.
* Building and maintaining robust, high-availability infrastructure for AI/ML services. ∙ Collaborating with cross-functional teams to define technical vision, strategy, and deliver impactful  projects.
* Mentoring and guiding senior technical leaders and managers in hands-on technical problem solving.∙ Driving innovation by introducing new techniques and analyses to advance AI capabilities in  quantitative reasoning and language understanding.
* Leading efforts in resource management, automation, and orchestration for large-scale ML  infrastructure.

Salary: $324,000 - $396,000 per year

**To Apply: Any interested applicant may click on the APPLY NOW button above to apply for this position.**

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
