---
title: Human Resources Coordinator
status: active
id: '5175094007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5175094007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T19:42:34-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T23:17:47-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- People
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a Human Resources Coordinator, you will be responsible for supporting a diverse employee population with crucial services for the full employee life cycle. This position will assist with employee onboarding, HRIS administration, and partnering with the HR team to implement both local and company-wide programs. Success in this role requires superior internal and external customer service, attention to detail, and ability to thrive in a fast-paced and constantly changing environment.

This is not a remote or hybrid position and will require relocation if not already local to the Palo Alto, CA area. Position requires ability to work extended hours and weekends when needed.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Support the HR team in employee relations investigations and conflict resolution
* Maintain our HRIS for all employee life-cycle processes
* Respond to employee inquiries, questions and concerns
* Provide information, guidance and direction on HR policies, programs, and processes to employees and managers
* Serve as the onboarding point of contact for the new hire program and support new employees’ transition into SpaceXAI
* Ensure employee electronic files are accurate and updated, and assist with HR reporting and audit requests
* Assist with the creation, documentation, and implementation of human resources policies, programs, and processes
* Respond to initial unemployment claims and employment verifications
* Provide support to the HR team and deliver core HR services to the workforce
* Assist HR team in identifying department needs, recommending changes, and implementing improvements
* Facilitate site-wide events, such as benefits fairs, volunteer efforts, and team celebrations
* Support the recruitment team with staffing-related support activities
* Maintain standards of strict confidentiality with respect to all matters and documents

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor’s degree
* 6+ months of administrative experience (internship experience qualifies)

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* 3.5 GPA or higher
* 1+ years of intern or professional experience in a human resources role
* Basic understanding of labor laws and an interest in keeping up with trends and updates in HR
* Demonstrated excellence thriving in a fast-paced environment and embracing change
* Experience using Workday, Greenhouse, and UltiPro is highly preferred
* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail
* Experience in HR operations capacity
* Ability to collaborate in a team environment and pitch in as needed
* Ability to work with employees and managers at all levels of the organization
* Customer service-oriented approach to all requests, with a focus on accuracy and timeliness
* Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
* Experience using PowerPoint, Word, Outlook, and Excel

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$76,000-$132,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at SpaceXAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
