---
title: Recruiting Coordinator
status: active
id: '5175323007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5175323007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T18:24:21-04:00'
date: '2026-07-07T18:24:21-04:00'
location: Palo Alto, CA
departments:
- People
offices:
- Palo Alto, CA
---

### **ABOUT xAI**

xAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

We’re looking for individuals with a knack for attention to detail, organization, and coordination. Our Recruiting Coordinators handle everything from scheduling interviews to tracking candidate data and ensuring that candidates have a lasting positive experience throughout the interview process. The ideal candidate has interest and may have experience working in a fast-paced, startup-like environment while wearing multiple hats to ensure our candidates have a positive experience at every stage of the recruiting process. Availability, flexibility, and adaptability are the keys to success in this role.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* Play a crucial role within a fast-paced environment while working to coordinate and manage onsite and virtual candidate interviews
* Schedule candidate interviews and handle any type of candidate logistics promptly and accurately
* Represent and facilitate exceptional partnerships with all stakeholders, candidates, hiring managers, and interviewers to drive excellent customer service and consistent, high-quality work
* Drive and participate in process improvement initiatives and other special projects
* Ensure data integrity by updating candidate records in the applicant tracking system, Greenhouse
* Evaluate and recommend recruitment strategies and solutions to make our processes more efficient

### **BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent

### **PREFERRED SKILLS OR QUALIFICATIONS:**

* Excellent organizational, project management, and multitasking abilities
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills
* Previous experience in a fast-paced environment
* Ability to manage multiple on-going projects, be flexible to change, and adapt to shifting priorities
* Team player with a high sense of urgency
* Excellent written and oral communication skills
* Prior experience in people operations or recruiting functions

### **ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:**

* Available to occasionally work overtime, as schedules vary with operational needs; flexibility is key

### **COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:**

$80,000 - $100,000 USD

Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package at xAI, which also includes equity, comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short & long-term disability insurance, life insurance, and various other discounts and perks.

### **ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://deccs.pmddtc.state.gov/deccs).

*xAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our**[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
