---
title: Electrical Engineer (Data Center Infrastructure)
status: active
id: '5182357007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5182357007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T16:02:15-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Infrastructure
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a member of the facility operations team, you will design, build, and activate some of the world’s most technically advanced facilities and data centers. As an electrical engineer, you will design and build power systems that directly contribute to new infrastructure projects. You will be able to operate with autonomy to solve diverse and complex problems, excel at managing multiple projects simultaneously, and work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. You will work with other MEP engineers, trade partners, and internal customers to support these goals and have the opportunity to drive real global impact, ultimately leading to making life multiplanetary. The position is based in Memphis, TN.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Work in a team environment with other engineering disciplines to provide detailed electrical design and specification for the installation of the following equipment and systems:
  + Electrical power distribution systems.
  + Switch-gear and motor control centers.
  + Exterior and interior lighting.
  + Ground support system controls and ladder logic.
  + Uninterruptible power supply (UPS) units.
  + Standby and emergency generators.
  + Automatic transfer switches.
  + Power monitoring hardware and software.
  + Data/phone distribution and wiring.
  + Building and site grounding systems.
  + Fire alarm systems and lightning protection systems.
* Provide electrical engineering support to facility technicians to troubleshoot existing electrical equipment and controllers.
* Provide engineering support for the design, operation, and troubleshooting of all the facility's electrical components and systems, including:
  + Load flow analysis of electrical power distribution systems.
  + Electrical equipment evaluation.
  + Building and facility equipment grounding.
  + Power monitoring hardware and software.
* Ensure that all equipment interfaces properly with other mechanical and electrical systems, including compatibility with facility power budgets.
* Coordinate all electrical installations and maintenance activities with local electrical utilities personnel.
* Ensure all electrical designs and installations conform to applicable codes and regulations.
* Provide code review and analysis utilizing NFPA 70E, NFPA 70 NEC, NFPA 497, NFPA 101, Vol 5 & 6 AFSPCMAN 91-710, and IBC.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or other engineering discipline.
* 3+ years of professional experience working on electrical projects, power distribution systems, switchgear, UPS's, and/or generators.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* 5+ years of years of professional experience in a similar role.
* Professional Engineering (PE) license.
* Ability to read and understand power and control schematics.
* Ability to read and understand highly technical equipment operation and maintenance (O&M) manuals.
* Experience with variable frequency drives (VFDs) and industrial pumps.
* Experience with controls in MODBUS communication.
* Experience with medium voltage distribution.
* Experience with control panel design and production.
* Working knowledge of power coordination and arc flash.
* Ability to work on multiple tasks concurrently.
* High level of self-motivation, with the ability to work under minimal supervision.
* Good organizational skills.
* Ability to prioritize and schedule workload.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
