---
title: Facilities Infrastructure Engineer (Data Center Infrastructure)
status: active
id: '5182374007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5182374007
lastmod: '2026-07-13T13:26:22-04:00'
date: '2026-07-08T16:02:18-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Infrastructure
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a member of the facility operations team, you will help design, build, activate, and maintain some of the world’s most technically advanced facilities and data centers. You will be able to operate with autonomy to solve diverse and complex problems, excel at managing multiple projects at a time, and work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. As a Facilities Engineer, you will coordinate and execute infrastructure projects as well as oversee ongoing operations and maintenance of facilities, equipment, and utilities. This will involve corrective, preventive, and predictive maintenance techniques as well as operational and design feedback for maintaining and improving all systems at our Memphis site.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Lead internal project teams, consulting engineers and contractors throughout the entirety of the MEP engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning and maintenance process.
* Provide technical engineering support/information to ensure construction/maintenance complies with all standards, codes, and specifications.
* Verify maintenance is being completed and coordinate all repair, build, and contingency systems efforts for HVAC, electrical, cranes, facility systems (e.g. lighting, doors, roof leaks), security systems, and fire protection systems.
* Manage the design, development, and issuance of drawings, documentation, and reports for aerospace, large commercial or industrial type projects.
* Resolve design and construction conflicts in the field in real time with multiple parties (internal and external).
* Prepare and coordinate capital expenditure process; including reviews, approvals and execution of site capital projects ensuring technical specifications, budget and deadlines are met.
* Work with the AHJ to acquire building permits when appropriate, and ensure all certificates and final inspections have been obtained prior to project close out.
* Communicate and deliver building/maintenance activities and schedule to personnel, subcontractors and material suppliers to effectively and efficiently execute targeted deadlines.
* Ensure the reliability and maintainability of new and modified installations.
* Respond to facility emergencies and own facility readiness procedures for environmental threats.
* Write, negotiate, and manage scope across multiple disciplines related to MEP engineering.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, or other engineering discipline.
* 1+ years of professional experience with the design or build of MEP building systems.
* Experience with AutoCAD, Revit, or engineering design software.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Direct field experience with day to day management of aerospace, heavy industrial or large commercial construction projects.
* Experience in conceptual design and budgeting.
* Experience in contract management for large capital projects.
* Experience in managing the engineering, procurement, and construction process for aerospace or heavy industrial type projects.
* Primary experience with electrical and power distribution systems.
* Knowledge of HVAC operation and design principles including refrigeration, chillers, boilers, and air handling equipment.
* Experience with plumbing design and operation including domestic water, wastewater, venting, and storm systems.
* Working knowledge of delta/wye transformers, building lighting, building construction specifications, and facility grounding.
* Experience with critical power infrastructure including UPS systems, backup generators, and automatic transfer switches.
* Experience creating and implementing process/design solutions with minimal impact to business operations.
* Able to quickly assess an issue and assist technicians with troubleshooting and repair.
* Ability to work in a high-concentration, high-stress environment, under possible extended work hours and tight deadlines.
* Acute attention to detail, ability to see interactions with other systems to avoid problems.
* Familiarity with National Electric Code, ASHRAE, National Fire Protection Association, and International Building Code.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
