---
title: Reliability Engineer (Data Center Infrastructure)
status: active
id: '5184586007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5184586007
lastmod: '2026-07-15T12:47:01-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T12:24:46-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN; Southaven, MS
departments:
- Infrastructure
offices:
- Memphis, TN
- Southaven, MS
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a member of the facility operations team, you will design, build, and activate some of the world’s most technically advanced facilities and data centers. You will be the subject-matter expert on the maintenance and reliability of critical infrastructure assets. You will have the opportunity to utilize your knowledge, experience, and creativity to develop novel solutions at the cutting edge of space technology. You will work with other facility engineers and internal customers to support these goals and have the opportunity to drive real global impact, ultimately leading to making life multiplanetary. 

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Responsible for owning and being the subject matter expert on fluid/HVAC components across the site.
* Responsible for owning maintenance and reliability of critical infrastructure assets across campus.
* Commission systems, validate nameplate performance, and implement predictive maintenance protocols to minimize downtime.
* Equipment selection, sizing, and procurement support.
* Drive root-cause investigations for any equipment failures and implement corrective actions across the site.

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* Bachelor’s degree in an engineering discipline.
* 1+ years of professional experience working with various fluids components such as valves, pumps, COPVs, compressors, heat exchangers, pressure transducers, or temperature sensors.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Hands-on experience with fluid (liquid and/or gas) handling systems.
* Experience using data acquisition equipment, as well as test instrumentation and control components: pressure transducers, thermocouples, resistance temperature detectors, relays.
* Experience with HVAC systems and air ducting.
* Experienced in NX or other CAD packages with a solid understanding and application of geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T) per ASME Y14.5-1994 and tolerance stack-up analysis.
* Experience with structural analysis methods in order to optimize hardware to strength requirements as well as to evaluate for life and fracture.
* Experience with pressurized structures and/or lightweight aerospace structures.
* Ability to work independently.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
