---
title: Senior Legal Counsel, Safety, Content & Law Enforcement (JAPAC)
status: active
id: '5189363007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5189363007
lastmod: '2026-07-23T12:35:08-04:00'
date: '2026-07-19T23:53:51-04:00'
location: Singapore, SG
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Singapore, SG
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### **ABOUT THE ROLE:**

X is the everything app — the global town square where what’s happening right now unfolds in real time. We believe in open conversation, free expression, and maximum truth-seeking. Here, your voice matters.

X is adding a lawyer to our Safety, Content, & Law Enforcement (SCALE) team. Our legal team is on the front lines of safety, free speech, and surveillance issues that affect the internet. X’s real-time environment and international growth present unique challenges in these areas and we are looking for a strategic, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic lawyer to join our team in the JAPAC region.

We provide legal advice to teams involved in safety, content moderation, and law enforcement issues around the company. We provide input and guidance around efforts to combat online abuse and to enforce X’s Rules and Terms of Service. We advise the company on policies and procedures for responding to requests for user data and to remove content, related transparency efforts and user notice, and legal strategies for responding to specific requests.

### **RESPONSIBILITIES:**

* You will primarily be responsible for advising the teams that respond to legal demands to disclose user data and for content removal, whether these requests originate from governmental entities or private parties.
* You will play a key role in identifying legal risks associated with requests for user data, requests for content removal, and efforts to curb online abuse and enforce the X Rules.
* You will collaborate with team members in other regions regarding alignment of X policies and operationalizing legal requirements.
* You will advise on the development of policies designed to ensure compliance with legal obligations consistent with X’s customer commitments and work closely with colleagues to update existing policies in alignment with our maturity as a company.
* You will provide feedback to internal colleagues on legislative proposals from governments that impact X’s content moderation policies and obligations to produce user data to law enforcement and government entities.
* You will provide advice to legal colleagues to help them understand the law enforcement, safety, and expression implications of product and design initiatives.
* You will work cross-functionally with your colleagues in Legal, Safety, Global Government Affairs, and other teams across the company to share guidance and find creative solutions. Every day will be different than the one before!

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* You are passionate and enthusiastic about protecting user privacy, freedom of expression, and online safety.
* You are comfortable operating thoughtfully, at times, quickly, and working on cutting-edge legal and policy matters where there is ambiguity and a lack of legal precedent.
* You can adapt quickly as the legal, policy, and factual landscape continues to change.
* You are familiar with internet-based communications technology, cloud services and the related legal issues.
* You are a self-starter who is eager to learn and works well with minimal supervision, but shows excellent judgment about when to look to managers and teammates for guidance.
* You have the demonstrated ability to think creatively about solutions and devise long-term strategies.
* You work effectively in cross-functional, geographically diverse, multi-cultural teams and are open-minded, inclusive, and flexible.
* You are able to quickly assess emerging situations and develop practical options to respond.
* You are willing to experiment and try new things and learn quickly from failure and mistakes.
* Your responses display legal knowledge, common sense, and sound judgment.
* You prioritize the success of your clients and other stakeholders and recognise that their success is also key to your success.
* You communicate clearly orally and in writing to legal and non-legal audiences.
* You have excellent organizational skills and the ability to effectively prioritize multiple projects simultaneously.

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* You have a J.D. equivalent and are qualified to practice law in at least one jurisdiction in the JAPAC region or the United States.
* You have at least 6+ years of legal experience.
* Knowledge of and experience with criminal investigative process and third-party civil demands.
* Knowledge of human rights law.

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
