---
title: Fiber Superintendent
status: active
id: '5192318007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/xai/jobs/5192318007
lastmod: '2026-07-21T12:18:05-04:00'
date: '2026-07-21T12:18:05-04:00'
location: Memphis, TN
departments:
- Data Center
offices:
- Memphis, TN
---

SpaceXAI’s mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge. Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity. We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company’s mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important. All employees are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.

### ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a Fiber Superintendent at SpacexAI’s Memphis data center, you’ll take charge, overseeing the coordination and supervision of fiber optic cabling installation, modification, and splicing. Working onsite with passionate, driven teams, you’ll tackle hands-on challenges to ensure our network infrastructure is robust and reliable in a fast-paced tech environment. Expect to streamline processes, manage complex projects, and keep connectivity seamless to power xAI’s mission of accelerating human scientific discovery through AI.

This is an in-person role based in Memphis, Tennessee, with approximately 20% travel required.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

* Manage and schedule employees, contractors, and subcontractors to ensure timely completion of projects
* Ensure that contractors and subcontractors are fully executing and complying with their contracted scope of work
* Ensure quality of work by crews
* Complete projects on time and under budget
* Maintain daily written log and plot plans of activities on the job site
* Lead, direct, train, and supervise foremen and crews
* Promote, execute, and adhere to company’s safety program and encourage all employees, contractors, and subcontractors to adopt a safety culture
* Work in a safe and responsible manner
* Encourage teamwork

### BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

* 3+ years of experience managing teams (preferably data center cabling technicians)
* 3+ years of direct data center experience installing and routing optical fiber in large scale Tier 3 or 4 facilities
* High school diploma or equivalency certificate
* Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
* Position is subject to pre-employment and annual post employment background checks
* Available to work evenings and weekends, as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required
* **Physical Requirements:**

+ Work is often performed in tight quarters and physical dexterity is necessary to perform job functions
+ Comfortable working in an environment requiring exposure to noise

### PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

* Journeyman certificate or postsecondary diploma / engineering degree in a related discipline.
* Ability to schedule, manage and understand the critical path of a Data Center project, including typical sequences and workflows through Commissioning.
* Thorough understanding of a Data Center's typical Commissioning process and best practices, including knowledge of Method of Procedures (MOP) processes
* Ability to work closely with Operations and Engineering teams to schedule critical work and resolve quality issues.
* Expert knowledge of and experience in the construction industry and company operations, including building materials, construction specifications, and methods and procedures.
* Ability to lead and manage others, including proactively coordinating multiple scopes.
* Thorough understanding of contract language and expert ability to identify and mitigate risks, and identify and leverage opportunities.
* Expert knowledge of and application of safety and environmental principles/ procedures/legislation and demonstrated experience in implementing a strong safety culture.
* Demonstrated conflict-resolution skills, problem-solving abilities and professional judgment.
* Superior relationship management with the ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with key stakeholders and decision makers.
* Ability to use judgment and analytical skills in complex installations
* Ability to prioritize and use time management practices as well as prioritize tasks based on fluctuating needs
* Ability to adapt, make decisions, problem solve, and collaborate efficiently under pressure
* Experience using Microsoft Office (Excel, Power Point, Word, Teams, Project, etc)

*SpaceXAI is an equal opportunity employer. For details on data processing, view our* *[Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://x.ai/legal/recruitment-privacy-notice).*
