---
title: Staff Embedded Software Engineer
status: archived
id: '4006360006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4006360006
lastmod: '2026-01-12T18:22:18-05:00'
date: '2022-11-07T17:21:18-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Platform Software
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for an Embedded Software Engineer to design, implement and test key aspects of our Humanoid software. 

**Responsibilities:**

* Architect, design, implement and test embedded software in C++ running on the Humanoid compute platform
* Develop Python tools to support data management, test automation or robot calibration
* Continuously improve our development environment
* Contribute to the development of our Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) infrastructure
* Support hardware/software integration in the lab

**Requirements:**

* 10+ years of software engineering experience
* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field
* Mastery of C++, Python and Linux
* Linux Kernel Experience
* Experience implementing real-time software
* Good knowledge of computer architecture
* Deep understanding of communication buses and protocols like Ethernet, Ethercat, Serial, CAN or USB
* Comfortable using lab instruments (Oscilloscopes, logic analyzers…) and debugging tools (Lauterbach…).

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with the Bazel build system
* Experience with Docker containers
* Experience implementing CI/CD infrastructures
* Familiar with Agile and Test driven development
* Yocto experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $225,000 - $300,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
