---
title: Material Handler (All Levels)
status: archived
id: '4551051006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4551051006
lastmod: '2026-05-29T14:36:36-04:00'
date: '2025-03-18T17:07:50-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is headquartered in San Jose, CA.

We are looking for a Materials Handler to support production by delivering parts to the assembly line and ensuring good inventory management.

**Two shift options:**

Morning - 6:00am to 6:30pm, Monday - Friday

Swing - 12:00pm to 12:30am, Monday - Friday

**Responsibilities:**

* Warehouse Management: Organize, stock and validate count of production materials using a warehouse management system while ensuring accurate record-keeping.
* Kitting Parts: Compile parts into an assembly kit based on Bill of Materials.
* Production Support: Receive, store and account for incoming inventory from suppliers. Deliver materials to designated workstations on the assembly line according to production schedule and build requirements.
* Removing used packaging materials and kits from the line for disposal and replenishment.
* Quarantine of suspect parts for engineering escalation.
* Documentation & Tracking: Properly document material movement, including check-ins and check-outs, in the inventory system to maintain precise stock levels.
* Cycle Counts & Audits: Conduct regular cycle counts and participate in inventory audits to reconcile discrepancies and maintain accurate stock records.
* Coordination with Teams: Communicate effectively with warehouse, supply chain, and production teams to address material needs and resolve shortages promptly.
* Safety & Compliance: Follow company safety protocols, material handling procedures, and workplace organization standards (5S, FIFO, etc.)

**Requirements:**

* Respectful work attitude with a championship mindset
* Excellent time management skills and a commitment to punctuality
* Previous experience in materials handling, inventory management, or warehouse operations, preferably in a manufacturing environment.
* Proficiency in using inventory management systems and tracking tools such as barcode scanners.
* Strong attention to detail with a methodical approach to documentation and organization.
* Ability to lift and transport materials safely (up to 50 lbs as required).
* Basic understanding of manufacturing processes and production workflows.
* Excellent communication skills and ability to work effectively in a team setting.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience with high tech manufacturing tools and automation
* Experience with robotic systems, automation, or electromechanical assembly
* Forklift or other powered equipment certification (preferred but not required).

The US hourly range for this full-time position is between $25/hr to $35/hr plus a 7% pay differential for the swing shift.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
