---
title: Failure Analysis Engineer (All Levels)
status: archived
id: '4563653006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4563653006
lastmod: '2026-02-17T16:02:34-05:00'
date: '2025-04-29T14:30:31-04:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and requires 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Failure Analysis (FA) Engineer to be in charge of analyzing failures from product development and field uses to ensure that issues are addressed to meet our product reliability targets. We are looking for someone with strong FA skills and is able to execute end-to-end failure analysis at component (e.g. PCBAs, actuators), module (e.g. hand, battery pack), and system (robot) levels.

Responsibilities:

* Analyze robot and component failures from test and field to find root cause of failure.
* Collaborate with cross-functional partners, including ME/EE Design, Manufacturing, System Integration, SW/FW, and CMs to find and implement corrective actions (CA).
* Implement best FA practices and streamline FA processes to minimize FA to CA time.
* Identify and procure FA equipment and contribute to in-house FA Lab build and improvement.
* Supervise and drive supplier FAs.

Requirements:

* Minimum 2 year experience in hardware failure analysis in robotic, automotive, or consumer industry.
* Understand typical hardware failure modes, mechanisms, FA determination methods, and mitigations, such as fracture (overload vs. fatigue), glue delamination, contamination, corrosion, solder crack, etc.
* Real world product development and FA experience in at least 2 relevant areas such as PCBA, battery cell/pack, harness/connector, metals, plastics, actuator/moving part.
* Possess at least some of following physical FA skills and familiarity in using relevant equipment:

+ Optical inspection w/ Keyence microscope.
+ Laser Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy (LIBS) material analysis
+ SEM/EDS imaging and elemental analysis
+ CT, X-ray and interpret the data (VGStudio experience preferred)
+ FTIR chemical analysis and interpret the result
+ Mechanical cross-sectioning of PCBAs
+ Mechanical assembly / teardown using torque tools.
+ Electrical triage based on circuit diagram and using tools such as DMM, lock-in IR thermography, oscilloscope, probe station, function generator, IV-Tracing, TDR.
+ Instron material testing system.

Bonus Qualification:

* CATIA V6 experience for viewing ME design CAD.
* Altium experience for viewing EE PCBA design.
* Experience in specifying and building a FA lab.
* Experience with high volume manufacturing processes.
* Experience working with contract manufacturers

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
