---
title: Quality Engineering Technician, Metrology
status: archived
id: '4626804006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4626804006
lastmod: '2025-12-17T18:11:44-05:00'
date: '2025-12-17T18:08:11-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our Humanoid is designed for corporate tasks targeting labor shortages and jobs that are undesirable or unsafe. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a technician to work in our manufacturing facility helping to inspect incoming parts and sub-assemblies for the robot.

**Responsibilities:**

* Perform dimensional, visual, functional verification and other inspections per QC plan or Work Instructions
* Perform First Article Inspection Report
* Review incoming quality documents
* Document and report quality issues using 8D
* Maintain the tools and QC area in clean and organized conditions
* Collaborate with technicians, Quality Engineers, and Manufacturing Engineers
* Support other IQC related activities

**Requirements:**

* 5+ years of similar experiences in a manufacturing environment
* Able to read and interpret engineering drawings and CAD models
* Good understanding of GD&T
* Proficiency with common inspection tools, including Digital Height Gage, caliper, micrometer, thread gages, etc.
* Attention to detail: capable of maintaining precision in a fast-paced environment
* Strong communication skills: good verbal and written communications skills with analytics and numeracy

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Proficiency with CMM
* Robotics or other high tech industry experience
* Understanding of manufacturing processes, quality systems, and industrial engineering principles

The US hourly range for this full-time position is between $35–$50/hour

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
