---
title: Reliability Test Engineer, Mechatronics (All Levels)
status: archived
id: '4655258006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4655258006
lastmod: '2026-03-02T13:30:18-05:00'
date: '2026-02-17T15:52:53-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and requires 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Reliability Test Electrical Engineer to design and develop test stations for our humanoid robots to ensure that they are meeting our product lifetime reliability targets.

**Responsibilities:**

* Develop and implement scalable and flexible hardware test systems and instrumentation to meet critical data acquisition and performance requirements for humanoid robot systems and components, including computing, cameras, power distribution, batteries, sensors, radio devices, and actuators.
* Validate test solutions, and support test system integration and execution activities, including hands-on bring-up and debugging.
* Drive test station qualification to ensure test accuracy, repeatability, and stability.
* Prepare and review design artifacts (drawings, schematics, layouts, bills of materials, etc.) for and with peers and external suppliers to ensure test readiness and compliance.
* Collaborate with hardware design, reliability, and failure analysis engineers to develop and execute accelerated life test plans that validate product performance against design specifications and requirements.

**Requirements:**

* 2+ years of experience in hardware test engineering, with a focus on test station design, implementation or deployment.
* Bachelor’s degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Mechatronics, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.
* Experience with a variety of test hardware, including PLCs, power supplies, electronic loads, DAQs, sensors, pogo-pin interfaces.
* Knowledge of communication protocols (CAN, Ethernet, UART, I2C, SPI) and hands-on experience with configuring and debugging these interfaces.
* Ability to design interfaces and support PCBAs for test setup.
* Experience with automation tools, programming languages, and test frameworks.

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Experience designing and executing test plans for robotic, automotive, or consumer products.
* Experience collaborating with test equipment suppliers to specify and develop custom test setups.
* Experience supporting high-volume manufacturing test stations at contract manufacturers (CMs).
* CAD experience (CATIA, EPLAN, SolidWorks Electrical, etc.)
* Experience working with electric motors, actuators, batteries, or battery-powered systems.
* Knowledge in statistical methods (6s, SPC, Cpk) for data analytics

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
