---
title: Reliability Engineer (All Levels)
status: archived
id: '4655262006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4655262006
lastmod: '2026-02-17T15:56:32-05:00'
date: '2026-02-17T15:56:32-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI robotics company developing autonomous general-purpose humanoid robots. The goal of the company is to ship humanoid robots with human level intelligence. Its robots are engineered to perform a variety of tasks in the home and commercial markets. Figure is based in San Jose, CA and requires 5 days/week in-office collaboration.

We are looking for a Hardware Reliability Engineer in charge of driving design for reliability, designing and executing test plans for our humanoid robots to ensure they meet our lifetime specs.

Responsibilities:

* Collect and analyze current and prospective product use cases to define hardware reliability specs and validation methods.
* Lead DFMEA efforts with design engineers to analyze and assess potential design risks, detection and mitigation methods.
* Develop and execute accelerated life tests for materials, modules, and systems, e.g. structural parts, joints, softgoods, robot head/torso, charger, EMC, full robot and robot ecosystem product.
* Work with test engineers to develop custom test fixtures, electronics, and codes.
* Working with cross-functional teams, own reliability test planning and preparation in-house and at supplier sites.
* Drive and manage internal/external resources and suppliers in executing reliability tests in each engineering build.
* Support failure analysis from reliability tests, fleet operations, and field uses.
* Document failures and work with design and manufacturing engineers to resolve issues.
* Conduct physics-based and statistical analysis on test and field failures to assess risk and provide actionable recommendations.

Requirements:

* Minimum 2 years of work experience in reliability engineering.
* Bachelor's degree or higher in mechanical, electrical, materials engineering or related field
* Strong knowledge of hardware failure modes and failure physics.
* Strong knowledge in developing accelerated life test specs and methods, such as high temperature high humidity, thermal cycle, vibration, shock, and load/use cycle tests.
* Familiarity with Weibull++, JMP, or related data analysis software.
* Experience in hardware assembly and instrumentation setup.

Bonus Qualifications:

* Experience with CATIA for 3D mechanical design.
* Experience with Altium for viewing PCBA design.
* Experience with electric motors, gearboxes, or actuators.
* Experience with reliability modeling, e.g. Ansys Sherlock analysis, and Monte Carlo simulation.
* Experience with testing standards such as JESD22, ISO16750, GMW3172, MIL-STD-810.
* Experience with coding languages such as Python, MATLAB, C.
* Knowledge of failure analysis tools and techniques such as optical microscopy, CT/Xray, SEM/EDS, PCBA cross-sectioning.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $120,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
