---
title: Supplier Quality Engineer, BotQ
status: archived
id: '4660300006'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/figureai/jobs/4660300006
lastmod: '2026-04-16T14:28:29-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T11:52:10-05:00'
location: San Jose, CA
departments:
- BotQ Manufacturing
offices:
- HQ
---

Figure is an AI Robotics company developing a general purpose humanoid. Our humanoid robot, Figure 02, is designed for commercial tasks and the home. We are based in San Jose, CA and require 5 days/week in-office collaboration. It’s time to build.

We are looking for a Supplier Quality Engineer with a strong mechanical background to help onboard new vendors, and evaluate and analyze their quality.

**Responsibilities:**

* Evaluate and qualify new suppliers, develop and implement quality plans for suppliers
* Monitor supplier performance metrics and drive improvement initiatives to meet or exceed quality targets
* Review and feedback on vendor DFM and inspection plans
* Review first article inspection reports
* Work with suppliers to resolve quality issues, perform root cause analysis, and implement corrective actions
* Monitor supplier performance metrics and drive improvement
* Work across many types of parts including injection molding, die casting, stamping, wire harness and textiles

**Requirements**:

* Strong understanding of manufacturing processes, quality systems, and industrial engineering principles
* Proven experience with process validation, root cause analysis, and continuous improvement methodologies
* Review supplier process plan and drive improvements before start of production
* Expert at GD&T
* Ability to travel up to 20% of the time

**Bonus Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mechanical, Biomechanical, Robotics, Mechatronics, or similar field
* 4+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering
* CATIA V6 experience
* Robotics or other high tech industry experience

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 - $250,000 annually.

The pay offered for this position may vary based on several individual factors, including job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package may also include additional components/benefits depending on the specific role. This information will be shared if an employment offer is extended.
