---
title: Data Scientist
status: active
id: '4062770009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4062770009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T11:24:35-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Data
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking an inquisitive data scientist to join our team and work with our various datasets to find connections, knowledge, and potential issues in order to help our government clients make more informed decisions.  Your role on the Data Science team will be primarily focused on our large datasets, and you will design and implement scalable statistical systems based on your analysis. You will have the opportunity to expand and grow data-driven research across Govini, and lead new areas to apply advanced analytics to drive business results. As part of our team, you must be a data nerd with a strong understanding of the various fundamentals of data science and analysis and know how to bring data to life.

In order to do this job well, you must be a highly organized problem-solver and possess excellent oral and written communication skills. You are independent, driven, and motivated to jump in and roll up your sleeves to get the job done. You lead by influence and motivation. You have a passion for great work and nothing less than your best will do. You share our intolerance of mediocrity. You’re uber-smart, challenged by figuring things out and producing simple solutions to complex problems. Knowing there are always multiple answers to a problem, you know how to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward. You’re scrappy. We like scrappy. We need a creative, out-of-the-box thinker who shares our passion and obsession with quality.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

This role may require up to 25% travel.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models for advanced data analysis and complex algorithms
* Apply advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques to build, maintain, and improve multiple real-time decision systems
* Make strategic recommendations on data collection, integration, and retention requirements, incorporating business requirements and knowledge of data industry best practices
* Model and frame business scenarios that are meaningful and which impact critical processes and decisions; transform, standardize, and integrate datasets for client use cases
* Convert custom, complex and manual client data analysis tasks into repeatable, configurable processes for consistent and scalable use within the Govini SaaS platform
* Optimize processes for maximum speed, performance, and accuracy; craft clean, testable, and maintainable code
* Partner with internal Govini business analysts and external client teams to seek out the best solutions regarding data-driven problem-solving
* Participate in end-to-end software development, on an agile team in a scrum process, collaborating closely with fellow software, machine learning, data, and QA engineers

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field; Master’s or PhD preferred
* Minimum 3 years of hands-on data science experience
* Minimum 3 years of experience deriving key insights and KPIs for external and internal customers
* Regular development experience in Python
* Prior hands-on experience working with data-driven analytics
* Proven ability to develop solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over large datasets
* Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms
* Experience using machine learning algorithms (e.g., gradient-boosted machines, neural networks)
* Ability to work independently with little supervision
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills
* A burning desire to work in a challenging fast-paced environment

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Experience working on agile/scrum teams
* Experience building datasets from common database tools using flavors of SQL
* Expertise with automation and streaming data
* Experience with major NLP frameworks (spaCy, fasttext, BERT)Familiarity with big data frameworks (e.g., HDFS, Spark) and AWS
* Familiarity with Git source control management
* Experience working in a product organization
* Experience analyzing financial, supply chain/logistics, or intellectual property data

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
