---
title: Vice President of Engagement
status: active
id: '4064354009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4064354009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:53-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Engagement Management
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We seek a driven, outcome-oriented Vice President of Engagement to join our client delivery team. VPs of Engagement oversee deployment delivery within an account from implementation to retention and expansion, executing against account strategy to deliver value to national security clients. They are accountable for account retention and expansion, ensuring delivery success translates into long term customer and company value. They demonstrate creativity and entrepreneurial thinking, while driving focused execution and fostering a culture of excellence and accountability. At Govini, VPs of Engagement roll up their sleeves with their Engagement and Implementation teams to ensure customer success while simultaneously shaping the broader client delivery strategic direction of their accounts. They are domain and functional experts who understand our clients’ operating environments, priorities, and challenges, and leverage this expertise to progress solutions that align with both immediate mission needs and long term strategic objectives. VPs of Engagement oversee the sales motion to close renewals and identify opportunities for growth initiatives. They ensure our teams remain tightly aligned with evolving customer priorities. VPs of Engagement are relentless in their pursuit of value delivery, translating client goals into actionable initiatives, guiding execution, and driving adoption of Govini’s platform, [Ark.ai](http://ark.ai/).

To succeed in this job, you must understand people, care about technology, and have strong business acumen. You understand the complexities of the federal government and national security space and are passionate about using data and technology to solve high-value challenges. You have the ability to collaborate cross-functionally and the motivation and drive to lead a team across the finish line against retention and expansion goals. You’re passionate about the mission and use Govini’s offerings and capabilities to drive change.

This role is located in our Arlington, VA office.

**This role may require up to 50% travel.**

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Own the delivery strategy and execution of all software deployments within the account.
* Lead renewal and expansion within existing accounts, in partnership with Engagement and Sales, with direct accountability for retention and growth revenue from identifying and shaping opportunities through closing renewals and expansions.
* Champion customer adoption and measurable impact of the product.
* Lead and develop teams responsible for deployment management, implementation, support, and product adoption.
* Align teams to deliver against both client outcomes and internal business goals.
* Establish and track KPIs for delivery quality, customer health, product adoption, and operational efficiency.
* Partner with Sales, Product, and Engineering to ensure smooth handoffs and alignment on customer requirements and product capabilities.
* Drive continuous improvement across delivery processes, documentation, and delivery artifacts.
* Determine and adapt staffing models based on account needs, growth potential, and team performance, ensuring alignment with broader company resourcing plans and capacity constraints.
* Lead the development of deployment work plans and align internal teams to execute an efficient resource plan.
* Develop a deep understanding of client workflows and decision needs to inform the configuration of our data and technology.
* Set the standard for and manage high-quality, high-impact deployment execution to ensure delivery exceeds client expectations while smartly employing team resources.
* Perform quality assurance of all deliverables across the account.
* Serve as the escalation point for critical delivery or support issues.
* Discover valuable insights for our client’s business, translate them into strategic recommendations, and present them in a concise and compelling manner to executives.
* Lead, mentor, train, and provide quality assurance for Implementation Managers and Engagement Managers and Directors.
* Regularly assess individual and team performance and refine products and internal processes.

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* MBA or advanced degree from a top-tier institution

**Required Skills:**

* 7+ years of experience in client engagement.
* 7+ years of subject matter expertise with at least one of the following: National security strategy and policy; supply chain risk management, industrial base, and market assessments; technology scouting and innovation markets; federal budgeting and procurement processes, government contracting landscape; AND/OR experience in management consulting, advisory services, software-as-a-service (SaaS), information services, analytical tools, or data analytics industries.
* Strong business acumen, excellent professional demeanor with a willingness to work outside of your comfort zone without hesitation.
* Experience managing and being responsible for assessing, training and providing career development of a team.
* Exceptional ability to visualize and present complex information and concepts with experience in how national security clients prefer to receive information.
* Referenceable history of exceptional performance.
* Detail-oriented with outstanding verbal and written communication skills.
* Ability to command executive briefings and own executive relationships.
* Ability to manage multiple work-streams and projects from start to finish, to learn quickly, and to work independently.

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
