---
title: Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)
status: active
id: '4068849009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068849009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:50-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking an exceptional Quality Assurance Engineer to serve as our quality champion and join our team to support our company’s product development process. You will work hand-in-hand with our development team to identify elements that are in need of improvement and revision, whether this involves minor performance glitches or apocalypse-level bugs. You will be responsible for constructing and performing both automated and manual testing while producing associated documentation to assist with finding and correcting problems in the future. Through focus testing and automation, you will identify high-impact areas to enhance our platform quality, maintain an excellent user experience, and drive new feature functionality.

In order to do this job well, you must be naturally curious and an eager problem solver. You love to break things and are obsessed with the details. You’re uber-smart, challenged by figuring things out and producing simple solutions to complex problems. Knowing there are always multiple answers to a problem, you know how to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward. You’re scrappy. We like scrappy.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

**This role may require up to 10% travel**

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Create, design, and develop all aspects of our automated testing, including creating and running automated regression test scripts.
* Formulate detailed test plans; create test cases, test scripts, test data and expected results for both manual and automated testing.
* Assist in managing development/DevOps processes towards a CI/CD workflow, aligning to a continuous release-based focus.
* Work directly with development team to iteratively plan, test, and release high-quality feature development
* Effectively understand requirements from customers and work with the internal team to design solutions to meet their requirements
* Generate team metrics and information that improve development practices
* Proactively identify opportunities to reduce risk and improve performance
* Manage and Track the defects/bugs using JIRA and coordinate defect review meetings to prioritize defects
* Coordinate with development team for feature release and defect management

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience

**Required Skills:**

* Must have prior experience working in a product organization
* 3+ years of software development in test experience, including expertise in testing methodologies, experience with standard QA and development tools, and the ability to operate within short-release cycles
* 3+ years of Software test automation experience working with the following technologies: Selenium, JavaScript, Python, PostgreSQL
* Minimum of 3 years hands-on experience in developing regression and functional test plans, managing defects, and implementing automated testing
* Excellent troubleshooting, analytical, and problem-solving skills
* Demonstrated ability to balance long-term roadmap vision with the unavoidable shifting of short-term priorities in an agile, startup environment
* Exceptional written and verbal communication with both client-facing and technical team members
* High degree of ability to work autonomously with little supervision in a fast-paced environment
* Self-motivated and organized

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Experience and interest in National Security
* Proficiency in working with Java applications
* Experience with performance/stress/load/volume testing
* Understanding of technological infrastructure involved in building data products

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
