---
title: Forward Deployed Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4068889009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068889009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T11:07:10-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States;
  Remote
departments:
- Forward Deployed
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking self-starting, customer-value-oriented software engineers to join our Forward Deployed Engineering team. As a Forward Deployed Software Engineer at Govini, you are accountable for building new and differentiated 0-to-1 capabilities, in the field with our customers, end to end. You are motivated by moving quickly but responsibly against urgent and compelling opportunities to deliver valuable software-driven outcomes to our customers. The idea of building something new energizes you and want to work on problems that matter, and you want to own. You understand and appreciate the value of face-to-face interactions with end users, and constantly seek to push the boundaries of what is possible.

In order to do this job well, you must be a curious and eager problem solver. You must possess exceptional judgment when it comes to balancing competing priorities and making tradeoffs. You must be flexible, you must value outcomes over process, you must thrive in ambiguous environments,  and above all else focus on solving valuable problems for our customers.

In a typical week, the individual who fills this position could expect to:

- Spend the day onsite with users, listening to problems and asking questions seeking to understand pain points

- Collaborate with product managers and designers to scope, architect, and deliver 0-to-1 product initiatives and prototypes.

- Build and deliver working, customer-facing prototypes.

- Assess, prioritize, and correct the most important gaps in prototype solutions under development based on user feedback and in partnership with product managers

- Fail often, iterate quickly, and try again

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Arlington, VA, Pittsburgh, PA, or Remote.

**This role may require up to 50% travel.**

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Conduct customer site visits to diagnose and understand pain points
* Participate in the end-to-end software development of new feature functionality and design capabilities
* Iterate quickly to progressively unlock customer value
* Craft clean, testable, and maintainable code

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field, or equivalent work experience
* 1+ years of front-end or back-end software development experience (SQL, Java and/or Typescript/React)
* Ability to work independently with little supervision
* A burning desire to work in a challenging, fast-paced tech environment

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Experience working within the boundaries of a federally accredited software environment
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Experience working in a customer-facing or consulting role

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
