---
title: Senior Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4068826009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068826009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:49-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Arlington Office
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a skilled and dedicated developer to join our Engineering team. As an SWE at Govini, you show a clear passion for quality and love to bring software to life. You are energized by the idea of building something new and want to work on problems that matter.

In order to do this job well, you must be a curious and eager problem solver with a hunger for building well-designed, high-quality solutions.  You have a passion for great work and nothing less than your best will do. You share our intolerance of mediocrity. You’re uber-smart, challenged by figuring things out and producing simple solutions to complex problems. Knowing there are always multiple answers to a problem, you know how to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward. You’re scrappy. We like scrappy.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

This role may require up to 10% travel

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Actively participate in designing, building and testing scalable data architecture
* Craft clean, testable, and maintainable code
* Participate in the end to end software development of new feature functionality and design capabilities
* Optimize processes for maximum speed and accuracy
* Regularly seek out innovation and continuous improvement, finding efficiency in all assigned tasks
* Work in an agile team in a scrum process, collaborating closely with fellow software engineers, DBEs, and QA engineers

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field, or equivalent work experience

**Required Skills:**

* 6+ years of software development experience with a high-level software stack
* Advanced SQL development
* Familiarity with PostgreSQL administration
* Strong proficiency with backend API languages such as Java/Spring Boot (preferred) or equivalent
* Experience performing meaningful tasks in Linux
* Prior hands-on experience working with data-driven analytics
* Experience working in agile/scrum teams
* Ability to work independently with little supervision
* A burning desire to work in a challenging fast-paced tech environment

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Familiarity with Git source control management
* Familiarity with Javascript/ReactJS
* Familiarity with CSS
* Previously experience working in a product organization

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
