---
title: Senior Data Platform Engineer
status: active
id: '4068819009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068819009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:44-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking an exceptional and experienced data platform engineer who shares our passion and obsession with quality.  You'll be a core member of our product and engineering team dedicated to helping our clients replace time-consuming, manual processes to reach informed, real-time decisions about government markets, competitors, and agency relationships. We need a skilled and dedicated engineer to join our team to lead us in uncovering truth and meaning in data.  You must be hands-on with a strong understanding of both data platforms and cloud infrastructure.  You must also have strong interpersonal skills to work cross-functionally across internal teams as well as directly with end users and Govini platform SMEs.

In order to do this job well, you must be a curious and eager problem solver with a hunger for delivering high-quality data solutions.  You have a passion for great work and nothing less than your best will do. You share our intolerance of mediocrity and produce simple solutions to complex problems. Knowing there are always multiple answers to a problem, you know how to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

This role may require up to 10% travel

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Design and implement platform architecture enhancements to support scalability and reliability
* Design, build, maintain, and support data platform solutions to enable efficient data consumption across functional teams, including AI/ML, Data Science, and Software
* Evaluate and integrate emerging technologies to improve the data platform
* Collaborate with teams across the organization to understand business needs and translate them into data solutions
* Mentor junior engineers by providing code reviews, guidance, and technical leadership through promotion of engineering best practices

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field

**Required Skills:**

* 5+ years of experience in building and maintaining scalable data platforms or services
* Strong proficiency in Python and SQL
* Proven experience in architecting and implementing data pipeline frameworks, including orchestration
* Solid understanding of data security and governance best practices
* Hands-on with big data frameworks, such as Apache Spark
* Knowledge of cloud-native data lake/lakehouse architectures
* Demonstrated ability to collaborate with stakeholders to deliver data platform solutions that support AI, machine learning, data science, and web applications
* Strong analytical skills and attention to detail
* Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment
* A passion for solving complex problems and building sustainable, scalable systems

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience using Amazon Web Services
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Working knowledge of large (multiple terabytes) amounts of data
* We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
