---
title: Security Accreditations Program Manager
status: active
id: '4068936009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068936009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:34-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a market-oriented Security Accreditation Program Manager to drive Govini’s accreditation and ATO processes.   Govini has already received its IL5 Provisional Authorization and FedRAMP High Authorization, so this role will drive the efforts to achieve service-level ATOs across our customer base.  This is an individual contributor role that sits within the Product Organization and will require you to manage both external government and internal stakeholders as you identify and build relationships with the appropriate government PoCs, pathfind the easiest way forward, manage workstreams and timelines, and navigate roadblocks to achieve ATOs on the shortest timeline possible.

In order to do this job well, you will need to possess exceptional organization skills, the ability to work cross-functionally, and have a relentless focus on achieving our desired outcomes.  You must be able to drive cross-functional collaboration by proactively engaging stakeholders, ensuring alignment, offering guidance, and fostering a barrier-removing environment.  You take proactive action to identify, scope, track, and communicate deliverables and workstream statuses to relevant teams and leadership, and actively participate and contribute meaningfully in meetings relevant to accreditation programs.  You will own the external relationships with the government PoCs and work closely with Sales to assure alignment.  You will also work closely with Product and Engineering to understand the implications that roadmap priorities have on the ATO process and vice versa.

This role is a full-time position located in our Arlington, VA office.

**This role may require up to 25% travel.**

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Develop, manage, and execute strategic pathways for acquiring and maintaining critical DoD and Federal Civilian authorizations (e.g., FedRAMP, DISA ATO, DoD RMF) in collaboration with Product, Compliance, Security, and Engineering teams, ensuring alignment with product roadmaps, sales cycles, and contract deliverables.
* Identify and manage relationships with external stakeholders in coordination with Sales.
* Act as the key facilitator and primary point of contact across internal teams (sales, product, engineering, security, marketing), government agencies, and third-party assessors (3PAOs) throughout the authorization lifecycle.
* Develop and manage detailed program timelines, diligently track progress against milestones, identify and mitigate risks, and ensure timely submission of all required documentation and deliverables.
* Regularly report status updates to the Management Team and other stakeholders to ensure visibility into ATO processes and blockers.

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* ATO experience with the Navy, Air Force, Space Force, Federal Civilian agencies, and the Intelligence Community.
* Experience with or in-depth knowledge of DoD RMF or cybersecurity frameworks such as NIST 800-53.
* Exceptional communication and collaboration skills and demonstrated ability to engage with external and internal stakeholders.
* Ability to bridge the gap between technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* Possesses strong organizational and program management skills, successfully managing complex projects with multiple dependencies, utilizing tools and methodologies (e.g., GitLab, Agile) for tracking, risk management, and timely delivery.
* Logically organizes and assigns work to enhance team efficiency.
* Proactive, results-oriented approach; a self-starter who takes initiative, drives projects, anticipates roadblocks, seeks solutions, and is accountable for program success.
* Adapts readily to change and ambiguity within a fast-paced environment
* Exceptional ability to facilitate collaboration and influence outcomes across diverse groups, including technical teams, leadership, and external partners or customers.
* Demonstrated technical aptitude, with the ability to understand software, cloud platform, and security concepts.
* 7+ years of relevant program management experience, with proven success managing complex projects using Agile methodologies within software development or technical settings.
* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship

**Desired Skills:**

* Software start-up experience
* Prior Sales and/or Product Management experience or proven track record working successfully with Sales and Product Management functions

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
