---
title: DevSecOps Engineer
status: active
id: '4068734009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068734009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T11:24:35-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a skilled and dedicated DevSecOps Engineer to join our Engineering team. As a DevSecOps Engineer at Govini, you will be essential to securing, operating, and continuously deploying to U.S. government-accredited environments.

In order to do this job well, you must be obsessed with quality and efficiency and love working with diverse technologies. You have a strong understanding of DevSecOps principles, automation, and continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD). Our ideal candidate is someone who is energized by building scalable technology to support the defense and intelligence communities.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

This role may require up to 10% travel.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Secure, operate, and continuously deploy to FedRAMP and IL5 environments.
* Document security processes, vulnerabilities, remediation actions, and compliance measures.
* Partner with engineers to interpret security requirements and plan effective control implementations.
* Integrate security tools into the CI/CD pipeline, run security scans, and remediate vulnerabilities.
* Translate and synthesize complex concepts and architectures into a clear body of evidence artifacts, including System Security Plans (SSP) and architecture diagrams.
* Build and support a CI/CD infrastructure utilizing GitLab, Jenkins, Helm, and Kubernetes.
* Serve as a security Subject Matter Expert (SME) and govern architectures to ensure they remain within the scope of an ATO.

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field

**Required Skills:**

* Linux/Unix experience, including command line and shell scripting
* Hands-on operational AWS/GCP/Azure experience
* Experience with cybersecurity frameworks (FedRAMP, FISMA, DoD SRG,  NIST 800-171)
* Experience building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins, Gitlab CI, or related technologies
* Experience with Systems Monitoring/Alerting (Splunk, PagerDuty, Prometheus, Alertmanager, Grafana)
* Experience with infrastructure as code
* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship

**Desired Skills:**

* Experience maintaining compliance within an accredited environment, ensuring all systems and processes operate according to the parameters of the granted ATO.
* Programming experience with any of the following languages: Golang, Java, Python, Groovy, Bash, or Ruby
* Experience with container-based architectures (Docker, Kubernetes, Helm)Experience deploying and supporting a microservices architecture
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Familiarity with test automation, including security testing and performance testing

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
