---
title: Lead Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4068816009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068816009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:31-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a skilled and dedicated Software Engineering Lead to join our Engineering team. As the Software Engineering Lead at Govini, you will be essential to crafting and implementing the software engineering processes and implementations within Govini.

In order to do this job well, you must be obsessed with quality, and efficiency, and love working with diverse technologies. You have a strong understanding of software engineering design principles, as well as a strong technical prowess. Our ideal candidate is someone who is energized by building scalable technology to support the defense and intelligence communities.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

This role may require up to 10% travel

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Lead software engineering efforts from ideation through implementation as well as the day-to-day of a small team containing both front-end and back-end software engineers
* Lead Agile ceremonies for the software engineering team
* Establish coding and testing best practices and standards for Engineers
* Develop, test, and deploy modern software applications and new features
* Oversee the quality of Engineers’ deliverables, such as coding, testing, debugging
* Collaborate with Govini’s product team to turn business requirements into technical specifications
* Regularly seek out innovation and continuous improvement, finding efficiency in all assigned tasks
* Collaborate with data engineers, data scientists, QA engineers, and DevOps engineers to improve the overall quality and performance of the platform

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field

**Required Skills:**

* 5 years of software development experience with an object-oriented programming language comparable to Java, C++, Python, C#, or Ruby
* Hands-on experience with Spring Boot, Quarkus, or similar technologies
* Knowledge of data structures, object-oriented design, algorithms, exception handling, and troubleshooting
* Experience writing SQL and implementing database design

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Previously experienced working in a product organization

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
