---
title: Software Engineer
status: active
id: '4068865009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068865009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:51-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a skilled and dedicated software engineer to join our Engineering team. As a Software Engineer at Govini, you show a clear passion for quality and love to solve client problems using technology. You are energized by the idea of building something new and want to work on problems that matter. You thrive in ambiguous environments and doggedly pursue innovative solutions for our customers. You understand and appreciate the value of face-to-face interactions with end users, and constantly seek to push the boundaries of what is possible.

In order to do this job well, you must be a curious and eager problem solver with a hunger for building well-designed, high-quality solutions within highly regulated environments.  You have a passion for great work and nothing less than your best will do. You share our intolerance of mediocrity. You’re uber-smart, challenged by figuring things out and producing simple solutions to complex problems. Knowing there are always multiple answers to a problem, you know how to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward. You’re scrappy. We like scrappy.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Collaborate with other software engineers, product managers, and client-facing teams to understand client requirements and translate them into technical solutions
* Lead the deployment and integration of our software and data solutions in client environments, ensuring smooth implementation and adherence to project timelines
* Actively participate in designing, building and testing scalable data architecture
* Craft clean, testable, and maintainable code
* Participate in the end-to-end software development of new feature functionality and design capabilities
* Optimize processes for maximum speed and accuracy
* Regularly seek out innovation and continuous improvement, finding efficiency in all assigned tasks

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field, or equivalent work experience

**Required Skills:**

* 1+ years of software development experience with a high-level software stack
* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical
* Intermediate SQL development
* Strong proficiency with backend API languages such as Java/Spring Boot (preferred) or equivalent
* Experience performing meaningful tasks in Linux
* Prior hands-on experience working with data-driven analytics
* Experience working in agile/scrum teams
* Ability to work independently with little supervision
* A burning desire to work in a challenging fast-paced tech environment

**Desired Skills:**

* Experience working within the boundaries of a Federal government accredited software environment
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Experience working in a client-facing or consulting role Familiarity with Javascript/ReactJS

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
