---
title: Data Engineer
status: active
id: '4068710009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4068710009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-09T11:07:08-05:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking an exceptional and experienced data engineer who shares our passion and obsession with quality.  You'll be a core member of our product and engineering team dedicated to helping our clients replace time-consuming, manual processes to reach informed real-time decisions about government markets, competitors, and agency relationships. We need a skilled and dedicated data nerd to join our team to lead us in uncovering truth and meaning in data.  You must be a hands-on engineer with a strong understanding of both data management and governance standards.  You must also have strong interpersonal skills to work cross-functionally across internal teams as well as directly with end users and Govini platform SMEs.

In order to do this job well, you must be a curious and eager problem solver with a hunger for delivering high-quality data solutions.  You have a passion for great work and nothing less than your best will do. You share our intolerance of mediocrity. You’re uber-smart, challenged by figuring things out and producing simple solutions to complex problems. Knowing there are always multiple answers to a problem, you know how to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward. You’re scrappy. We like scrappy.

This role is a full-time position located out of our office in Pittsburgh, PA.

This role may require up to 10% travel

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Define and lead Govini's data lifecycle strategy across data acquisition, data ingestion, data cleansing, normalization and linkage.
* Ensure key entities within datasets are identified, resolved and linked to existing entities within the current master data repository.
* Apply various techniques to produce solutions to large-scale optimization problems, including data pre-processing, indexing, blocking, field and record comparison and classification.
* Improve data sharing, increase data repurposing and improve cost efficiency associated with data management efforts.
* Build best practices that help with chain of custody of data so it can be easily traced back to the source for accuracy and consistency.
* Work across functional teams to understand advanced statistical, machine learning, and text processing models and incorporate them into Govini’s existing data engineering infrastructure.
* Perform exploratory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patterns.
* Work directly with users as well as SMEs to establish, create and populate optimal data architectures and structures, as well as articulate techniques and results using non-technical language.

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field

**Required Skills:**

* 3-5 years experience with programmatically transforming data
* Experience with RDBMS
* Advanced SQL programming skills
* Proficient usage of common data formats such as CSV, XML, and JSON
* Requires strong analytical ability and attention to detail
* Ability to work independently with little supervision
* A burning desire to tackle hard problems and create sustainable solutions

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Experience using Amazon Web Services
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Working knowledge with large (multiple terabytes) amounts of data

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
