---
title: Senior Product Manager, Logistics Application
status: active
id: '4069469009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4069469009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2025-12-10T12:38:49-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Product
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a customer-oriented product manager to help drive the development of the Logistics Application within the Ark platform. This is an individual contributor role reporting to our Director of Product for Logistics.  This role is responsible for prioritizing, rationalizing, and integrating new features and existing prototypes into our Logistics Application. You are accountable for delivering valuable and differentiated solutions at scale, end-to-end, within our Ark platform.  You will also partner with our sales and implementation teams to shape how we talk about our Logistics offering in the marketplace in a way that resonates with our customers.

Govini’s application-aligned product managers are responsible for thinking broadly across the communities we serve and delivering solutions that provide value to a wide range of customers. They partner with account-aligned PMs, as well as our sales and implementation teams, to broadly scale “in-the-field” solutions and improve the configurability and adaptability of our platform. In this role, you will partner with customer-aligned PMs to integrate prototype workflows and capabilities into full production within the Ark. You should be highly motivated by the market adoption of the solutions you successfully launch.

To do this job well, you must possess exceptional judgment when it comes to identifying opportunities to deliver customer value in a productized way, as well as in the relative prioritization of those opportunities. You must work effectively cross-functionally in often ambiguous circumstances, distilling market opportunities to a clear set of objectives and solutions, and articulating the value of those solutions both internally and externally.

In a typical week, a product manager could expect to:

- Spend several days on site with users, seeking to understand how users across a variety of accounts utilize Ark to relieve pain points and triangulate the commonalities to build new valuable workflows in the Ark.

- Draft a clear and compelling articulation of customer problems, and what a good solution to those problems would look like in the Ark.

- Partner with the sales team to help assess opportunities and understand the degree to which customer requirements align with product capabilities and roadmap.

- Define how those solutions deliver value across a wide range of customer environments and determine what features are necessary to support broad adoption of the solution.

- Collaborate with engineering and design teams to deliver the most promising capabilities.

This role is a full-time position located in our Arlington, VA office.

**This role may require up to 60% travel.**

### Scope of Responsibilities

* For new product features, define the addressable market size, the competitive landscape, the near-term sales opportunities, and alignment with the overall product strategy
* Validate concepts using the value proposition canvas/business model canvas, build a comprehensive business case, and communicate and defend the prioritization internally
* Partner with internal engineering and data science teams to scope the expected associated investment costs/timelines, and ensure that the business can deliver on scope, contractual obligations, and agreed-upon timelines
* Facilitate market introduction of new features/functions while balancing tradeoffs of risk, cost, and speed
* Ensure smooth integration of prototyped features/functions into Ark for utilization across customer accounts

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required
* Bachelor’s degree in business or technology-related field

**Required Skills:**

* 5+ years in a product or software role, including experience with enterprise software (B2B or B2G)
* Strong value orientation, understanding of what matters for our customers, and why
* Self-starter, owner mentality
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment
* Exceptional written and oral communication skills across all levels of the business

**Desired Skills:**

* Domain experience and expertise in Logistics or related fields
* Experience in or around DoD
* Full product lifecycle experience, from early idea through production and maintenance
* Familiarity with the value proposition canvas and/or business model canvas frameworks
* An advanced degree in a business or technical field
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance at the Top Secret level, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
