---
title: Engagement Manager - Army, International
status: active
id: '4111297009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4111297009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2026-01-23T20:15:43-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Engagement Management
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We seek a driven, outcome-oriented Engagement Director to join our client delivery team. Engagement Managers lead Govini projects, setting, directing, and executing against customer needs, project objectives, and account strategies to deliver value to national security clients. As the lead for project and account direction, expansion, and growth, Engagement Managers are experts in the “so what.” They can see the big picture and understand the problem sets of decision-makers, program managers, and analysts across the national security space. They lead senior client relationships and high-visibility software deployments, demonstrating an ability to be creative, entrepreneurial, and strategic in vision while driving focused, tactical execution.

At Govini, Engagement Managers roll up their sleeves with our Implementation Teams to ensure client success. They provide career guidance and coaching to those who are part of their team. They are domain and functional experts who understand our clients’ operating environments and challenges and leverage this expertise to architect solutions and ensure smooth execution. Engagement Directors are passionate about our client’s success and ensure excellence in project delivery and software platform adoption. They serve as trusted advisors to their customers and drive continual account growth through delivering value and a relentless commitment to problem-solving through software workflows and analytics .

The Engagement Managers is a savvy relationship manager who understands that part of problem-solving is understanding the client’s point of view, and then can translate the client’s needs into actionable tasks and explore areas to expand support to the account. Engagement Managers have the commitment and experience to keep Govini’s deployment team in continuous touch with the client, and orient the team around what the client needs to deliver mission outcomes.

To succeed in this job, you must understand people, care about technology, and have strong business acumen. You understand the complexities of the federal government and national security space and are passionate about using data and technology to solve high-value challenges. You like people -- a lot -- and are eager to find ways to help them succeed. You have the ability to collaborate cross-functionally and the motivation and drive to lead a team across the finish line. You’re passionate about the mission and use Govini’s offerings and capabilities to drive change.

This role is located in our Arlington, VA office.

This role may require up to 75% travel internationally.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Lead and deliver business and mission impact to clients
* Leverage Govini analytic capability and technology to develop persistent data-driven solutions to clients
* Work with sales teams to understand client problems and needs, scope new work, and develop white papers and respond to request for proposals
* Lead the development of engagement work plans and align internal teams to execute an efficient resource plan
* Lead complex software deployments
* Lead and manage client engagement with senior-level relationships
* Manage high-quality, high-impact project execution to ensure delivery exceeds client expectations while smartly employing team resources
* Discover valuable insights for our sponsors’ business and present them in a concise and compelling manner to executives
* Lead, mentor, train, and provide quality assurance for Implementation Engineers and Engagement Managers
* Translate client’s business challenges into software use cases
* Drive the adoption and persistent use of Govini’s solutions
* Collaborate with Product Managers and software engineers  to configure Govini’s SaaS platform for user needs
* Develop a deep understanding of client workflows and decision needs to inform the configuration of our data and technology
* Identify and scope expansion opportunities within existing accounts, and execute on said expansion opportunities in collaboration with sales and implementation Regularly assess individual and team performance to reduce cognitive biases and refine products and internal processes

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* 5+ years of experience in client engagement
* MBA or advanced degree from a top-tier institution
* 3+ years of  experience in the consulting and/or software industry
* 5+ years of subject matter expertise with at least one of the following: national security strategy and policy, logistics, AI implementation, supply chain, industrial base, and market assessments, technology scouting and innovation markets,, government contracting landscape; AND/OR experience in management consulting, advisory services, software-as-a-service (SaaS),, AI, or data analytics industries
* Strong business acumen, excellent professional demeanor with a willingness to work outside of your comfort zone without hesitation
* Experience managing and being responsible for assessing, training and providing career development of a team
* Exceptional ability to visualize and present complex information and concepts, with experience in how national security clients prefer to receive information. Referenceable history of exceptional performance
* Experience managing responsibilities of P&L within the organization, along with shaping and contracting process
* Detail-oriented with outstanding verbal and written communication skills

Ability to manage multiple work-streams and projects from start to finish, to learn quickly, and to work independently

**Desired Skills:**

* Current Possession of a security clearance
* Experience in a startup environment or federal/commercial consulting and AI implementation

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
