---
title: Communications Manager
status: active
id: '4131325009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4131325009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2026-02-13T09:55:45-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

Govini’s Marketing team is responsible for increasing awareness of Govini in the market and helping our go-to-market organization grow our business. Following our achievement of unicorn status last year, we are seeking a Communications Manager to join our team in Arlington, VA. This role is designed for a high-output communicator who can translate complex topics into clear, impactful narratives across various formats and depths for multiple audiences.As a Manager of Communications, you'll support the development and execution of content and media relations plans that align with Govini's rapid pace of innovation.

In this role, you will contribute to the day-to-day execution of our communications strategy and the overall project workflow. You'll collaborate with the marketing team to shape Govini's voice across media channels and create engaging short-form content that drives conversation among key audiences. The ideal candidate is a versatile writer with an integrated channel mindset, capable of breaking down long-form content into punchy, platform-specific messages. You should be a modern communicator who is confident using LLMs to accelerate work product while applying the necessary strategic guidance, editorial context, and refinement to ensure excellence. You will play a pivotal role in managing our agency partners, shaping stories, and ensuring Govini’s voice remains consistent and compelling across social channels and industry stages.  
  
This role reports directly to the SVP of Communications and will be based in our Arlington, VA office, with **up to 20% travel required**.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* **Content Creation & Strategy:** Write and edit high-quality content across formats, including blogs, social media copy, and media materials
* **Narrative Deconstruction:** Take complex, long-form content and "atomize" it into simpler formats and messages tailored for different audiences and channels.
* **Agency Management:** Act as the primary point of contact for PR agency partners, providing media briefs and sourcing and shaping stories to support their pitching efforts.
* **Editorial Oversight:** Manage a rigorous editorial calendar to ensure a steady, strategic flow of content.
* **Executive Visibility Support:** Draft compelling speaker proposals to secure keynote and panel opportunities for Govini executives at major industry events.
* Social Media Execution: Draft social content that adheres to channel best practices and drives audience engagement.
* **Media Relations Support:**Prepare briefing materials for executives and support the development of talking points for media engagements.

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* 5+ years of experience managing social media channels for high-growth, entrepreneurial B2B or B2G technology companies
* Proven track record of growing engagement and audience size through consistent, strategic content creation
* Ability to execute both tactical and strategic, as well as analytical and creative work
* Demonstrated ability to create high-volume content while maintaining quality and strategic alignment
* Experience translating complex technical or industry-specific concepts into engaging digital content
* Impeccable copywriting skills
* Experience with enterprise social media management and analytics tools, and basic visual design skills for independently creating social media graphics
* Exceptional time management skills to balance the planned content calendar with real-time opportunities
* Ability to work collaboratively across teams while also serving as the owner of the social media function

**Desired Skills:**

* Interest and/or understanding of the US National Security & Defense domain
* Experience with basic video creation and editing for social media platforms
* Familiarity with the defense industry media landscape
* Experience with marketing automation platforms and CRM integration for lead generation and metrics tracking

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
