---
title: 'Data Product Manager, Government Systems '
status: active
id: '4134567009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4134567009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2026-02-16T18:16:31-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Data
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a Data Product Manager for Government Systems to join our Data Product & Operations team. In this role you will take ownership of mapping, prioritizing and tracking the integration of government data systems into Govini’s Ark platform. Working with our go-to-market teams including Sales, Implementation Engineers, and Engagement Managers, you’ll learn about and become an expert of key government data systems that are critical to our customers day-to-day workflows. You will synthesize and convey the nuances and uses of each system to our Product team which will help inform workflow development within Ark.

These data systems will inform Govini’s data integration plan, which you will develop, document, and maintain. You will also work with both the engineering and security accreditations teams to develop technical implementation plans for each data system.

This role requires cross-team collaboration, strong communication skills, across both technical and non-technical audiences. The ideal candidate brings hands-on experience working with government clients and users, along with the ability to understand data systems at a technical level.

This role is a full-time position located out of our offices in Arlington, VA.

This role will require between 25-50% travel.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Develop and maintain the government systems data roadmap that identifies priority systems aligned with current and future data needs
* Partner with Go-To-Market and Product teams to understand and document capabilities, uses of, customers/users of, and data contained within each targeted data system
* Identify and document overlap and gaps to current data coverage and align with planned data expansions
* Attend technical-focused customer meetings and engagements to learn more about each data system and perform customer interviews
* Partnering with the Security Accreditations team, develop standard internal procedures for data access and governance with each system

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Product Management, Data Analysis, Data Science, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
* Four or more years of experience working with government data systems
* Four of more years experience with SQL, Python, or equivalent programmatic language
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to convey complex information clearly and concisely
* Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, with attention to detail
* Experience with Generative AI technologies

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Masters’s degree in Product Management, Data Science, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
* 3+ years experience with government data systems such as JUPITER, ADVANA, BLADE, or other systems
* Familiarity with defense acquisition processes and related data sources
* Experience managing data-related projects and initiatives

We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
