---
title: Principal Product Manager - New Product Development
status: active
id: '4136402009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4136402009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2026-02-19T09:06:37-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Product
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science & Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking a 0-to-1 product leader to both deliver new proofs-of-concept (POCs) as well as productize proven capabilities. This is an individual contributor role responsible for prioritizing, rationalizing, and integrating existing prototypes and new functionality into Ark. As the product owner, you are accountable for delivering valuable and differentiated solutions at scale, end-to-end, within our Ark platform.

You will be responsible for thinking broadly across the communities we serve and delivering solutions that provide value to a wide range of customers. You partner other PMs, Product Design, Engineering, Data Science, AI/ML, Marketing, Sales, and Implementation teams, to broadly scale “in-the-field” solutions and improve the configurability and adaptability of our platform. You should be highly motivated by the delivery of value to our end users and market adoption of the solutions you successfully launch.

In order to do this job well, you must possess exceptional judgment when it comes to identifying opportunities to deliver customer value in a productized way, as well as in the relative prioritization of those opportunities. You must work effectively cross-functionally in often ambiguous circumstances, distilling market opportunities to a clear set of objectives and solutions, and articulating the value of those solutions both internally and externally.

In a typical week, a you could expect to:

* Spend several days on site with users, seeking to understand how users across a variety of accounts try to complete their day-to-day jobs, identify pain points,  and triangulate the commonalities to build new valuable workflows in the Ark.
* Draft clear and compelling articulation of customer problems, and what a good solution to those problems would look like in the Ark.
* Partner with the sales team to help assess opportunities and understand the degree to which customer requirements align with product capabilities and roadmap.
* Define how those solutions deliver value across a wide range of customer environments and determine what features are necessary to support broad adoption of the solution.
* Collaborate with engineering and design teams to deliver the most promising capabilities.

This is a full-time team member position working in our offices at our Arlington, VA location.

This role may require up to 50% travel (note local site visits are not included in this number).

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Deeply embed with at least one key customer to understand the various roles and responsibilities of these users in collaboration with our go-to-market team
* Identify opportunities for software to solve user pain points and deliver against those quickly
* Take existing prototypes and understanding of the user space to identify opportunities to productize these capabilities and unify them in the platform
* For the prototypes and new features, define the addressable market size, the competitive landscape, the near term sales opportunities, and alignment with the overall product strategy
* Validate concepts using qualitative and quantitative data, build a comprehensive business case, and communicate and defend the prioritization internally
* Partner with internal engineering and data science teams to scope the expected associated investment costs/timelines, and ensure that the business can deliver on scope, contractual obligations, and agreed-upon timelines
* Facilitate market introduction of new features/functions while balancing tradeoffs of risk, cost, and speed
* Establish KPIs and monitor product performance and user adoption, driving continuous improvement initiatives

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* 5-7+ years in a product or software role, including experience with enterprise software (B2B or B2G)
* Experience doing 0-to-1 product development in the National Security and/or Federal Government space
* Strong value orientation, understanding of what matters for our customers, and why
* Self-starter, owner mentality
* Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment
* Exceptional written and oral communication skills across all levels of the business
* Bachelor’s degree

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment
* Full product lifecycle experience, from early idea through production and maintenance
* We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
