---
title: Senior Contract Specialist
status: active
id: '4186242009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4186242009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2026-03-18T11:39:57-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia, United States
departments:
- Strategy
offices:
- Arlington Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

The Senior Contract Specialist will be a key member of Govini’s Contracts and Capture teams and will contribute to Govini’s rapid growth in the government sector. This employee will contribute to contract strategies, assist in managing a portfolio of prime contract vehicles and subcontracts, and work cross-functionally to win new business. At the center of government deals, you will draft, modify, and execute contracts, and non-disclosure, teaming, and subcontract agreements. To do so, you will partner with internal stakeholders and expertly navigate the dynamic environment of a hyper-growth company while managing competing priorities with overlapping schedules. You will craft materials to inform our customers’ market research and acquisition strategies, and implement pricing strategies in collaboration with product, sales, and delivery teams to close deals.

This is a full-time team member position, working in the office at our Arlington, VA location.

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Own the cradle to grave contract administration lifecycle, including reviewing, drafting, and processing contract awards, modifications, CPARS, client relationship building, market research, opportunity shaping and more.
* Analyze and respond to complex inquiries about contract obligations and modifications, review terms and conditions, and escalate to the relevant leadership as needed to achieve a thorough and compliant resolution.
* Support Sales and Capture Teams to conduct pricing and profitability analysis, and budget development support using best practices that support compliance and competitiveness.
* Serve as a contracts subject matter expert for our Sales and Business Development teams. You will equip front-line teams for success through accurate contracting pathway information and knowledge.
* Conduct RFx analysis and reviews, align responses to corporate objectives and compliance standards.
* Serve as one of the central Contracts Representatives/Points of Contact for SAM.gov, CPARS, GSA eBuy, and other e-business portals.
* Support business development efforts by developing, maintaining, and fostering key relationships with government contracting officers and specialists to facilitate contracting activities, identify contracting opportunities, and support the shaping of opportunities and upcoming recompetes.
* Develop and execute tactical plans for contracting pathways suitable for individual sales opportunities.
* Develop acquisition strategies to influence and shape customer requirements.
* Manage and write responses to government customer requests for white papers, general product or company information, quotes, and proposals.

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* A bachelor’s Degree is required.
* 4+ years’ experience in government contracting required.
* Strong understanding of the federal acquisition process, including FAR/DFARS, OTs, the range of RFx, source selection, evaluation criteria, compliance matrices, and standard T&Cs.
* Experience with complex firm fixed-price contracts, with experience in other contracting types preferred.
* Strong program/project management skills, including the ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment, and meet deadlines with minimal supervision or administrative support.
* Impeccable attention to detail.
* Superior communication skills, both verbal and written, as well as the ability to generate top-quality contract and pricing content on short timelines.
* Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams across an organization on contracting.

**Desired Skills:**

* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship.
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment.
* Professional Certification: DAWIA or FAC-C Level III, CFCM (Certified Federal Contract Manager) or CPCM (Certified Professional Contract Manager) certifications from the National Contract Management Association (NCMA), or equivalent

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
