---
title: Senior Product Designer
status: active
id: '4195630009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4195630009
lastmod: '2026-05-28T14:54:53-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T15:05:57-04:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Design
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science & Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

Govini builds software that accelerates the Defense Acquisition Process. The Ark, Govini’s flagship product, combines commercial data and artificial intelligence into applications that solve challenges across the entire spectrum of Defense Acquisition, including Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, and Modernization. With the Ark, the Acquisition community eliminates slow, manual processes and gains the ability to rapidly imagine, produce, and field critical warfighting capabilities. The Ark transforms Defense Acquisition into a strategic advantage. Govini has offices in Arlington, Virginia, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

We are looking for a highly experienced Senior Product Designer to continue growing our Design team and help shape the future of the Ark. You should be engineering-oriented, extremely proficient in UI standards and patterns, and above all else, a critical thinker and problem solver who can take ownership over feature strategy and development. A strong candidate can not only convert ambiguous objectives into empowering and enjoyable experiences but also help facilitate all parts of the process, including initial ideation, product scoping, low-fidelity prototyping, interaction design, and client engagement.

Our product team is a collaborative group of product designers, implementation specialists, product managers, and engineers. We operate within integrated project teams (IPTs), each of which focuses on key user workflows and needs that we have identified in the defense space. You will join an IPT depending on your background and take charge of the tasks for that track.

This role is a full-time position located out of our offices in Pittsburgh, PA. This role may require up to 25% travel.

**Scope of Responsibilities**

* Collaborate with product managers, data analysts, and go-to-market teams to understand user needs and translate them into product features, concepts, workflows, and user experiences.
* Collaborate with the product managers, engineers, data scientists, and implementation specialists in your IPT to ideate, define, develop, implement, and validate solutions for the Ark
* Design and document user flows, wireframes, and interactive prototypes that optimize data visualization and facilitate data exploration, and that fully align with product requirements documentation.
* Collaborate directly with integrated product teams, including engineering and data science, to support implementation of UI designs, engage in productive cost-benefit discussions to assess potential deviations from designs, and support future iteration and development against long term objectives.
* Present and defend designs and key milestones to clients, peers, and executive-level stakeholders
* Contribute to the development and maintenance of an established design system and UI component library
* Become an expert on Ark.ai itself and the commercial and publicly-sourced data represented in it.
* Demonstrate strong leadership and communication skills
* Lead and mentor product designers
* Put customers at the center of all ideation and development

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* 3-5+ years of experience designing and shipping complex, intuitive, and successful web-based products - ideally with a data component
* Bachelor's degree in HCD, HCI, Graphic Design, Interaction Design, or related field
* Portfolio with revenue-generating case studies
* Interest in defense tech, analysis, and data visualization
* Mastery of Figma, Adobe CC, and general design techniques
* Ability to leverage, stand up, and maintain component libraries designed for the web
* Experience working in an agile development process, while being able to balance scope, speed, and quality
* Precise visual and interaction design skills
* Ability to solve problems creatively, effectively, and at multiple fidelities
* Awareness of the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies

**Desired Skills:**

* Masters in HCD, HCI, Graphic Design, Interaction Design, or related field
* Current possession of a U.S. security clearance, or the ability to obtain one with our sponsorship
* Experience in or exposure to the nuances of a startup or other entrepreneurial environment

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
