---
title: IT Manager
status: active
id: '4266519009'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/govini/jobs/4266519009
lastmod: '2026-06-01T15:16:33-04:00'
date: '2026-06-01T15:16:33-04:00'
location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
departments:
- Security Office & Administration
offices:
- Pittsburgh Office
---

## **Company Description**

Govini transforms Defense Acquisition from an outdated manual process to a software-driven strategic advantage for the United States. Our flagship product, Ark, supports Supply Chain, Science and Technology, Production, Sustainment, Logistics, and Modernization teams with AI-enabled Applications and best-in-class data to more rapidly imagine, develop, and field the capabilities we need. Today, the national security community and every branch of the military rely on Govini to enable faster and more informed Acquisition decisions.

## **Job Description**

We are seeking an IT Manager to lead corporate IT operations in our Pittsburgh office. This is not a passive support role, but is an operational leadership role that demands structure, urgency, accountability, and strong execution.

To be successful in this role, you will report directly to the Director of IT and Security, leading local IT execution for the Pittsburgh office and contributing to the broader corporate IT strategy. For the initial phase, you will also work closely with the Director of Operations to support the buildout of the new office environment. While the Director of Operations will oversee the broader buildout strategy and execution, this role will serve as the primary onsite IT lead responsible for coordinating and implementing all technical infrastructure requirements. Primary focus areas include networking, endpoint deployment and management, connectivity, conferencing/AV systems, and security infrastructure to ensure a secure, scalable, and high-performance office environment. Following the buildout, you will continuously optimize Govini’s corporate infrastructure, systems, and operational processes under the direction of the IT & Security Director to support a high-growth organization

This role is a full-time position located in our Pittsburgh, PA office.

This role may require up to 10% travel

### Scope of Responsibilities

* Own day-to-day IT operations for the Pittsburgh office, serving as the primary onsite point of contact for troubleshooting, hardware support and user enablement
* Support the Pittsburgh office buildout as the on-site IT lead, partnering closely with the Director of Operations, and vendors
* Execute and coordinate networking, connectivity, security systems, endpoint deployment, conferencing/AV technology and systems integration
* Ensure delivery of a secure, scalable, and high-performance office technology environment
* Manage local networking systems and hardware portals through Cisco Meraki to maintain secure, high-availability connectivity
* Administer and support VPN platforms, endpoint protection tools such as CrowdStrike, and broader corporate security infrastructure
* Partner with the Director of IT and Security to uphold IT security standards, compliance requirements, and operational best practices
* Serve as the primary administrator for hardware endpoints, leveraging Mosyle for Mac-focused Mobile Device Management (MDM)
* Oversee endpoint provisioning, configuration, deployment, maintenance, and troubleshooting for onsite employees in the Pittsburgh office
* Manage hardware inventory, lifecycle tracking, and asset accountability
* Manage onboarding, offboarding, user provisioning, and access management processes for Pittsburgh employees
* Oversee conference room and collaboration technology operations, including audiovisual systems, conferencing platforms, sound equipment, and media setups
* Ensure reliable and seamless meeting experiences across office collaboration spaces
* Administer and maintain Govini’s core cloud infrastructure and productivity platforms, including Google Workspace, Microsoft 365 (M365), Okta, AWS, Jira, Confluence, and Slack
* Support user access management, integrations, and system reliability across business-critical platforms
* Identify operational inefficiencies and proactively implement process improvements
* Develop and maintain comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), technical documentation, and operational workflows
* Support scalable IT operations aligned with company growth objectives

### Qualifications

* U.S. Citizenship is required

**Required Skills:**

* 7+ years in IT operations, systems administration, or a similar technical support role.
* Must be a highly organized self-starter capable of working independently to manage competing priorities, track long-term projects, and proactively identify operational improvements without constant supervision.
* Proven experience deploying and maintaining macOS and Windows hardware using MDM solutions (e.g. Mosyle).
* Solid understanding of TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VLANs, and WiFi management.
* Experience managing IAM solutions (e.g., Google Workspace, Okta, Azure AD/Entra ID) and Cloud environments (e.g., Google, Azure, AWS).
* Proficiency in troubleshooting diverse hardware (especially MacOS), office peripherals(printers/scanners), and owning conference room AV equipment.

**Desired Skills:**

* Direct experience performing initial triage on alerts within SIEM or EDR platforms (e.g., Sentinel, CrowdStrike, Splunk)
* Experience assisting with the physical installation or configuration of firewalls and network switches.
* Automation and scripting knowledge (e.g., Bash, PowerShell) to automate routine provisioning or administrative tasks.
* Preference for candidates holdingCrowdStrike Certified FalconAdministrator (CCFA) or Professional Google Workspace Administrator credentials. Additional certifications, such as CCNA, Network+ are a plus.

*We firmly believe that past performance is the best indicator of future performance.  If you thrive while building solutions to complex problems, are a self-starter, and are passionate about making an impact in global security, we’re eager to hear from you.*

**Govini is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.**
