---
title: Senior Forward Deployed Engineer, Singapore
status: archived
id: '7566908003'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/primerai/jobs/7566908003
lastmod: '2026-05-17T14:09:45-04:00'
date: '2025-12-17T17:37:12-05:00'
location: Singapore, Central, Singapore
departments:
- Federal GTM
offices:
- 'Singapore '
---

Primer exists to make the world a safer place.  We do this by providing trusted decision-ready AI to the world's most critical organizations.  Our software enables leaders, operators, and analysts to better understand the changing world around us in real time and make informed decisions when the stakes are high.  Primer has offices in San Francisco, Pasadena, CA and Arlington, VA.  For more information, please visit <https://primer.ai/>

As a **Senior Forward Deployed Engineer (FDE)** at Primer, you’ll grow your software engineering skills along with our AI and NLP technologies to help national security organizations solve some of their toughest challenges. As a technical team-member who understands customer needs and expectations, success in providing solutions will require problem solving ability, technical acumen, and the ability to see the big picture at a global level. Strong candidates will excel in both technical agility and stakeholder communication, realizing the broader impact at stake, with urgency and expertise to match.

**Role Responsibilities - How You Will Make An Impact**

* Engage with customers, partners, and prospects to understand their problems, scope technical requirements, prototype and propose effective solutions
* Work with cross-functional teams across Primer to satisfy the unique requirements of various national security customers and deploy our products in secure environments
* Partner with our Product Management and Engineering teams to identify and prioritize platform feature development based on customer feedback
* Dig into software source code to customize, integrate, and troubleshoot onsite customer platform deployments
* Provide subject matter expertise to advise our DevOps and Engineering teams on feature and deployment enhancements
* Optimizing applications for speed and scalability through performance analysis
* Maintaining high coding standards through the development of guidelines, active participation in code reviews, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement and knowledge sharing among your team

**Relevant Skills & Experiences:**

* Professional experience developing and deploying Python applications
* Hands-on experience with a major cloud services provider (AWS or Microsoft Azure)
* Linux, Docker and Kubernetes proficiency - you’ll need to know your way around a Linux shell in order to operate services, and then deploy them at scale
* Strong DevOps chops - you’ll need to be comfortable with automation tools to accelerate the deployment of infrastructure and software services in our customers’ environments
* Strong communication skills - you’ll be the technical representative of Primer to our customers

**Bonus Points:**

* Full-stack web and backend development skills
* Experience with natural language processing (NLP)
* Direct experience with the secure, privileged regions of AWS or Microsoft Azure
* Familiarity with identity management solutions for authentication and authorization

*Final compensation will be determined based on experience and skills and may vary from the range listed above.*

*This position is open to candidates based in Singapore who are able to work from our Singapore office 2–3 days per week as part of a hybrid work model.*

*Primer works closely with the U.S. defense and intelligence establishment. Any offer of employment is conditioned on an applicant or employee being able to meet any applicable government contract requirements. The company may rescind any offer of employment to an applicant or terminate an employee if the applicant or employee is unable to perform the functions of the position in compliance with applicable government contracts or if an applicant or employee makes a false attestation of compliance.*

**What We Offer**

We are a series D funded company with investors from Addition, USIT, Lux Capital, Amplify Partners, Addition Capital, Bloomberg Beta, and others.  We are intentional around building a diverse and inclusive team of subject matter experts to better advocate for the needs of our users. 

We care a lot about our work and about the well being of our team. We encourage everyone to work at a sustainable pace and have a flexible vacation policy for team members to utilize, Wellness Days and 100% paid leave for parents of growing families.

We offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits. This includes full medical, dental, and vision coverage, fertility benefits through Carrot, mental health coverage on demand with Headspace Care+, Gympass+ Membership via Wellhub, One Medical Membership, 401(k), remote work stipends, and monthly internet allowance.

---

Primer is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information.

If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at info@primer.com.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
