---
title: Technical Program Manager, Hardware Chips Development
status: active
id: 004ae8f4-245b-4aad-8903-9daabdb58bb9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/004ae8f4-245b-4aad-8903-9daabdb58bb9
lastmod: '2026-07-10T16:57:20.365+00:00'
date: '2026-07-10T16:57:20.365+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Technical Program Management
compensation: $302K – $445K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

We believe that increasing compute is a huge lever to AI progress.

The Hardware team owns the design and/or sourcing of the compute, storage and interconnect hardware needed to build OpenAI’s supercomputers at the scale needed to deliver AGI that is beneficial to humanity. This includes:

* Optimizing the processing hardware for AI models
* Designing memory systems to keep up with the needs of training and inference
* Enabling the scale-up and scale-out interconnect fabrics create the world’s most power supercomputers

We work at the very cutting edge of speed and scale. You won’t encounter another organization with as much compute per employee. We are a small team that moves quickly, with access to huge resources, working with a direct impact on the success of OpenAI and, by extension, the field of AI as a whole.

**About the Role**

As a Hardware Chips Programs Manager at OpenAI, you will help bring our chips hardware roadmap to life, navigating an array of technical and partnership challenges. We’re looking for people excited to push the frontiers of computing by navigating technical explorations and are passionate about building.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

*"To comply with U.S. export control laws and regulations, candidates for this role may need to meet certain legal status requirements as provided in those laws and regulations."*

**In this role, you will:**

* Manage the design and implementation planning of our ML acceleration hardware, working across technical, cross-functional and external stakeholders
* Lead planning and scheduling of chip hardware designs with our strategic partners and vendors
* Coordinate and marshal internal resources and communication for efficient interaction with partners and vendors.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have experience as a technical program manager for data center hardware products (server, GPU, TPU, networking, storage and so on)

* Know the whole end-to-end system program management from concept, design, production, deployment into the data center
* Have some experience with System SW programs through NPI
* Want to help design some of the world’s largest supercomputing systems, working at the edge of complex hardware challenges
* Enjoy working with and enabling world-class AI Researchers and Engineers
* Are passionate about the technical program function, and enjoy independently owning and delivering on your teams’ goals and cutting-edge problems in AI compute

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
