---
title: Marketing Analytics Lead
status: active
id: 09ef6461-e3c1-4008-8ad5-e6d675645a6c
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/09ef6461-e3c1-4008-8ad5-e6d675645a6c
lastmod: '2026-05-21T22:01:22.237+00:00'
date: '2026-05-21T22:01:22.237+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Marketing
compensation: $187K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Like every team at OpenAI, the Marketing team contributes to our broader mission of ensuring responsible and widespread adoption of artificial intelligence. With that aim in mind, we are responsible for developing and executing strategies that drive awareness, engagement, and usage for OpenAI’s products and platform amongst our core audiences. Our focus extends beyond just promoting product features; we aim to provide valuable insights and resources that help our users make the most out of AI technologies.

Marketing Insights & Analytics team specifically aims to to understand the markets, audiences, behaviors, attitudes and needs to shape outreach strategies and inform product and business decisions. We’re the strategic partner that discovers insights, specifically foundational understanding, insights for marketing strategy, thought leadership, measurement and tracking.

**About the Role**

You will be the analytics lead that defines a data-driven marketing development and measurement culture at OpenAI. This is critical as we hope to reach millions of users and businesses worldwide.

**In this role, you will:**

* Define KPIs for campaigns and marketing programs.
* Develop clear measurement frameworks. Implementing full-funnel measurement and attribution tools to inform marketing investment. Providing data and insights that allow the org to assess performance and drive planning.
* Design experiments to measure marketing campaign impact
* Analyze large data sets, design and perform statistical analysis
* Explore marketing or behavioral data to identify trends and key insights that uncover new growth opportunities or areas for efficiency improvements.
* Develop dashboards, reports and other ways of enabling the team to answer data questions in a self-serve way.
* Lead/participate in xfn collaboration with other analytics and marketing teams.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* 7+ years experience in a quantitative role navigating a highly ambiguous environment
* Experience designing experiments with clear insights utilizing SQL and Python
* Experience working with marketing org designing tests (e.g. matched market, holdout/exposed) for campaigns.
* Experience defining goals for campaigns and marketing programs.
* Experience building measurement plans and capability
* Familiar with data sources such as media measurement, web analytics, social listening, and brand lift studies.
* Excellent communication skills with demonstrated ability to communicate with marketing and executives.
* Nice-to-have: demonstrated prior experience in NLP, large language models or generative AI.

**Workplace & Location:**

San Francisco is preferred. We operate on a hybrid model and expect team members to be in the office three days per week. We are open to remote candidates, with the expectation of frequent travel to San Francisco for team collaboration, planning, and key milestones.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
