---
title: Product Manager, Integrity
status: active
id: 11ef39d5-d230-414b-9f3e-a0624efa5b11
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/11ef39d5-d230-414b-9f3e-a0624efa5b11
lastmod: '2025-12-10T22:47:23.036+00:00'
date: '2025-12-10T22:47:23.036+00:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Product Management
---

**About the Team**

Our team brings OpenAI’s most capable technology to the world through our products. We’ve released ChatGPT, o3, and Sora. We empower consumers and developers alike to use and access our state-of-the-art AI models, allowing them to do things that they’ve never been able to before.

Across all product lines, we ensure that these powerful tools are used responsibly. This is a key part of OpenAI’s path towards safely deploying broadly beneficial Artificial General Intelligence (AGI). Safety is more important to us than unfettered growth.

**About the Role**

We are seeking an experienced Product Manager to scale the product efforts and overall technical strategy for the Integrity team. The ideal candidate has prior experience solving complex forms of scaled abuse, building sophisticated protections across multiple parts of OpenAI’s product suite (ChatGPT, API, Sora). This role requires close collaboration with our product, safety, policy, user operations and engineering teams.

This position is based in London, England. We utilize a hybrid work model with 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Build tooling for AI-forward investigation of malicious users
* Develop infrastructure for the incubation of detection of novel misuse of OpenAI’s services
* Lead full stack systems to prevent violations of OpenAI’s usage policies
* Use data to better understand user needs and guide future product development
* Collaborate with a wide range of stakeholders, including teams in product, finance, operations and engineering.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 10+ years of product management or related industry experience.
* Obtained a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Analytics, Mathematics, Physics, Applied Sciences, or a related field.
* Have proven experience working in a technical environment with cross-functional teams to drive product vision, define requirements, and guide the team through key milestones.
* Have world-class communication and collaboration skills in working with a wide variety of cross-functional stakeholders
* Showcase strong leadership, organizational, and execution skills, along with proven communication abilities.

  **Compensation, Benefits and Perks**

  This is a position with OpenAI UK Ltd., which controls the hiring and management of this position.

  Total compensation includes a competitive salary, generous equity, and benefits.

  + Private medical insurance covering 100% of premiums for employees and their dependents
  + Pension plan with 4% employer contribution
  + 52 weeks of maternity leave and 24 weeks of parental leave
  + Unlimited time off
  + Annual learning & development stipend ($1,500 USD equivalent per year)

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
