---
title: M&A Recruiter, People
status: active
id: 172a1bea-9cfc-41de-80d0-c6fe31e17cd1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/172a1bea-9cfc-41de-80d0-c6fe31e17cd1
lastmod: '2026-03-12T21:04:06.233+00:00'
date: '2026-03-12T21:04:06.233+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- People
- Recruiting
compensation: $240K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Strategic Initiatives team sits within OpenAI’s Recruiting organization and focuses on some of the most dynamic, people-driven areas of the company. We lead efforts across Executive Recruiting, Mergers & Acquisitions, Talent Intelligence, High Impact Talent, and Special Projects.

**About the Role**

As a Mergers & Acquisitions Recruiter, you’ll be a key partner in evaluating and closing talent through high-stakes M&A deals. This role demands exceptional judgment, speed, and absolute discretion. You’ll operate at the center of some of OpenAI’s most impactful decisions - shaping the future of the company by bringing in extraordinary, mission-aligned talent.   
  
We’re looking for someone who thrives in ambiguity, moves seamlessly between strategy and execution, and is energized by complexity, challenge, and pace.  
  
This role is based in our San Francisco office and we aren’t considering remote applications at this time. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office with optional work from home on Thursdays and Fridays. We also offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Lead talent evaluation process from pre-diligence mapping, interview prep, through closing candidates.
* Collaborator on People diligence, organizational design, and long-term talent strategy in partnership with HRBPs, M&A People Partner, Corporate Development, Legal, and functional leaders.
* Work collaboratively with multiple cross-functional teams across the company, including on post-transaction and integration activities.
* Provide strategic partnership to the business and domain Recruiting across various flavors of formal and informal acquisitions.
* Flex into other areas of Strategic Initiatives or program manage as needed.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 8+ years of executive, M&A, or technical recruiting experience in fast-paced technology companies.
* Have a strong sense of ownership, are inquisitive and enthusiastic about technology, enjoy being continually challenged, and can demonstrate sound judgment in ambiguous situations.
* Proven success operating with discretion and high judgment on sensitive or high-profile hires.
* Ability to context-switch and operate at altitude, while still executing with precision.
* Deep understanding of organizational design, compensation structures, and hiring lifecycles.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
