---
title: Product Designer, People Innovation Labs
status: active
id: 3874db80-f3ec-4dd1-8d56-6441e8f7299d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/3874db80-f3ec-4dd1-8d56-6441e8f7299d
lastmod: '2026-03-26T23:22:08.357+00:00'
date: '2026-03-26T23:22:08.357+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- People
- People Innovation Labs
compensation: $230K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Role**

We’re hiring a Product Designer to support People Innovation Labs, a fast-moving engineering team embedded in the People organization focused on rethinking how we find and retain the best talent and empower everyone to do their best work.

From recruiting to culture, we’re designing systems and products that give our People Team a significant edge by infusing OpenAI’s models and first-principles thinking into every aspect of our work. Our projects range from greenfield 0-1 products like OpenHouse (our internal knowledge hub) to AI-powered automations and scalable recruiting tools. We’re defining the future of work at OpenAI, creating a blueprint for how AI can supercharge productivity, culture, and innovation.

In this role, you’ll be embedded with Product and Engineering to ensure our work drives measurable business outcomes.

**In this role you will:**

* Contribute to the overall design and product direction for internal People products at OpenAI
* Design and ship high-quality products and improvements, from early concepts to high-fidelity prototypes and visuals
* Partner closely with engineering, product management, AI research, and design peers to define both long-term strategy and short-term tactics
* Engage in user research to better understand our users and refine our products
* Contribute to and evolve our design system
* Help establish our design culture and grow our team

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 4+ years of experience shipping larger scale software products
* Have a portfolio showcasing strong UX, UI, and interaction design skills, with a high bar for quality and craft
* Love thinking through complex interaction design problems
* Possess impactful communication and storytelling skills
* Enjoy tackling ambiguous problems and shaping them into a clear vision
* Get excited about being immersed in the AI research process and defining how AI-first products should look and behave

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
