---
title: Corporate Security Manager
status: active
id: 39c7261f-d21e-42e8-b14e-2c71842cd35e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/39c7261f-d21e-42e8-b14e-2c71842cd35e
lastmod: '2026-05-26T18:54:52.685+00:00'
date: '2026-05-26T18:54:52.685+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Corporate Security
compensation: $203K – $225K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Corporate Security team is responsible for safeguarding all OpenAI employees and executives. Our mission is to create a secure, resilient environment that allows our teams to focus on their work without risk or disruption. We manage physical security operations across offices, events, and global initiatives, partnering closely with internal teams and external agencies to stay ahead of emerging threats.

**About the Role**

As a **Corporate Security Manager**, based in our San Francisco office, you will lead day-to-day security operations while supporting the development of global physical security strategies, policies, and procedures. You will work cross-functionally to maintain a strong and adaptive security posture, manage vendor security teams, and serve as a key liaison with law enforcement and security partners.

This position requires hands-on experience in corporate security operations. This role typically involves **4–5 days in the office each week**.

**In this role, you will:**

* **Office Security:** Develop, implement, and manage physical security measures, including policies, systems, and vendor relationships, to protect employees and visitors in the San Francisco offices.
* **International Offices:** Support the International Director to safeguard OpenAI’s global footprint by assisting with security policy writing, consistent with US and main office policy and procedures, including ongoing mitigation strategies.
* **Events:** Support local events when needed and work with the resilience team on updating policy and procedures that involve the GSOC’s support.
* **Partnerships & Stakeholder Engagement:** Establish and strengthen relationships with local law enforcement agencies, peer security organizations, and other external partners to stay current on emerging risks.
* **Policy Development & Compliance:** Be the primary point of contact for the Corporate Security Operations team for global policy and procedures. Support and contribute to all the Corp Sec pillars as needed, for policy development or updates. Development of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), training programs, and compliance initiatives, ensuring all protocols meet high-quality standards and legal requirements.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* 10+ years in corporate or vendor security, plus 5+ years in law enforcement or military environments.
* A degree in English, English writing or communication.
* Operations skills relevant to the management of vendor security teams.
* An understanding and optimizing advanced security technologies—such as access control, surveillance, video management and intrusion detection systems.
* A successful track record of evaluating, selecting and managing third-party security vendors and contracted services.
* Demonstrated ability to partner effectively with internal teams and external agencies, forging strong, collaborative relationships.
* Proven skill in creating, revising, and executing SOPs to ensure consistent and efficient security practices, alongside training programs for both security personnel and broader teams.
* Are comfortable working in a dynamic environment, swiftly pivoting in response to emerging threats or organizational changes.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
