---
title: AI Support Engineer, Government - San Francisco
status: active
id: 3ea8b9e4-e193-4f0c-a4ba-2da65242df45
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/3ea8b9e4-e193-4f0c-a4ba-2da65242df45
lastmod: '2026-02-20T23:49:13.240+00:00'
date: '2026-02-20T23:49:13.240+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Support Delivery
- User Operations
compensation: $180K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

About the Team

OpenAI’s User Operations team shepherds our customers’ adoption of AI and ensures that our customers' product experience is nothing short of exceptional. We are building the very first post-AGI support team. We resolve complex issues, provide technical guidance, and support customers in maximizing value and adoption from deploying our products. We work closely with Sales, Technical Success, Product, Engineering and others, to deliver the best possible experience to our customers at scale. OpenAI's customers represent a range of diverse backgrounds and maturity, from early-stage startups to established global enterprises.

About the Role

We’re looking for dedicated, experienced, and deeply curious individuals to help solve some of the most complex challenges faced by our customers while building the future of post-AGI support alongside us. In this role, you’ll work directly with customers through support tickets, troubleshooting high-impact issues and resolving novel, often ambiguous technical problems in one of the fastest-moving environments in technology. As AI adoption rapidly accelerates, the work you do will directly support mission-critical systems being built on OpenAI’s platform, serving as a critical line of defense for customers operating at massive scale.

Beyond resolving technical issues, you’ll help define what world-class support looks like in an AGI-driven future. You’ll partner closely with Engineering, Product, and Operations to improve systems, reduce bugs, and elevate the customer experience, while leveraging automation, agents, and our own AI technology to transform how support operates at scale.

We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees. *As employees in this role with work with many customers based on the East Coast, regularly weekday hours will commence at 6am Pacific.*

***To comply with a U.S. government contract, applicants for this position must be U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, or U.S. persons (i.e., U.S. lawful permanent residents, refugees and asylees).***

You’ll be responsible for:

* Support public sector customers, including U.S. Government agencies and teams operating under FedRAMP requirements, by troubleshooting complex issues and translating security and compliance needs into clear next steps.
* Work directly with customers, solving their most complex problems and providing ownership and education on the use of our platforms.
* Be among the foremost experts on everything related to OpenAI products, even where our AI does not have the answer.
* Be among the last line of defense before our core Product and Engineering teams, and partner with engineering and customer teams to resolve issues.
* Use scripting and emerging AI capabilities to improve internal tooling and automate recurring processes.
* Take learnings from resolving customer issues and create our approach to scaling these solutions, partnering with product and Go-To-Market teams.
* Orchestrate agentic improvements to our operations that will level-up our entire team.
* Foster a supportive and productive work culture within the User Operations team.
* Provide support coverage in on call shifts and during holidays and weekends based on business needs.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* Have 8+ years of experience in user operations, technical support, or support engineering roles, ideally within tech startups or fast-paced environments.
* Are comfortable using emerging technologies (ie. Codex, ChatGPT, OpenAI API, etc.) to script or engineer code (e.g., Python or similar) for automating repetitive tasks and integrating tools.
* Have expert-level SaaS troubleshooting skills with the ability to rapidly understand new technologies and complex concepts.
* Naturally question established norms, skillfully identify root causes, and proactively drive innovation and process improvements.
* Are among the very best critical thinkers, problem solvers, and communicators of complex technical issues in the industry.
* Thrive in ambiguity, adapt rapidly to change, continuously learn, and proactively seek opportunities for growth.
* Have proven experience building strong relationships with customers and cross-functionally to drive resolution to complex issues.
* Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help others, and a desire to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to make both your team and our customers succeed.
* Have high horsepower, are adept at frequent context switching and working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership and prioritization.
* *Preferred:* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, another relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
