---
title: Product Manager, Bio Safety
status: active
id: 454dfbeb-69f5-4ee2-9f8f-963359400ad9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/454dfbeb-69f5-4ee2-9f8f-963359400ad9
lastmod: '2026-03-17T00:10:40.062+00:00'
date: '2026-03-17T00:10:40.062+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Product Management
compensation: $293K – $325K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Safety Systems manages the complete lifecycle of safety efforts for OpenAI’s frontier models, ensuring our models are deployed responsibly and have a positive impact on society. Our work spans diverse research and engineering initiatives—from system-level safeguards and model training to evaluation and red-teaming—all aimed at mitigating misuse, misalignment, and maintaining our high bar for safety. We lead OpenAI's commitment to developing and deploying safe Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), fostering a culture of trust, responsibility, and transparency.

Our goal is to continuously learn from deployments, distribute AI’s benefits widely, and ensure that powerful tools remain aligned with human values and safety considerations.

**About the Role**

We are hiring a Product Manager to focus on biosecurity risk. In this role, you will drive initiatives which ensure that OpenAI’s frontier model deployments are safe, impactful, and aligned with user needs and technical innovation in your respective space. You will clarify strategic priorities, develop safety-focused product roadmaps, and collaborate closely with AI researchers, software engineers, policy experts, and cross-functional partners. You will also create a plan to uplift the ecosystem, accelerating others to outpace adversaries. This role suits a proactive, technically skilled product manager adept at adversarial thinking and excited to tackle challenging, ambiguous problems through structured analysis and collaborative decision-making.

This position is based in San Francisco, CA, with relocation assistance available.

**In this role, you will:**

* Partner closely with research, engineering, data science, policy teams, and other stakeholders to embed safety throughout the development and deployment of frontier AI models.
* Develop comprehensive frameworks for understanding and mitigating deployment safety risks, drawing on data analysis, expert consultation, and adversarial assessments.
* Define strategic priorities and product roadmaps focused on improving deployment safety, enhancing reliability, and managing emerging AI capabilities.
* Create scalable methodologies, tools, and processes for evaluating, refining, and continuously improving our safety systems.
* Establish repeatable processes to integrate cutting-edge AI safety research into OpenAI’s models and product offerings.
* Develop and continuously refine clear, actionable metrics that effectively capture safety performance and user experience at scale.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 6+ years of product management or related industry roles, with specific expertise in AI safety, trust & safety, integrity, or related domains.
* Have a background in biology.
* Are deeply curious and interested in interdisciplinary fields such as human-computer interaction, psychology, philosophy, or similar areas.
* Have hands-on experience driving consensus and action in ambiguous spaces.
* Excel at identifying and challenging underlying assumptions and constraints through insightful questioning.
* Are highly effective at cross-functional collaboration and communicating complex technical concepts clearly and persuasively.
* Enjoy working in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
