---
title: Manager, AI Deployment Engineering - Digital Natives
status: active
id: 51a5d931-872e-4fa5-a898-36dfb663e3c1
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/51a5d931-872e-4fa5-a898-36dfb663e3c1
lastmod: '2026-06-05T18:26:03.392+00:00'
date: '2026-06-05T18:26:03.392+00:00'
location: New York City
departments:
- Go To Market
- Technical Success
compensation: $251K – $335K • Offers Equity
---

**About the team**

The AI Deployment Engineering team is responsible for ensuring the safe and effective deployment of Generative AI applications for developers and enterprises. We act as a trusted advisor and thought partner for our customers, working to build an effective backlog of GenAI use cases for their industry and drive them to production through strong technical guidance. As the leader of our AI Deployment Engineers in the Digital Native segment, you’ll help technology and software companies transform their business through solutions such as customer service, automated content generation, and novel applications that make use of our newest, most exciting models.

**About the role**

We are seeking a leader to ensure the technical success of our most strategic technology and software customers in the Americas. In this role, you will manage the entire implementation journey, ensuring seamless platform integration. As the voice of our customers, you will align technical teams to deliver a consistent and exceptional experience throughout the customer lifecycle. Success will be measured by live production applications, increased API adoption, and impactful customer stories that demonstrate the value of our technology.

This role is open in our San Francisco office. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Own the strategy and operating model of the AI Deployment Engineering team, ensuring alignment with company objectives and the evolving needs of our customers.
* Lead, build, and mentor a team of high-performing AI Deployment Engineers to deliver exceptional customer outcomes, as demonstrated by production customer applications and increased API adoption.
* Serve as the technical advocate for our customers, synthesizing their needs to develop the Research and Applied Product/Engineering roadmaps.
* Act as the primary technical escalation point during development, fostering trust and maintaining direct communication with executive-level stakeholders.
* Serve as an industry thought leader, championing the safe and innovative application of our technology across various sectors.

**You’ll thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 8+ years of experience in a technical customer-facing role, managing C-level technical and business relationships with complex global organizations.
* Have 2+ years of experience leading technical post-sales teams with a demonstrated ability to hire, develop, and manage technical teams.
* Have led complex implementations of Generative AI/traditional ML solutions and have knowledge of network/cloud architecture.
* Have industry experience in programming languages like Python or Javascript.
* Are an effective and polished communicator who can translate business and technical topics to all audiences and mentor others to do the same.
* Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help others, and a desire to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to make both your team and our customers succeed.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
