---
title: Full Stack Engineer, Intelligence Systems
status: active
id: 52c72cb9-7c44-4cba-b440-e05262a38491
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/52c72cb9-7c44-4cba-b440-e05262a38491
lastmod: '2025-11-12T20:52:20.549+00:00'
date: '2025-11-12T20:52:20.549+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Intelligence & Investigations
compensation: $230K – $325K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Intelligence and Investigations team seeks to rapidly detect and disrupt abuse in AI technologies to ensure their safe use. We are dedicated to identifying emerging abuse trends, analyzing risks, and working with our internal partners to implement effective mitigation strategies to protect against misuse. Our efforts contribute to OpenAI's overarching goal of developing AI that benefits all of humanity.

**About the Role**

As an Intelligence Systems Engineer, you’ll be focused on advancing our Intelligence & Investigations efforts at OpenAI, ensuring the safe and responsible use of AI across our products and services.

We are seeking a self-starter to prototype, develop, and maintain new tools and processes that integrate OpenAI’s models and infrastructure to enable internal teams to make sense of large, open-domain datasets, fight abuse, and inform high-stakes decisions.

You will be a crucial technical bridge between our data scientists and subject matter experts and technical teams like Platform Integrity, Safety Systems, and Research by leading the development of innovative tools and processes that bolster goals in scaled collections, investigations, and analysis.

The ideal candidate has strong analytical and data skills, with a background in both prototyping and building scalable systems that can swiftly detect emerging threats, process vast amounts of information, and deliver insights to stakeholders. We value professionals with outstanding communication skills, a commitment to continuous learning, and who are dedicated to promoting the responsible use of AI.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Prototype, build, and maintain at-scale intelligence systems that detect, triage, and monitor targeted signals from both open-source and internal data
* Analyze requirements and deliver end-to-end solutions that address complex intelligence challenges while ensuring code quality and scalability
* Be a crucial technical bridge between our Intelligence needs and technical teams like Platform Integrity, Safety Systems, and Research
* Contribute to shaping the team’s technical strategy and design user interfaces for non-technical investigators and analysts
* Prototype new applications to automate team workflows and route leads
* Report on scaled impact using advanced data analysis and visualization products
* Work closely with internal stakeholders and address their technical intelligence needs

**You might thrive in this role if you have / are:**

* Experience in engineering and project management, ideally with a focus on security, intelligence, or data analysis products.

* Strong technical background and proven track record of building and maintaining systems that enable users to make sense of large, open-domain datasets, fight abuse, and inform high-stakes decisions.

* Proficiency in data analysis, SQL / Python, and application of novel AI techniques for problem-solving.

* Demonstrated ability to leverage cross-functional teams, manage complex product ecosystems, and deliver results in a fast-paced and sometimes ambiguous environment.

* Strong belief in & passion for the value of AI in enabling humans to better understand the complexity of the world

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
