---
title: GRC Program Manager, US Government Compliance
status: active
id: 550d0123-238c-4ad8-aaee-ea4a5a484639
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/550d0123-238c-4ad8-aaee-ea4a5a484639
lastmod: '2026-04-23T21:42:16.004+00:00'
date: '2026-04-23T21:42:16.004+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Security
compensation: $162K – $310K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) is foundational to Security delivering mission outcomes at OpenAI. We’re excited about building creative solutions to ambiguous security requirements and delivering new technologies to mission critical customers. The GRC team provides security and engineering expertise to ensure our customers’ most critical and stringent requirements are met. We are technical in what we build but are operational in how we do our work, and are committed to obtaining, expanding, and maintaining Authorizations to Operate (ATOs) for critical systems while fostering a collaborative and execution-driven culture.

**About the Role**

Our technologies support some of the most important and impactful work in the world, including our strategic and high-impact customers in the public sector. As a GRC Program Manager, you’ll play a pivotal role in achieving US government (USG) ATOs and compliance frameworks, including but not limited to FedRAMP and Department of War (DoW),for OpenAI products and support agency-specific ATOs for systems deployed in highly regulated and secure environments. You’ll work closely with engineers, internal stakeholders, and external assessors to design, document, and implement security controls that meet stringent compliance requirements. Your creativity and execution-focused approach will be critical in navigating complex challenges while maintaining the trust of our stakeholders.

**We’re looking for people who bring:**

* Proven experience in obtaining and maintaining a FedRAMP ATO and agency specific ATOs in highly restricted environments, within government or regulated sectors.
* A deep understanding of USG security frameworks and policies (e.g., NIST, RMF, FedRAMP).
* Ability to communicate technical concepts to diverse audiences, including engineers and non-technical stakeholders.
* Exceptional technical program management skills, with the ability to multitask and deliver large complex programs under pressure.

**This role is based in Washington, DC. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.**

**In this role, you will:**

* Drive the ATO process for FedRAMP and across multiple government clients in restricted environments with minimal oversight.
* Collaborate with engineering teams to interpret security requirements and implement controls that balance compliance with operational needs.
* Create clear, concise, and technically accurate documentation, including System Security Plans (SSPs), risk assessments, and architecture diagrams.
* Act as a subject matter expert during audits and assessments, representing the organization with credibility and expertise.
* Continuously refine processes to improve the efficiency and quality of compliance efforts.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* An active US security clearance.
* 5+ years of compliance experience in positions involving information security, data security, or infrastructure or network security.
* Familiarity with deployment models, including to cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) and the underlying infrastructure primitives (Kubernetes, Terraform).
* Strong familiarity with core security concepts and technologies, such as authentication, encryption, vulnerability management, and audit logging.
* The ability to work collaboratively and effectively in a cross-functional team environment.
* Thrive in dynamic environments and can navigate ambiguity with ease.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
