---
title: 'Engineering Manager, Answer Experience '
status: active
id: 5816f1a5-c3c2-4ae8-9739-8a2ba7f139ef
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/5816f1a5-c3c2-4ae8-9739-8a2ba7f139ef
lastmod: '2026-01-15T22:56:39.877+00:00'
date: '2026-01-15T22:56:39.877+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Applied AI
- Applied AI Engineering
compensation: $293K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Answer Experience team is reimagining how people access information and get answers to all their questions in ChatGPT. Working across research, engineering, product, and design, we’re building experiences that seamlessly bring together intelligence, real-time information, and rich, interactive visual content. No matter what question a user comes to ChatGPT with, this team makes sure they get the perfect experience.

**About the Role**

We’re looking for an experienced engineering leader to grow and guide our Answer Experience team.

**In this role, you will:**

* Hire and manage a diverse, high-performing engineering team
* Collaborate with teams across research, product, design, and engineering to enable step-change improvements to how ChatGPT answers look and feel
* Coach engineers to maximize their impact and growth
* Create an inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome while enabling radical candor and the challenging of groupthink

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 10+ years of experience in engineering, including 5+ years of experience in engineering management
* Have a passion for building and evolving delightful, essential product experiences
* Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapid change, and eager to get deep into the weeds to help solve problems
* Have a strong track record of coaching engineers to achieve their peak potential
* Feel a voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills—and an equally strong talent for sharing learnings clearly and concisely with others
* Have experience attracting and hiring top talent for highly competitive technical roles, and can effectively communicate a vision that resonates with candidates

This role is exclusively based in our San Francisco HQ. We offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
