---
title: Research Program Manager, Human Data Campaigns
status: active
id: 5edd5a13-2fc9-427c-ad88-2b67c97a0afe
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/5edd5a13-2fc9-427c-ad88-2b67c97a0afe
lastmod: '2026-07-21T18:24:43.052+00:00'
date: '2026-07-21T18:24:43.052+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Research
- Research Program Management
compensation: $239K – $328K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**OpenAI's Human Data Team creates custom data solutions driving groundbreaking research. Our work enhances and evaluates our flagship models and products like ChatGPT, GPT-5, and Sora, and contributes to safety initiatives through collaboration with our Preparedness and Safety Systems teams.

**About the Role**

As a Research Program Manager (RPM) in the Human Data team you will partner with research and engineering to design and implement pragmatic solutions for collecting high-quality data. You will be a key interface between our research roadmap, external vendors, AI trainers, and the Human Data engineering team.

This role is based in our San Francisco HQ.

**In this role, you will:**

* **Collaborate with Research:** Partner with researchers to scope data collection needs, define success metrics, and establish quality measurement frameworks.
* **Design & Execute Data Collection Campaigns:** Translate research needs into actionable plans and accelerate execution by leveraging existing tooling and iterating to reach the desired outcome. In many cases, you will need to implement scrappy new solutions while partnering with engineering to design robust/scalable solutions.
* **Unblock Yourself:** You must be deeply uncomfortable with the idea of sitting around waiting for external dependencies, and have the technical acumen and drive to figure out how to achieve at least partial success in the interim.
* **Optimize Systems & Processes:** Build and optimize dashboards to track campaign performance, leveraging SQL and Python for data analysis and actionable insights.
* **Drive Technical Roadmaps:** Collaborate with engineers to enhance data platforms, resolve blockers, and ensure security best practices such as access management.
* **Scale Your Impact**: Advise and empower program managers and vendors to drive day-to-day execution so that you can focus on addressing high priority opportunities.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Are proficient in SQL and Python for data analysis, including querying databases, processing large datasets, and generating actionable insights.

* Are proficient in Python for interacting with various tools via APIs, including sending requests, processing responses, and integrating functionalities into workflows.
* Are proficient in SQL for creating analytics dashboards, including writing complex queries, optimizing data retrieval, and visualizing insights for decision-making.
* Are excited to understand the technicalities of cutting edge AI research and work alongside researchers from instantiation to launch.
* Enjoy being part of an ambitious and technically-minded team.
* Have experience working at large scale across a portfolio of projects.
* Want to get your hands dirty; grit and creative problem solving will be required daily.
* Have an action-oriented and deeply curious mind.
* Learn technical concepts exceptionally quickly, seeking out knowledge to become proficient in areas that are new to you.
* Operate with high horsepower, are adept at frequent context switching and working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthless prioritization.
* Thrive in dynamic environments and can navigate ambiguity with ease.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
