---
title: GTM Enablement Lead
status: active
id: 65e1a63a-2dd8-4fbd-b034-2bdf5455632a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/65e1a63a-2dd8-4fbd-b034-2bdf5455632a
lastmod: '2026-05-27T01:04:15.455+00:00'
date: '2026-05-27T01:04:15.455+00:00'
location: India - Remote
departments:
- Enablement
- Go To Market
---

**About the team**

OpenAI’s mission is to build safe artificial general intelligence (AGI) which benefits all of humanity. This long-term undertaking brings the world’s best scientists, engineers, and business professionals into one lab together to accomplish this.

In pursuit of this mission, our Go To Market (GTM) team is responsible for helping customers learn how to leverage and deploy our highly capable AI products across their business. The team is made of Sales, Solutions,, Support, Marketing, and Partnership professionals that work together to create valuable solutions that will help bring AI to as many users as possible.

**About the role**

Our Go To Market team has a unique mission to help customers understand the deep impact that highly capable AI models can bring to their business and users. We are seeking a GTM Readiness Lead who will be a key player in building the foundational processes and programs to enable our team to achieve this mission.

You will build and deliver the programs to accelerate the onboarding of newly hired reps, support customer facing roles to achieve and exceed goals, and elevate the knowledge and skills of our technical team members across our product suite. You will work cross-functionally with product, solution strategists, sellers, marketing, and leadership to build the enablement programs and collateral that will help accelerate the success of our customers and our organization.

This role is based in Mumbai, India.

**In this role, you will:**

* Define our sales enablement strategy by identifying obstacles and gaps and prioritizing initiatives that will support our GTM teams in achieving and succeeding our goals.
* Partner closely with Product, Product Marketing, Adoption, Deployment, and other teams to build internal and external facing collateral that will support the GTM team in best selling to and serving our customers.
* Build, manage and automate information and collateral that GTM team members need in order to be effective in their roles.
* Manage the regional Sales and Technical Success training calendar and run trainings that may include new process roll-outs, product launches, and other programs to make the teams more effective in their roles.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* Experience building programs and initiatives from scratch to enable rapidly scaling GTM teams.
* Exceptional project management skills, with experience leading complex, cross-functional initiatives.
* Outstanding communication skills and executive presence, with experience presenting in front of large audiences.
* A combination of technical depth and strategic thinking; and enjoy translating day-to-day patterns into scalable solutions.
* An understanding of the AI landscape, our applications, and the problems they solve for our customers.
* The ability to thrive in ambiguity and work autonomously.
* Exceptional organizational skills.
* The ability to operate with high horsepower, be adept at frequent context switching and working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthless prioritization.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
