---
title: Strategic Finance Generalist
status: active
id: 767927cc-a32b-47c5-a5f2-a69c47d7c710
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/767927cc-a32b-47c5-a5f2-a69c47d7c710
lastmod: '2026-04-22T23:46:07.495+00:00'
date: '2026-04-22T23:46:07.495+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Strategic Finance
compensation: $234K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Strategic Finance team provides financial insights and guidance to support the organization's long-term goals and strategies. We partner across the business to allocate and deploy our resources for the highest impact outcomes.

**About the Role**

We are hiring a Strategic Finance Generalist to help drive strategic decisions for OpenAI across a variety of areas, including board engagements, strategic & commercial transactions, capital markets activities, and supporting OpenAI’s M&A activities.

This role is based in our San Francisco HQ. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Support critical corporate finance processes, including Board reporting and evolving our long-term forecasting models to support decision-making around expansion and operational strategies.
* Support strategic project work spanning transactions, capital markets activities, market research, new business model evaluations, and other business critical initiatives.
* Create high-quality presentations for communicating OpenAI’s financial performance.
* Distill our business and cost drivers into key metrics that underpin how we communicate financial performance, allocate resources, and plan for growth.
* Identify areas of opportunity across our P&L, cash flow and balance sheet.
* Stay current on market trends and best-in-class financial performance benchmarks.
* Working closely with our Accounting and Corporate Finance teams to build and evolve our financial reporting as well as finance team operations.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* 8+ years of experience in strategic finance, corporate finance, investment banking, private equity, consulting, or another highly analytical role.
* A strong ability to critically evaluate opportunities and risks in financials.
* Expert modeling and analytical skills.
* An exemplary ability to distill complex financial information into actionable insights.
* Excellent communication skills and “story telling” ability when presenting data insights.
* An understanding of business models and metrics that are relevant to OpenAI (i.e. B2B & B2C subscription and consumption models).
* Strong enthusiasm about technology and artificial intelligence.
* Best-in-class attention to detail and unwavering commitment to accuracy.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
