---
title: Manager, Solutions Engineering (India)
status: active
id: 84c0eebc-98f6-4e91-a13f-4d73b0c72b59
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/84c0eebc-98f6-4e91-a13f-4d73b0c72b59
lastmod: '2026-05-12T06:13:28.502+00:00'
date: '2026-05-12T06:13:28.502+00:00'
location: India - Remote
departments:
- Go To Market
- Technical Success
---

**About the team**

The Technical Success team is responsible for ensuring the safe and effective deployment of ChatGPT and OpenAI API applications. We act as a trusted advisor and thought leader for our customers, ensuring developers and enterprises maximize value from our models and products.

**About the role**

We are seeking a Sales Engineering leader to own and elevate technical aspects of OpenAI’s sales motion. This role is responsible for ensuring customers realize maximum value, impact, and adoption from our models and platforms. You're a deeply technical, customer-obsessed leader who represents the voice of the customer and unifies our customer-facing technical teams around a cohesive, world-class experience across the entire customer lifecycle.

This role is critical to the success of our go-to-market strategy and will have a meaningful influence on both the direction of our technology in the market and how organizations adopt it. You will oversee technical aspects of the sales process, spanning pre-sales solution design and technical validation. You'll also partner closely with post-sales teams as needed to ensure continuity, trust, and long-term success for our customers.

You will lead and develop a high-performing team of Solutions Engineers who rely on your leadership to deliver exceptional technical expertise, credibility, and customer outcomes. This role works in close partnership with Sales, Solutions Architecture (post-sales), Customer Success, Security, and Product, and reports directly to the Head of Technical Success, APAC.

This role is based in **Bangalore**.

**In this role, you will:**

* Help craft and continuously refine the strategic vision for OpenAI's Solutions Engineering function, aligning it with broader company objectives and the evolving needs of our diverse clientele.
* Lead and mentor a multifaceted team through the entire sales cycle, fostering an environment that promotes seamless customer engagement, maximum adoption, and scalability.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams including GTM, Product, Engineering, and Research, ensuring synergy and cohesion in our customer engagement strategies.
* Act as the escalation technical contact for key clients in your sales segment, building trust and a direct line of communication with executive-level stakeholders.
* Be a thought leader in the industry, advocating for the effective and innovative application of our AI technologies across various sectors.
* Champion a customer-first approach within the organization, inspiring your team to always prioritize client satisfaction and success.

**You’ll thrive in this role if you:**

* Possess deep technical acumen, particularly in AI and related platform technologies, enabling you to engage effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders alike.
* Are experienced in developing and executing large-scale technical success strategies.
* Excel in motivating and steering a high-performing team, fostering both individual and collective excellence.
* Have experience leading teams spanning across multiple APAC markets and geographies.
* Can distill complex technical concepts into clear, comprehensible communication, adaptable to diverse audiences.
* Embody a customer-centric philosophy, motivating your team to embrace this ethos.
* Demonstrate outstanding presentation and communication skills, particularly when interacting with executive-level individuals.
* Approach your work with humility, a collaborative spirit, and a continuous learning mindset.
* Are adept at problem-solving, prioritizing effectively under pressure.
* Are deeply committed to the ethical and safe advancement of AI technology.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
