---
title: Risk Analyst, Corporate Security
status: active
id: 8ec58023-f644-4e92-b384-72f8db83cd33
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/8ec58023-f644-4e92-b384-72f8db83cd33
lastmod: '2026-04-07T18:45:59.896+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T18:45:59.896+00:00'
location: New York City
departments:
- Corporate Security
offices:
- Washington, DC
- Seattle
compensation: $126.4K – $225K • Offers Equity • Multiple Ranges
---

**About the Team**

The Corporate Security team at OpenAI is dedicated to ensuring the safety and security of our people and facilities. We focus on advancing artificial intelligence responsibly while safeguarding our technologies and intellectual properties worldwide.

**About the Role**

As the Risk Analyst, you will spearhead efforts to identify and mitigate physical security risks associated with potential threats to OpenAI's employees, executives, and facilities globally. This role is pivotal in maintaining a secure environment, allowing for the uninterrupted progression of our AI technologies.

As an ideal candidate, you bring a deep understanding of physical security, counterintelligence, and risk management tailored to a corporate environment. Your skills extend beyond technical knowledge; you excel at building relationships across diverse departments and with external federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies both domestically and internationally. Additionally, your ability to articulate complex security issues clearly and engagingly makes you adept at communicating with stakeholders at all levels within the organization.

**This role is based in Seattle, New York or Washington DC. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.**

**In this role, you will:**

* Conduct ongoing assessments to identify and analyze potential physical security threats and counterintelligence concerns related to OpenAI's personnel and facilities.
* Develop and implement risk mitigation strategies that complement the existing crisis management and cybersecurity measures.
* Maintain active liaison with federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies in the US and abroad to ensure timely sharing of threat intelligence.
* Work closely with the Crisis Management and Information Security teams to ensure a coordinated and comprehensive approach to organizational security.
* Support other Corporate Security programs, including executive protection and event security, ensuring alignment with risk management strategies.
* Prepare and present detailed security risk reports and strategic mitigation plans to senior management.
* Assist in the design and delivery of security training programs focused on physical security and counterintelligence awareness and practices.
* Travel 25-30% of the time for city, market and site assessment (both domestic and international).

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Possess a Bachelor’s degree in security management, criminal justice, or a related field; a Master’s degree is preferred.
* Have substantial experience (6+ years) in managing physical security and counterintelligence risks in both a corporate and governmental environment.
* Exhibit strong leadership and communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with various internal and external stakeholders.
* Are adept at strategic planning and problem-solving within a high-security context.
* Have experience conducting liaison with federal and international law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
* Hold or are capable of obtaining a security clearance as required.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
