---
title: Software Engineer, Web Layer
status: active
id: 915a325b-55f6-44e2-8314-34ec0d8bb2c9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/915a325b-55f6-44e2-8314-34ec0d8bb2c9
lastmod: '2026-06-11T17:52:46.065+00:00'
date: '2026-06-11T17:52:46.065+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Applied AI
- Codex - Engineering
compensation: $255K – $405K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Codex Web Layer team provides the web-based systems and user experiences for Codex across the entire stack, from the Electron-like application framework that powers the application, to the user-facing in-app browser.

**About the Role**

In this role, you will be responsible for designing and implementing infrastructure and features end-to-end for the Codex desktop client application. You will help define what it means to be a hybrid agentic/interactive web browser. The team embodies “full stack” development from the lowest-level OS integration to the highest-level interaction design.

This role is based in San Francisco. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role you will:**

* Partner closely with product and design to conceive, design, and build features for Codex web browsing features on macOS and Windows. This role will focus mostly on the backend C++ layer and Chromium, but many features cross the full stack including some TypeScript.
* Partner with the wider Codex team to deliver a high-performance, stable, and secure application platform for client development. This includes API design and implementation (mostly in C++) and the infrastructure that supports deploying it (in Python, TypeScript, and agentic skills).
* Work with a small, experienced team of engineers on this critical and rapidly growing product.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have significant experience building technically complex features end-to-end.
* Are a strong C++ developer, especially with experience in browser environments like Chromium and Electron. Since this role is more backend focused, general knowledge of web development and TypeScript is helpful but not required.
* Thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment.
* Communicate clearly and concisely across many different roles in the organization.
* Are self-directed, identifying important work and executing it end-to-end.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
