---
title: Program Manager, Human Data
status: active
id: 932c9cc1-c542-4f67-8d0d-443de87b8213
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/932c9cc1-c542-4f67-8d0d-443de87b8213
lastmod: '2026-04-29T15:14:36.139+00:00'
date: '2026-04-29T15:14:36.139+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Human Data
- Research
compensation: $162K – $240K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Human Data team turns human feedback into reliable signals for training and evaluation. We design and run end-to-end programs that capture the depth of human intent behind everyday and high-stakes uses of our models. Our remit spans bespoke data campaigns, scalable synthetic data generation, and product-embedded signals. We partner closely across all research teams to translate these signals into training datasets, novel evaluations, and feedback loops that push the frontier of our models and advancetheir applications.

**About the Role**

As a Program Manager (PGM) in the Human Data team you will partner with our research teams, operations and engineering to execute complex programs for collecting high-quality data. You will be a key interface between our external vendors and AI trainers, ensuring human data campaigns are successfully completed. Your work will play a key role in enabling OpenAI to train safe models that will land in the real world

This role is based in our San Francisco HQ.

**In this role, you will:**

* Work in a high velocity environment, where the outcome of your work will have a direct impact on the models that OpenAI deploy in the real world
* Work closely with external vendors, trainers and internal researchers to collect, review, and deliver high-quality data
* Gather requirements, write instructions, define success criteria, and calibrate the AI trainers
* Use internal tooling to assess labeled data and provide feedback to AI trainers
* Think critically and share recommendations on tooling and process improvements, optimizing for quality, throughput, and AI trainer experience

**You’ll thrive in this role if:**

* **You thrive in dynamic environments.** You are comfortable navigating ambiguity, managing shifting priorities, and adapting to fast-paced changes without missing a beat.
* **You’re curious about AI, LLMs, Agents.** While not required, an interest or background in these areas will help you connect the dots in our broader mission.
* **You have a can-do attitude.** You don’t shy away from rolling up your sleeves and tackling the "grunt work" with the same enthusiasm as high-visibility tasks.
* **You’re an excellent communicator.** You love bringing people together, fostering collaboration, and providing clarity in complex situations. Your empathetic approach helps you understand different perspectives and build strong, trusting relationships.
* **You are resilient and flexible.** Setbacks don’t rattle you. You bounce back quickly, adjust strategies as needed, and maintain a positive, solution-oriented mindset.
* **You’re super organized amidst chaos**. Even when things are moving quickly, you keep track of details, manage competing demands, and bring structure to complexity.
* **You enjoy operational work**. While you might have an interest in broader topics like safety, you find satisfaction in executing operational tasks efficiently and effectively.
* **You have a knack for data.** You've gone beyond basic data annotation and have hands-on experience with data analytics, using insights to inform decisions and improve processes.
* **You’re energized by start-up environments.** If you enjoy the hustle, resourcefulness, and rapid iteration typical of start-ups, you’ll feel right at home.
* **You have some relevant experience.** Ideally, you have at least 1-2 years of relevant experience and are eager to grow within a role that challenges and develops your skills.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
