---
title: Technical Program Manager, Safety Systems Engineering
status: active
id: 9685eb6d-8276-4111-be8c-fd1277ad4555
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/9685eb6d-8276-4111-be8c-fd1277ad4555
lastmod: '2026-03-16T18:08:14.886+00:00'
date: '2026-03-16T18:08:14.886+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Technical Program Management
compensation: $207K – $335K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Safety Systems team is in need of a Technical Program Manager to streamline our full safety stack and integration of various safety research and mitigations into ChatGPT and our API. This role is critical for driving safe deployment of our new models, synthesizing inputs from multiple stakeholders — ranging across research, product, engineering, legal, and policy — and ensuring all the risks are effectively and properly monitored, mitigated, or resolved.

**About the Role**

As a Safety Engineering TPM, you will be responsible for critical tasks ranging from tracking safety engineering progress and risk tables to overseeing critical data infrastructure programs, acting as the connective tissue to enhance the deployment of OpenAI’s safety system. Additionally, you will create and execute a compute roadmap for your team to ensure that our top priorities are resourced while taking advantage of new opportunities to make key safety infrastructure investments. Your primary focus will be to build a foundational layer to support the safety of all of our models and products.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Manage key risk areas and corresponding stakeholders.
* Work directly with safety engineers, engineering managers, and product managers to build common safety infrastructure.
* Manage data and compute infrastructure, including data residency and capacity planning.
* Design and run key internal programs, including incident management and processes for regularly updating our safety mitigations.
* Prioritize and manage a portfolio of infrastructure requests from other internal teams.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science or computer engineering, or a demonstrated track record of engineering expertise.
* Have an extensive track record of successfully delivering high-profile, complex technical projects against tight deadlines.
* Are technically adept, and have effectively partnered with engineering and fundamental research teams of the highest caliber.
* Have expertise in designing and implementing simple, scalable processes that solve complex problems.
* Are relentlessly resourceful and thrive in ambiguous, fast-paced environments.
* Have strong knowledge of content integrity and moderation, including industry best practices and regulatory guidelines.
* Have exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
* Care about AGI safety.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
