---
title: Executive IT Support Lead
status: active
id: 971fe860-14e6-4a80-bac8-662c3aeaea8b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/971fe860-14e6-4a80-bac8-662c3aeaea8b
lastmod: '2026-03-25T00:08:04.990+00:00'
date: '2026-03-25T00:08:04.990+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- IT
compensation: $97.60 – $108.17 per hour • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Employee Tech Experience (ETX) provides the technology and services that all OpenAI employees interact with throughout their journey with the company. Our goal is to create journeys that guide employees through all stages of their time at OpenAI. ETX is a team of includes IT Support, Logistics, System Operations, and ITAV.

**About the Role**

As Executive IT Support Lead you will build and lead a high-touch, white-glove IT support program for OpenAI’s executives. Your responsibilities include designing a program that grows with the changing needs of our executives as the company scales and providing direct IT support to our executives. You will have the opportunity to define how executive support operates with the support of everyone in IT to ensure our executives have the best, most secure technology.

We are looking for someone who has years of success providing the highest level of IT Support for executives at high-growth companies. You should be excellent at communication, troubleshooting, prioritization, coordination, and delegation. Your success in the role depends on your ability to build trust with executives and their business partners and with your peers in ETX and IT.

**You’ll be responsible for:**

* **Defining “excellent” Executive IT Support.** Bring the best of your knowledge and experience to OpenAI and grow Executive IT Support as the company scales. You will meet the executives and EBPs where they’re at to build the program to fit their needs.
* **Acting as frontline Executive IT Support.** You will be trusted with supporting our most senior leaders and their EBPs with all of their technology needs on their timeline. Clearly articulate issues, solutions, and timelines at the level of detail each stakeholder needs.
* **Coordinating with IT and Security.** Your team is here to support you while you support the executives. You will coordinate all needs with a broad team of professionals here to make sure you and the executives are successful and agile.
* **Representing IT Excellence.** You will help IT succeed by identifying emerging needs for our executives and helping IT proactively solve problems before they occur.

**We’re looking for someone with:**

* 8+ years of experience providing Executive IT Support with deep familiarity in the technical requirements of the C-suite in large, fast-paced, public companies.
* Strong technical experience in macOS and Windows, identity and device management (e.g. Azure AD, Jamf, Intune) and enterprise collaboration tools like Google Workspace, Office 365, Slack, and Atlassian products.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, ensuring clarity and professionalism in all interactions.
* A strong attention to detail, consistently setting clear expectations and tracking all requests from end to end.
* A security-, and compliance-first mindset to ensure executive hardware and data remains safe.
* Discretion in handling sensitive information.

**Workplace & Location**

This role is based out of our San Francisco office and requires 5 days in office per week, with domestic and international travel required multiple times a month as needed.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
