---
title: Strategy & Operations, Support
status: active
id: 9747412d-a23d-48ba-bddd-ad1247c360f5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/9747412d-a23d-48ba-bddd-ad1247c360f5
lastmod: '2026-02-09T18:30:40.538+00:00'
date: '2026-02-09T18:30:40.538+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- User Operations
compensation: $240K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The User Operations team (Support) is central to ensuring that our customers' experience with our products is nothing short of exceptional. We resolve complex issues, provide technical guidance, and support customers in maximizing value and adoption from deploying our products. We work closely with Sales, Technical Success, Product, Engineering and others to deliver the best possible experience to our customers at scale. OpenAI's customers represent a range of diverse backgrounds and maturity, from early-stage startups to established global enterprises.

**About the Role**

We are seeking a dynamic support strategy operator to drive strategic and operational initiatives across OpenAI’s customer support/user operations landscape. In this role, you will work closely with leaders in User Operations and across the company to help scale, mature, and optimize our support operations. Your work will span a range of strategic initiatives aimed at enhancing the customer experience and driving operational excellence, ensuring that our support organization can sustainably scale with the business's growth.

You’ll be responsible for deeply understanding our organization and priorities – where we’re at, where we’re going – and will work relentlessly towards planning and executing on our vision to provide best-in-class support. This role is not “creating and executing playbooks”. AI has and will continue to fundamentally change the customer experience and the way we build tools and organizations; this role requires a proactive, strategic planner and executor that can think ten steps ahead, defining the future of customer support at OpenAI and in the world.

**In this role, you will:**

* Work within User Operations and across OpenAI to leverage AI/LLMs across the organization. While this role goes beyond just leveraging technology, it will be at the root of this role (as it is the root of our company)
* Collaborate with leaders to identify, evaluate, and prioritize new strategic and operational initiatives, ensuring alignment with company goals and unique organizational objectives
* Thrives in chaos, and relentlessly drives program structure conducive to progress and execution.
* Work with product, engineering, and data teams to uncover and address key operational challenges and growth/scaling opportunities within the support organization, such as automation, process optimization, and enhanced self-service options.
* Deep dive into the critical drivers of our support operations and identifying opportunities for optimization and innovation.
* Partner with other members of the go-to-market organization, product, and partnerships to launch new initiatives – helping think through strategic impacts, executing on operational components, and driving change management.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 8+ years of experience in business operations, strategy, venture capital, private equity, consulting. You have a history of high impact work in a technical environment.
* Are non-traditional – this role will require leveraging technology and concepts that are not yet established in the world (some of which you will produce yourself). “Traditional” operations may not fully apply here
* Are comfortable operating at all altitudes – discussing strategy and vision with executives, and troubleshooting operations with individual contributors.
* Have extensive experience in taking end-to-end ownership of large, ambiguous problems, and breaking them down into clear, actionable plans.
* Have direct experience engaging with executives and senior leaders to influence and drive strategic decisions.
* Are highly analytical, with strong skills in data modeling and operational forecasting to drive insights and decision-making.
* Possess excellent communication and collaboration skills and are skilled in influencing stakeholders across all levels of the organization.
* Have a passion for technology, AI, and customer service, and are enthusiastic about the transformative impact of AI on business and society.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
