---
title: Signal Integrity Engineer
status: active
id: 97507b0b-1d56-4801-ab20-4f22fe221593
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/97507b0b-1d56-4801-ab20-4f22fe221593
lastmod: '2026-01-22T00:49:52.673+00:00'
date: '2026-01-22T00:49:52.673+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Scaling
- Hardware
compensation: $225K – $445K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s Hardware organization develops silicon and system-level solutions designed for the unique demands of advanced AI workloads. The team is responsible for building the next generation of AI-native silicon while working closely with software and research partners to co-design hardware tightly integrated with AI models. In addition to delivering production-grade silicon for OpenAI’s supercomputing infrastructure, the team also creates custom design tools and methodologies that accelerate innovation and enable hardware optimized specifically for AI.

**About the Role**

We’re looking for signal integrity (SI) system design engineers who have a deep expertise in the SI area, and hold strong system level design knowledge

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Lead system signal integrity (SI) design for AI supercomputer product in the data center application.
* Collaborate with chip, package, boards, rack and system engineers, design partners to drive system SI design and develop innovative interconnect and high-speed technologies
* Identify and evaluate new technologies and methodologies to improve signal and power integrity in product design, and contribute to the development of new products and technology by providing expertise in signal integrity
* Perform simulation and modeling to identify and troubleshoot signal integrity issues
* Lead system interconnect design, bring up and qualification
* As the scope of the role and team grows, understand and influence roadmaps for hardware partners for our datacenter networks, racks, and buildings.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have at least 10 years of industry experience, including experience design hardware system and SerDes testing for data center applications
* Have a strong bias toward action, and won’t take no for an answer.
* Have experience and good knowledge of system design experience in the SI areas, from chip, SerDes, board, rack level
* Have experience with PCB, connector and cable design
* Have a strong intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills; and an equally strong talent for sharing that information clearly and concisely with others.
* Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
