---
title: Software Engineer, Fleet Infrastructure
status: active
id: a58add97-1968-4d5c-b504-ab62bea12df3
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/a58add97-1968-4d5c-b504-ab62bea12df3
lastmod: '2025-02-13T19:21:22.786+00:00'
date: '2025-02-13T19:21:22.786+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Fleet Clusters
- Scaling
compensation: $230K – $490K • Offers Equity
---

This role will support the fleet infrastructure team at OpenAI. The fleet team focuses on running the world’s largest, most reliable, and frictionless GPU fleet to support OpenAI’s general purpose model training and deployment. Work on this team ranges from

* Maximizing GPUs doing useful work by building user-friendly scheduling and quota systems
* Running a reliable and low maintenance platform by building push-button automation for kubernetes cluster provisioning and upgrades
* Supporting research workflows with service frameworks and deployment systems
* Ensuring fast model startup times though high performance snapshot delivery across blob storage down to hardware caching
* Much more!

**About the Role**

As an engineer within Fleet infrastructure, you will design, write, deploy, and operate infrastructure systems for model deployment and training on one of the world’s largest GPU fleet. The scale is immense, the timelines are tight, and the organization is moving fast; this is an opportunity to shape a critical system in support of OpenAI's mission to advance AI capabilities responsibly.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Design, implement and operate components of our compute fleet including job scheduling, cluster management, snapshot delivery, and CI/CD systems.
* Interface with researchers and product teams to understand workload requirements
* Collaborate with hardware, infrastructure, and business teams to provide a high utilization and high reliability service

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have experience with hyperscale compute systems
* Possess strong programming skills
* Have experience working in public clouds (especially Azure)
* Have experience working in Kubernetes
* Execution focused mentality paired with a rigorous focus on user requirements
* As a bonus, have an understanding of AI/ML workloads

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
