---
title: Manager, Solutions Engineering
status: active
id: ab463045-cd9b-4100-a037-f1135ace1464
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/ab463045-cd9b-4100-a037-f1135ace1464
lastmod: '2026-06-02T01:10:46.477+00:00'
date: '2026-06-02T01:10:46.477+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Go To Market
- Technical Success
offices:
- New York City
compensation: $280K – $345K • Offers Equity
---

**About the team**

The Technical Success team is responsible for ensuring the safe and effective deployment of ChatGPT and OpenAI API applications for developers and enterprises. We act as a trusted advisor and thought leader for our customers, ensuring developers and enterprises maximize value from our models and products. As a Solutions Engineer you’ll help our customers transform their business through solutions such as customer service, automated content generation, and novel applications that make use of our newest, most exciting models.

**About the role**

We’re looking for a Solutions Engineering Manager to lead a team of Solutions Engineers. In this role, you’ll combine technical leadership, customer engagement, and team development to deliver exceptional pre-sales experiences and drive real business impact.

You’ll guide your team through complex customer challenges, help them navigate ambiguity, and ensure solutions are grounded in both strong technical thinking and clear business value. You’ll also partner closely with Sales, Deployment, Product, and Research to create a seamless end-to-end customer journey.

This role is open in our San Francisco or New York office. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Develop and communicate a clear strategic vision for the Solutions Engineering team, ensuring alignment with the company's overarching goals and the evolving needs of our customers.
* Guide and support a multifaceted team throughout the pre-sales cycle, fostering customer engagement, encouraging adoption, and implementing scalable systems and processes.
* Act as a trusted escalation point for key customers within your sales segment, helping to address complex technical challenges and ensuring clear communication with executive-level stakeholders.
* Advocate for the innovative and effective application of our AI technologies across various sectors, positioning the company as a leader in the industry.

**You’ll thrive in this role if you:**

* Bring 8+ years of experience in technical customer-facing roles, building and managing C-level technical and business relationships within complex, global organizations.
* Have 3+ years of experience leading technical pre-sales teams, with a proven track record of hiring, mentoring, and managing high-performing teams.
* Have successfully led complex sales involving Generative AI or traditional ML solutions, with a solid understanding of network and cloud architectures.
* Have hands-on experience with programming languages such as Python or JavaScript, and a strong grasp of industry best practices.
* Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help others, and a willingness to learn whatever it takes to support the team and help customers thrive
* Approach work with humility, a collaborative mindset, and a willingness to learn whatever it takes to support the team and help customers thrive.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
