---
title: Executive Business Partner, People
status: active
id: acecf462-236f-4b24-ac0b-dfff835ee711
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/acecf462-236f-4b24-ac0b-dfff835ee711
lastmod: '2026-05-26T17:31:00.561+00:00'
date: '2026-05-26T17:31:00.561+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Executive Operations
compensation: $86.54 – $110.58 per hour • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Our Executive Operations team includes Executive Business Partners and Administrative Business Partners, who serve as trusted advisors and collaborators to OpenAI's executives and leaders, focused on strong communication and operational excellence across teams. With a focus on elevating the impact and efficiency of leadership, we anticipate needs, streamline processes, and provide comprehensive support to ensure our executives can focus on high-impact initiatives. We play a pivotal role in driving success and achieving key milestones by cultivating strong relationships and leveraging our deep understanding of business objectives. With a commitment to excellence and a proactive approach, we are dedicated to empowering our leaders and contributing to the overall growth and success of the company.

Our leadership team reflects OpenAI’s culture and core values and is a mission-driven, kind, and thoughtful group. We take pride in creating a work environment that fosters collaboration, open communication, and authenticity, making OpenAI an excellent place to work for highly accomplished professionals.

**About the Role:**

We are seeking an experienced Executive Business Partner to support our Chief People Officer. This role requires exceptional critical thinking, sound judgment, strategic problem-solving, and the ability to anticipate needs in a fast-paced, high-stakes environment. The ideal candidate will excel at managing complex calendars, orchestrating high-priority meetings, and ensuring seamless execution of leadership initiatives.

Beyond expert scheduling and coordination, this person will serve as a trusted extension of the Chief People Officer, representing the office with professionalism, warmth, and discretion. They will build strong relationships across all levels of the organization, creating a positive, responsive, and high-trust experience for internal and external stakeholders alike. The successful candidate is an exceptional communicator, capable of delivering timely, thoughtful, and action-oriented responses while balancing competing priorities and protecting executive time. They understand that every interaction with the executive’s office is an opportunity to build trust and credibility, and they consistently create an experience that is thoughtful, responsive, and solutions-oriented.

In addition, this role will provide light project management support, drive operational efficiency, and proactively streamline workflows to enable the leader to focus on the company’s highest-impact priorities.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**What we are looking for:**

* 8+ years experience in a cross-functional executive assistant role or similar support function 5+ in C Suite preferred.
* Successfully supported multiple leaders in the past.
* Worked in a hard tech startup or similar environment.
* Managed and optimized extremely busy calendars.
* Detail oriented - they have implemented strong, scalable systems for managing work effectively, Asana, Slack, bullet-system, etc.
* Strong communication - communicating effectively by tailoring messages to the needs and context of different audiences.
* Discretion - This role involves access to highly sensitive information and therefore requires impeccable judgment and unwavering confidentiality.
* Humility/diplomacy - this role has the potential to accrue power in a unique ways, but we want this person to be decisive and make noncontroversial decisions
* Fluency in Google Calendar, Docs, Sheets, Gmail, Slack, etc. and other modern productivity software, and are excited to learn and use new tools.
* Genuine interest in the technology we’re building and the transformative potential of AI

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
