---
title: 'Solutions Engineer '
status: active
id: ad06299f-d4e2-4de6-a925-b2e94b3c1d0b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/ad06299f-d4e2-4de6-a925-b2e94b3c1d0b
lastmod: '2026-06-19T07:59:27.591+00:00'
date: '2026-06-19T07:59:27.591+00:00'
location: Seoul, South Korea
departments:
- Go To Market
- Technical Success
---

**About the Team**

The Technical Success team is responsible for the customer experience on both the OpenAI API platform as well as the ChatGPT business product, ensuring developers and enterprises maximize benefit, value, and adoption from our highly-capable models. OpenAI's customers represent a range of diverse backgrounds and maturity, from early-stage startups to established global enterprises.

**About the Role**

We are seeking a Solutions Engineer to partner with our customers and ensure they achieve tangible business value from our models through ChatGPT and the OpenAI API. You will partner with senior business stakeholders to understand their pre-sales needs, guide their AI strategy, and identify the highest value use cases and applications. You will work with business and technical teams to demonstrate the value of our solutions and recommend architectural patterns to kickstart their implementation and development.

This role is based in Seoul, South Korea We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees

**In this role, you will:**

* Deliver an exceptional pre-sales customer experience.
* Provide technical expertise in the pre-sales process, outlining the value proposition, clarifying technical requirements, and answering product-related questions.
* Demonstrate how the ChatGPT business product can provide solutions to customers’ business needs and deliver value, including (but not limited to) demos, use case scoping, and proof of concepts.
* Serve as the first line of defense for security and compliance questions, explaining standardized collateral, guiding customers toward relevant resources (e.g. trust portal), and escalating complex requirements to the appropriate teams.
* Create and maintain documentation, guides, and FAQs related to common questions and requirements discovered during the pre-sales process.
* Develop and nurture strong customer relationships during the evaluation and purchasing process.
* Foster customer advocacy and represent the voice of the customer with internal teams, gathering and relaying customer feedback and identifying themes across customers to incorporate into product planning.
* Collaborate closely with the Sales and GRC teams to ensure a seamless pre-sales experience.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 7+ years of experience in a Solutions Engineer (or similar) role, managing relationships with large, global, and complex organizations, preferably working with a technical enterprise product.
* Have a solid track record of delivering and scaling an exceptional pre-sales customer experience.
* Have experience providing higher level security and compliance support as well as a thorough understanding and knowledge of IT security principles and customer requirements for similar technical B2B SaaS products.
* Possess exceptional presentation and communication skills, particularly when engaging with executives and leaders.
* Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help others, and a desire to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to make both your team and our customers succeed.
* Operate with high horsepower, have strong problem-solving skills, are adept at frequent context switching, effectively manage working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthlessly prioritize.
* Are personally committed to fostering the safe and ethical evolution of AI.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
