---
title: Researcher, Health AI
status: active
id: bcbe08e3-9593-431d-bc99-37e35e035742
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/bcbe08e3-9593-431d-bc99-37e35e035742
lastmod: '2025-01-29T04:01:09.249+00:00'
date: '2025-01-29T04:01:09.249+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Safety Systems
compensation: $295K – $445K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The [Safety Systems](https://openai.com/safety-systems/) team is dedicated to ensuring the safety, robustness, and reliability of AI models towards their deployment in the real world.

OpenAI’s [charter](https://openai.com/charter/) calls on us to ensure the benefits of AI are distributed widely. Our Health AI team is focused on enabling universal access to high-quality medical information. We work at the intersection of AI safety research and healthcare applications, aiming to create trustworthy AI models that can assist medical professionals and improve patient outcomes.

**About the Role**

We’re seeking strong researchers who are passionate about advancing AI safety and improving global health outcomes. As a Research Scientist, you will contribute to the development of safe and effective AI models for healthcare applications. You will implement practical and general methods to improve the behavior, knowledge, and reasoning of our models in these settings. This will require research into safety and alignment techniques that we aim to generalize towards safe and beneficial AGI.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Design and apply practical and scalable methods to improve safety and reliability of our models, including RLHF, automated red teaming, scalable oversight, etc.
* Evaluate methods using health-related data, ensuring models provide accurate, reliable, and trustworthy information.
* Build reusable libraries for applying general alignment techniques to our models.
* Proactively understand the safety of our models and systems, identifying areas of risk.
* Work with cross-team stakeholders to integrate methods in core model training and launch safety improvements in OpenAI’s products.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Are excited about OpenAI’s mission of ensuring AGI is universally beneficial and are aligned with OpenAI’s charter.
* Demonstrate passion for AI safety and improving global health outcomes.
* Have 4+ years of experience with deep learning research and LLMs, especially practical alignment topics such as RLHF, automated red teaming, scalable oversight, etc.
* Hold a Ph.D. or other degree in computer science, AI, machine learning, or a related field.
* Stay goal-oriented instead of method-oriented, and are not afraid of unglamorous but high-value work when needed.
* Possess experience making practical model improvements for AI model deployment.
* Own problems end-to-end, and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done.
* Are a team player who enjoys collaborative work environments.
* Bonus: possess experience in health-related AI research or deployments.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
