---
title: Analytics Engineer
status: active
id: c3f437e7-034b-4ea0-a29e-c62eb23ca24f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/c3f437e7-034b-4ea0-a29e-c62eb23ca24f
lastmod: '2026-05-19T15:54:13.911+00:00'
date: '2026-05-19T15:54:13.911+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Data Science
compensation: $220K – $335K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Role**

As an early member of our Data team within the Go-To-Market (GTM) organization, you will play a pivotal role in building a data-centric culture, enhancing decision-making processes, and driving strategic initiatives through analytics. This role involves a variety of projects aimed at developing canonical data sources and dashboards that enable the business to derive trustworthy, actionable insights. Most importantly, you should expect to be a core member of the GTM team, helping to bring our technology to a wide range of customers and supporting our self-serve and sales-led motions.

This role is based in either San Francisco, CA or New York, NY. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Embed with the GTM team as a trusted partner, identifying high-impact analytics problems and pioneering data-driven solutions.
* Establish a data-driven culture by driving the definition, tracking, and operationalizing of metrics
* Manage cross-functional data projects about revenue, pricing, usage, and other topics core to the business.
* Create scalable pipelines for data collection, cleaning, and analysis from multiple sources, and manage the lifecycle of metrics and models from prototyping to production.
* Develop and refine tools such as dashboards and reports that empower the team to extract and analyze data independently.
* Conduct analyses to uncover insights and inform key decisions.
* Use presentations, memos, and tools to communicate complex data insights clearly and persuasively across the organization.

**You might thrive in this role if you are/have:**

* Over 10 years of experience in a relevant Data role within dynamic, outcome-driven organizations.
* Demonstrated ability to independently own ambiguous, high-impact business problems, from structuring the analytical approach to driving clear recommendations and execution.
* Highly autonomous and resourceful, with a track record of navigating data, stakeholder, and operational blockers.
* Highly skilled in SQL, with extensive experience extracting large datasets and designing ETL workflows.
* Proficient in quantitative programming languages, Python preferred.
* Experienced in using business intelligence tools, such as Tableau and Looker, to communicate insights and enable self-serve.
* Familiar with advanced custom visualizations, such as Streamlit and Plotly Dash.
* Adept at crafting clear data stories using decks, memos, and dashboards to drive decision-making at every level.
* Best-in-class attention to detail and unwavering commitment to accuracy.
* Proven track record of delivering significant business impact, preferably within Finance, Sales, Support, or other GTM domains.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
