---
title: Senior Counsel, Corporate (M&A)
status: active
id: c4723243-69e5-45e3-a1c4-ad16df988428
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/c4723243-69e5-45e3-a1c4-ad16df988428
lastmod: '2026-03-13T21:10:51.158+00:00'
date: '2026-03-13T21:10:51.158+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Legal
compensation: $297K – $330K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI's Legal team plays a crucial role in furthering OpenAI's mission by tackling innovative, fundamental legal issues in AI and supporting OpenAI’s growth. If you're passionate about doing significant and unique work, this team is for you. The team comprises professionals from diverse fields, including technology, AI, privacy, IP, corporate, employment, tax law, regulatory, and litigation.

**About the Role**

As a Senior Corporate Counsel, M&A, you will support and lead mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, warrants, infrastructure financings and other corporate transactions through the full lifecycle and provide strategic advice to the business on a broad range of transactional matters. This is a unique opportunity to be directly involved in the forefront of the legal and technology field. This role will work closely with our Corporate Development, Finance, Product & Research, People, and other teams and report to our Deputy General Counsel, M&A, Investments and Strategic Transactions.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Lead and support mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, partnerships and other strategic transactions through the full lifecycle, including opportunity assessment, deal structuring, negotiation, due diligence, and execution
* Draft, review, and negotiate transaction documents, including definitive agreements, letters of intent, and ancillary documents.
* Provide strategic advice to the corporate development team, senior management and other internal stakeholders regarding transactions and M&A strategy and deal execution.
* Work collaboratively with multiple cross-functional teams across the company, including on post-transaction and integration matters.
* Support the corporate legal team on a broad range of corporate matters, including financings, liquidity events, corporate governance and international expansion.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 8+ years of combined, transactional-focused legal experience with fast-paced technology companies and law firms
* Have a strong sense of ownership, are inquisitive and enthusiastic about technology, enjoy being continually challenged, and can demonstrate sound judgment in ambiguous situations.
* Have a JD and license or qualification to practice in CA

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
