---
title: Android Engineer, ChatGPT Engineering
status: active
id: c47bd03b-800f-4e17-8240-e83c68766937
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/c47bd03b-800f-4e17-8240-e83c68766937
lastmod: '2026-02-25T17:12:38.342+00:00'
date: '2026-02-25T17:12:38.342+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Applied AI
- Applied AI Engineering
offices:
- New York City
- Seattle
compensation: $185K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The ChatGPT organization at OpenAI supports our mission by innovating across multiple core domains — from Growth and Personalization to Search Infrastructure and beyond. We’re scaling teams that build experiences, tools, and systems that power ChatGPT on every platform where users engage.

**About the Role**

We’re hiring an Android Software Engineer to lead development of new Android experiences for ChatGPT.

**In this role, you will:**

* Design and develop new features and capabilities for ChatGPT’s Android app.
* Establish strong engineering standards for performance, reliability, and code quality.
* Collaborate with cross-functional partners to craft experiences that resonate with users.
* Shape technical decisions and define long-term architecture for mobile platforms.
* Mentor and influence peers through code reviews and shared ownership.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* You have strong expertise in Android (Kotlin/Java), modern architecture patterns, and Jetpack.
* You’re passionate about mobile UX and system performance.
* You enjoy working in dynamic, cross-functional environments.

  *We are open to hiring in San Fransisco, New York and Seattle.*

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
