---
title: Product Manufacturing Engineer
status: active
id: cb9280db-df39-4c88-b411-5fdf149a6e52
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/cb9280db-df39-4c88-b411-5fdf149a6e52
lastmod: '2026-02-19T23:46:48.031+00:00'
date: '2026-02-19T23:46:48.031+00:00'
location: Singapore
departments:
- Scaling
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s Hardware organization develops AI-native silicon and system-level solutions for the unique demands of advanced AI workloads. Building on efforts like Jalapeño, the team is developing future generations of AI-native silicon and tightly integrated systems to power the next generation of frontier models. By co-designing chips, systems, tools, and methodologies, the team helps deliver faster, more efficient, and production-ready hardware for OpenAI’s supercomputing platform.

**About the Role**

We’re looking for a product manufacturing engineer, who will be responsible for driving technical initiatives related to manufacturing to ensure product success from concept to launch and through mass production with a specific focus on PCB and PCBa manufacturing and process. You’ll have the opportunity to work with a wide range of stakeholders, from design engineering and operations teams,TPMs, external industry vendors and partners to ensure that all products are developed and delivered on time and to the highest quality standards.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* In this role, you’ll be responsible for driving manufacturing and quality initiatives to ensure product success from concept to launch
* Lead the product design and the manufacturing process for next-gen AI hardware system development, you will have the opportunity to work with a wide range of stakeholders, from design engineering and operations teams, TPMs and external industry vendors and partners to ensure that all products are developed and delivered on time and to the highest quality standards.
* Lead the team to establish NPI product manufacturing process, systems and quality controls, defining clear milestones and deliverables, drive internal process improvements across multiple terms and functions
* Provide hands-on product manufacturing analysis during design, development, testing, prototypes and production phases.
* Research automation techniques and develop new tests and systems for efficiency.
* Own L6 up to potentially L10 product manufacturing development of the hardware product. This includes the PCB, PCBA, cabling and connectorization & L10 assembly spanning internal and external development work through successful deployment into the infrastructure and support of production workloads at scale
* Develop and manage overall product manufacturing requirements, scope, schedules, and deliverables with engineering teams, TPMs, suppliers, partners and key stakeholders
* Communicate effectively with cross-functional teams to ensure successful execution of programs
* Utilize problem-solving skills to resolve issues and overcome obstacles, perform risk assessment, risk mitigation and change management on projects.
* Manage multiple projects simultaneously
* Monitor project progress and ensure deadlines and standards are met

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have an impressive track record of leading complex projects from concept to production launch and have the ability to work with cross-functional teams to ensure successful execution of programs
* Are a creative, detail-oriented, and self-motivated individual looking for an exciting opportunity in the tech industry, this could be the perfect role for you
* Stay up to date on industry trends and manufacturing technologies for PCB & PCBa
* Like being a close partner with cross-functional teams to understand key design changes requiring validation to accurately integrate engineering validation needs into the overall system build
* Have experience driving development timelines for new platform introduction and managing internal review processes
* Have significant experience driving creativity, quality, and schedule at multinational JDM/CMs & suppliers
* Are deeply familiar with PCB material selection, PCBA, BOM component selection, assembly and rework processes, with all relevant equipment
* Know the nightmare that is testing ultra-high speed signals
* Are excited by capturing, analyzing, and presenting manufacturing test data
* Are keen on corrective actions
* Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
