---
title: Software Engineer, Full Stack (People Innovation)
status: active
id: d4780eac-03ad-4dae-861f-99af22b4287e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/d4780eac-03ad-4dae-861f-99af22b4287e
lastmod: '2025-07-22T20:47:54.607+00:00'
date: '2025-07-22T20:47:54.607+00:00'
location: Remote - US
departments:
- People
- People Innovation Labs
offices:
- San Francisco
compensation: $153K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

At OpenAI, we’re building the connective tissue between our mission and our people. People Innovation Labs is a fast-moving engineering team embedded in the People organization, focused on rethinking how we find and retain the best talent and empower everyone to do their best work. From recruiting to culture, we’re designing systems that give our People Team a significant edge by infusing OpenAI’s models and first-principles thinking into every aspect of our work. Our projects range from greenfield 0-1 products like OpenHouse (our internal knowledge hub) to AI-powered automations and scalable recruiting tools. We’re defining the future of work at OpenAI, creating a blueprint for how AI can supercharge productivity, culture, and innovation.  
  
**About the Role**

We are looking for a self-starter engineer who loves building new products in an iterative and fast-moving environment. This team is for full stack product engineers who are deeply curious about culture, recruiting and people development, and want to know everything from the business strategy and metrics down through the code that gets us there. In this role, you will work with members of the People Team and leaders across the company to build software focused on HR, culture and recruiting from the ground up. You’ll also innovate on how we apply LLMs in these domains.   
  
**In this role, you will:**

* Own the full product development lifecycle for new people products end-to-end
* Talk to internal stakeholders to understand their problems and design solutions to address them
* Work with the research team to share relevant feedback and iterate on applying their latest models
* Collaborate with a cross-functional team of engineers, HRBPs, recruiters, researchers, product managers, designers, and people in operations to create cutting-edge products

**Your background might look something like:**

* 4+ years of professional engineering experience (excluding internships) in relevant roles at tech and product-driven companies
* Former founder, or early engineer at a startup who built a product from scratch is a plus
* Interest in building company culture and/or recruiting the world’s most talented people
* Proficiency with JavaScript, React, and other web technologies
* Proficiency with a backend language (we use Python)
* Some experience with relational databases like Postgres/MySQL
* Interest in AI/ML (direct experience not required)
* Ability to move quickly in an environment with loosely defined tasks and competing priorities or deadlines

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
