---
title: Associate General Counsel, India
status: active
id: d74f05e3-fdc3-43cb-ad82-3f0a800c9f49
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/d74f05e3-fdc3-43cb-ad82-3f0a800c9f49
lastmod: '2026-05-29T16:54:55.025+00:00'
date: '2026-05-29T16:54:55.025+00:00'
location: Delhi, India
departments:
- Legal
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI's Legal team plays a crucial role in furthering OpenAI's mission by tackling innovative, fundamental legal issues in AI. If you're passionate about doing significant and unique work as a technology lawyer, this team is for you. The team comprises professionals from diverse fields, including technology, AI, privacy, IP, competition, corporate, employment, tax law, regulatory, and litigation.

**About the Role**

We’re seeking an Associate General Counsel to help navigate the increasing AI legislative and regulatory landscape in India. We’re looking for a legal self-starter, who is comfortable jumping into a deep dive of laws applicable to AI, as well as a broad range of AI regulatory issues that will help shape AI policy going forward and for which there is little precedent. This role reports to our Head of Legal, APAC.

**This role is based in Delhi or Mumbai.**

**In this role, you will:**

* Analyze laws and regulations in India concerning AI to understand their impact on OpenAI and the broader AI community.
* Develop policy positions on frontier legislation, pending legislation and international standards.
* Partner with Global Affairs team on regulatory strategy and engagement.
* Manage Indian regulatory compliance matters.
* Collaborate with Product Legal teams to support the availability, growth, and responsible deployment of OpenAI’s products and services in India.
* Contribute to our ongoing improvements to AI governance as regulations come into force.
* Monitor and keep the broader legal team updated on emerging legislative and regulatory developments related to AI in the APAC region.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* 12+ years of legal and/or policy experience.
* Strong leadership and ability to influence.
* Combination of an in-house company, government/institution, or law firm experience.
* Strong background in technology laws.
* Experience and familiarity with AI or a demonstrated interest in AI laws and regulations.
* Create clear and concise written and verbal communication, distilling complex concepts into simple, explainable, and persuasive ideas.
* Experience analyzing complex legislation.
* Experience engaging with regulators and/or policymakers.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
