---
title: Revenue Operations Business Partner - Technical Success
status: active
id: d929aa17-a339-4b96-b0ee-b0fc0ed9218c
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/d929aa17-a339-4b96-b0ee-b0fc0ed9218c
lastmod: '2026-06-02T18:06:32.984+00:00'
date: '2026-06-02T18:06:32.984+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Go To Market
compensation: $239K – $265K • Offers Equity
---

**About the team**

OpenAI’s mission is to build safe artificial general intelligence (AGI) which benefits all of humanity. This long-term undertaking brings the world’s best scientists, engineers, and business professionals into one lab together to accomplish this.

In pursuit of this mission, our Go To Market (GTM) team is responsible for helping customers learn how to leverage and deploy our highly capable AI products across their business. The team is made of Sales, Solutions, Support, Marketing, and Partnership professionals that work together to create valuable solutions that will help bring AI to as many users as possible.

**About the role**

The Go To Market (GTM) team at OpenAI is dedicated to helping customers realize the transformative potential of AI technology. We are seeking a Revenue Operations Manager to support and optimize the operations within our Technical Success team, working closely with cross-functional teams to drive operational excellence and maximize customer impact.

As a Revenue Operations Manager, you will focus on designing processes that enhance the customer experience, optimizing internal workflows, and delivering data-driven insights that support strategic decision-making across teams.

**In this role, you'll:**

* Design and implement processes to support the OpenAI Technical Success team, ensuring seamless management of customer interactions throughout the lifecycle, from onboarding to ongoing technical support and services delivery.
* Work closely with technical teams to ensure that operational processes are scalable and efficiently integrated into customer success workflows.
* Define and track key performance indicators (KPIs) specific to technical success, developing and maintaining dashboards to provide actionable insights to stakeholders and leadership.
* Manage capacity and coverage strategy for the Technical Success team, working with leadership to ensure alignment with business objectives and offering data-driven recommendations for improvements.
* Partner with the data team to ensure the integrity and accuracy of data, enabling effective reporting and decision-making for revenue-generating activities.
* Lead strategic analyses to identify trends, gaps, and opportunities for process optimization; lead cross-functional projects to drive those optimizations.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* Experience in revenue operations or strategy at a high-growth, technology company
* Strong analytical skills with a focus on attention to detail
* Exceptional project management skills, with experience leading complex, cross-functional initiatives
* Strong communication skills and executive presence
* An understanding of the AI landscape, our applications, and the problems they solve for our customers.
* The ability to thrive in ambiguity and work autonomously
* Exceptional organizational skills
* The ability to operate with high horsepower, be adept at frequent context switching and working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthless prioritization

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
