---
title: Solutions Engineer, Digital Natives
status: active
id: e4ed893a-539d-482b-b41a-a6b0225de8ca
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/e4ed893a-539d-482b-b41a-a6b0225de8ca
lastmod: '2026-03-23T16:50:07.856+00:00'
date: '2026-03-23T16:50:07.856+00:00'
location: Munich, Germany
departments:
- Go To Market
---

**About the Team**

The Technical Success team is responsible for ensuring the safe and effective deployment of ChatGPT and OpenAI API applications for developers and enterprises. We act as a trusted advisor and thought partner for our customers, ensuring developers and enterprises maximize value from our models and products. As a Solutions Engineer, you’ll help companies across industries transform their business through solutions such as customer service, automated content generation, and novel applications that make use of our newest, most exciting models.

**About the Role**

We are seeking an experienced pre-sales solutions engineer to partner with our Digital Natives customers and ensure they achieve tangible business value from our models through ChatGPT and the OpenAI API. You will partner with senior business stakeholders to understand their pre-sales needs, guide their AI strategy, and identify the highest value use cases and applications. You will work with business and technical teams to demonstrate the value of our solutions and recommend architectural patterns to kickstart their implementation and development. You will work closely with Sales, Customer Success, Security, and Product teams.

This role is based in our Munich office. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Deliver an exceptional pre-sales customer experience for prospects and customers by providing technical expertise, outlining the value proposition, and answering product, API, and LLM-related questions.
* Demonstrate how leveraging ChatGPT and the OpenAI API can meet customers’ business needs and deliver substantial business value, including, but not limited to, building and presenting demos, scoping use cases, recommending architecture patterns, and providing in-depth technical advisory.
* Create and maintain documentation, guides, and FAQs related to common questions and requirements discovered during the pre-sales process.
* Foster customer advocacy and represent the voice of the customer with internal teams by gathering and relaying customer feedback, identifying themes across customers, and incorporating them into product planning.
* Serve as the first line of defense for security and compliance questions, explaining standardized collateral, guiding customers toward relevant resources (e.g., trust portal), and escalating complex requirements to the appropriate teams.

**You’ll thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 5+ years of experience in a technical pre-sales role, managing C-level technical and business relationships with complex global organizations.
* Have full professional fluency in both German and English.
* Demonstrate a thorough understanding of IT security principles and customer requirements for technical B2B SaaS products, with experience providing higher-level security and compliance support.
* Have industry experience in programming languages like Python or Javascript and working with REST APIs.
* Have delivered prototypes of Generative AI/traditional ML solutions and have knowledge of network/cloud architecture.
* Are an effective presenter and communicator who can translate business and technical topics to all audiences, including senior leaders.
* Own problems end-to-end and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done.
* Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help your colleagues, and a desire to do whatever it takes to make the team succeed.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
