---
title: Technical Program Manager, Strategic Initiatives
status: active
id: ee047eec-ae79-474b-9f1b-764242bc3c63
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/ee047eec-ae79-474b-9f1b-764242bc3c63
lastmod: '2026-07-06T17:24:40.023+00:00'
date: '2026-07-06T17:24:40.023+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Technical Program Management
compensation: $257K – $445K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Strategic Initiatives & Operations team is in need of a Technical Program Manager (TPM) to streamline our processes, including full safety governance and integration of various safety research and mitigations into our ChatGPT, API, and any frontier models. This role is critical for driving safe deployment of our new models, synthesizing inputs from multiple stakeholders, ranging across research, product, engineering, legal and policy, and ensuring all the risks are effectively and properly monitored, mitigated or resolved.

**About the Role**

As a TPM, you will be responsible for critical tasks ranging from tracking safety research progress and risk tables to overseeing the quality of human data campaigns – acting as the connective tissue to enhance the deployment of OpenAI’s safety system. Additionally, you will create and execute a compute roadmap for your team to ensure that our top priorities are resourced while taking advantage of new opportunities to make key safety research discoveries. Your primary focus will be to ensure our models are qualified for safe deployment.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Manage key risk areas and corresponding stakeholders.
* Keep track of a stack of existing and future mitigations for every major product and model deployment.
* Standardize the lifecycle of risk assessment, setting safety bars, consolidating inputs from multiple stakeholders across research, product, engineering, legal and policy, pre-launch safety reviews and post-launch followup.
* Manage pre-launch safety reviews.
* Share launch calendars and key safety practices and evaluations with our key parter (i.e. Microsoft).
* Develop comprehensive documentation for all the safety work, including metrics, evaluations, and progress tracking across multiple teams within OpenAI.
* Help with publishing and open sourcing safety learnings, standards, datasets and benchmarks with the public.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Possess an advanced degree in a hard science, with a PhD being advantageous, or a demonstrated track record of engineering expertise.
* Have an extensive track record of successfully delivering high-profile, complex technical projects against tight deadlines.
* Are technically adept, and have effectively partnered with engineering and fundamental research teams of the highest caliber.
* Expertise in designing and implementing simple, scalable processes that solve complex problems.
* Are relentlessly resourceful and thrive in ambiguous, fast-paced environments.
* Strong knowledge of content integrity and moderation, including industry best practices and regulatory guidelines.
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
* Care about AGI safety.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
