---
title: Software Engineer, Post-Training Research
status: active
id: f381868f-7b0a-4b22-b215-71c7f5c1b498
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/f381868f-7b0a-4b22-b215-71c7f5c1b498
lastmod: '2026-04-29T22:34:31.350+00:00'
date: '2026-04-29T22:34:31.350+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Post-training
- Research
compensation: $255K – $405K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Post-Training is responsible for training the models to be deployed into ChatGPT, the API, and future products. The team partners closely with research and product teams across the company, and conducts research as a final step to prepare for real world deployment to millions of users, ensuring that our models are safe, efficient, and reliable.

**About the Role**

We are looking for a seasoned engineer who can help us with a variety of engineering challenges. Some example projects in this role:

* Rapidly prototype and develop internal products or tools used by researchers, such as visualization for our evaluation of models.
* Refactor a large code base for cleaner module designs.
* Redesign experiment configuration and evaluation systems.

Ideal candidates

* Navigate large code bases independently and quickly
* Can debug through complex systems
* Can navigate high energy environments with fast changing priorities
* Are comfortable being scrappy and working independently at fast speeds

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Rapidly prototype and build tooling or visualization for researchers.
* Collaborate with research teams.
* Design, implement, test, and debug code across our stack.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Strong background in writing maintainable, testable, clean code.
* Enjoyment of code quality, refactoring, and building robust internal codebases.
* Are a T-shaped engineer, with a broad range of experiences, but also an expert in one area. We are not terribly opinionated on a particular area, but examples could be expert level familiarity with the Python language, or expert experience building tools, or exceptional debugger.
* Fast learner; you will need to understand how post training works on a high level and pick up different aspects of research needs.
* Have experience building products that end users interface with, or building internal tools.
* Have experience shipping things quickly with competing priorities or deadlines.
* Proficiency with Python
* Are a team player, willing to do a variety of tasks that move the team forward.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
