---
title: Market Research Lead
status: active
id: f4cacc93-288b-425f-8bc2-5310d3f12d53
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/f4cacc93-288b-425f-8bc2-5310d3f12d53
lastmod: '2026-05-08T17:54:02.391+00:00'
date: '2026-05-08T17:54:02.391+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Marketing
compensation: $234K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Like every team at OpenAI, the Marketing team contributes to our broader mission of ensuring responsible and widespread adoption of artificial intelligence. With that aim in mind, we are responsible for developing and executing strategies that drive awareness, engagement, and usage for OpenAI’s products and platform amongst our core audiences. Our focus extends beyond just promoting product features; we aim to provide valuable insights and resources that help our users make the most out of AI technologies.

The Marketing Insights & Analytics team aims to understand the markets, audiences, behaviors, attitudes and needs to shape outreach strategies and inform product and business decisions. We’re the strategic partner that discovers insights, specifically: foundational understanding, marketing strategy, thought leadership, measurement and tracking.

**About the Role**

You will be the Market Research Lead that translates insights into actionable marketing plans and executions, drive business results, and orient the team towards strategic thinking to drive brand outcomes. This is critical as we hope to reach millions of users and businesses worldwide.

This role can be based in San Francisco, CA or NYC, NY utilizing a hybrid work model (3 days per week in-office).

**In this role, you will:**

* Play an integral part of Marketing and be a strategic partner to brand, product marketing, creative, product and beyond.
* Design, execute, and deliver high-impact research using mixed methods.
* Work on a diverse portfolio of business challenges - how do we reach the next billion people, how do we grow internationally, how do we position our suite of products, and how do we ship joy to our customers.
* Translate business questions into research plans.
* Translate data into clear, compelling narratives.
* Develop deep empathy for developers, builders, and technical decision-makers, understanding their workflows, motivations, and pain points across the lifecycle
* Shape go-to-market strategies for technical products including positioning, messaging, and developer segmentation.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* 10+ years experience in data analysis, mix-method user or market research.
* Experience with independently executing full-cycle research from research design to reporting.
* Extensive background in quantitative and qualitative research, including hands-on experience in survey/discussion guide development and data analysis (weighting, data cleaning, regression, etc.).
* Experience directing agencies/vendors to deliver results.
* Experience using data from various sources, including behavioral and product usage data, to influence executives and stakeholders
* Experience conducting research with developers, technical users, or B2B audiences.
* Experience with product or GTM strategy research (positioning, messaging development, etc.), brand research, campaign development, and tracking
* Experience with statistical analysis tools and survey programming tools.
* Experience conducting global research studies

* You could be an especially great fit if you have experience with behavioral data.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
