---
title: Data Center Research & Development Engineer, Mechanical - Industrial Compute
status: active
id: f705c8d4-aa17-469f-80bf-23923a167ed2
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/f705c8d4-aa17-469f-80bf-23923a167ed2
lastmod: '2026-07-09T11:09:38.213+00:00'
date: '2026-07-09T11:09:38.213+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Datacenter Design
- Scaling
compensation: $260K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team:**

OpenAI, in close collaboration with our capital partners, is embarking on a journey to build the world’s most advanced AI infrastructure ecosystem. The Data Center Engineering team is at the core of this mission. This team sets the infrastructure strategy, develops cutting-edge engineering solutions, partners with research teams to define the infrastructure performance requirements, and creates reference designs to enable rapid global expansion in collaboration with our partners. As a key member of this team, you will help design and deliver next-generation power, cooling, and hardware solutions for high-density rack deployments in some of the largest data centers in the world. You will work closely with stakeholders across research, site selection, design, construction, commissioning, hardware engineering, deployment, operations, and global partners to bring OpenAI’s infrastructure vision to life.

**About the Role:**

We’re seeking a data center R&D engineer with extensive experience in designing, performing validation testing, commissioning, and operating large-scale power, cooling, and high-performance computing systems. This role focuses on developing and validating new infrastructure and hardware, including high-voltage rectifiers, UPS systems, battery storage, transformers, DC to DC converters, and power supplies. A strong foundation in technical design, operational leadership, and vendor collaboration is critical, with an opportunity to lead high-impact infrastructure programs.

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Oversee electrical, mechanical, controls, and telemetry design and operations for large-scale data centers, including review of building and MEP drawings across all project phases from concept design to permitting, construction, commissioning and production.
* Develop, test and implement operational procedures and workflows from design through commissioning and deployment.
* Perform validation testing of all critical equipment and hardware in partnership with equipment vendors and ODMs.
* Lead buildout of R&D lab, including equipment selection, test infrastructure for high-density liquid-cooled racks, and staffing plans.
* Select and manage engineering tools (CAD, CFD, PLM, PDM, electrical, mechanical, power/network management).
* Collaborate with external vendors to select, procure, and manage critical infrastructure equipment (e.g., UPS, generators, transformers, DC to DC converters, chillers, VFDs).
* Ensure seamless integration of power, cooling, controls, networking, and construction systems into facility design.
* Provide technical direction to teams and vendors, ensuring safety, quality, and compliance with local codes, standards and regulations.
* Manage vendor relationships and ensure adherence to safety, performance, and operational standards.

**Qualifications:**

* 20+ years of experience in data center design, operations, and critical systems maintenance.
* Proven leadership across design, commissioning, and operation of large-scale data center campuses.
* Deep expertise in infrastructure systems (power, cooling, controls, networking) and operational workflows.
* Hands-on experience with critical infrastructure equipment and testing protocols.
* Strong track record in lab development, equipment selection, and facility operations.
* Familiarity with engineering tools (CAD, CFD, PLM, etc.) and their integration across teams.
* Experience navigating regulatory environments and working with government agencies.
* Excellent cross-functional communication and stakeholder collaboration.
* Bachelor’s degree in engineering required; advanced degree and PE certification preferred.

**Preferred Skills:**

* Expertise in equipment design, agency certification, and validation testing.
* Experience in global, matrixed organizations and multi-site operations.
* Skilled in vendor negotiations and supply chain management.
* Familiarity with sustainable and energy-efficient data center design principles.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
