---
title: Data Scientist, Integrity
status: active
id: fb601d63-9657-487f-bf49-efece8dd5c5e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/fb601d63-9657-487f-bf49-efece8dd5c5e
lastmod: '2026-03-13T03:21:01.839+00:00'
date: '2026-03-13T03:21:01.839+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Data Science
compensation: $293K – $325K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Applied team safely brings OpenAI's technology to the world. We released ChatGPT; Plugins; DALL·E; and the APIs for GPT-4, GPT-3, embeddings, and fine-tuning. We also operate inference infrastructure at scale. There's a lot more on the immediate horizon.

Our customers build fast-growing businesses around our APIs, which power product features that were never before possible. ChatGPT is a prime example of what is currently possible. We simultaneously ensure that our powerful tools are used responsibly. Safe deployment is more important to us than unfettered growth.

The Scaled Abuse team works within our Applied Engineering organization identifying and responding to fraudsters on our platform. We are looking for a data scientist with anti fraud & abuse experience to help architect and build our next-generation anti-abuse systems.

**About the Role**

The Platform Abuse team protects OpenAI’s products from abuse. In the data scientist role, you will be responsible for discovering and mitigating new types of misuse, and scaling our detection techniques and processes. Platform Abuse is an especially exciting area since we believe most of the ways our technologies will be abused haven’t even been invented yet.

**This role is based in our San Francisco HQ. We offer relocation assistance to new employees.**

**In this role, you will:**

* Design and build systems for fraud detection and remediation while balancing fraud loss, cost of implementation, and customer experience.
* Work closely with finance, security, product, research, and trust & safety operations to holistically combat fraudulent and abusive actors on our system.
* Stay abreast of the latest techniques and tools to stay several steps ahead of determined and well resourced adversaries.
* Utilize GPT-5 and future models to more effectively combat fraud and abuse.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have experience on a highly technical trust and safety team and/or have worked closely with policy, content moderation, or security teams.
* Can use coding languages (Python preferred) to programmatically explore large datasets and generate actionable insights to solve problems.
* Proven ability to propose, design, and run rigorous experiments (A/B tests, quasi-experiments, simulations) with clear insights and actionable product recommendations, leveraging SQL and Python.
* Excellent communication skills with a track record of influencing cross-functional partners, including product managers, engineers, policy leads, and executives.
* Bonus if you have experience with deploying scaled detection solutions using large language models, embeddings, or fine tuning.
* 5+ years of quantitative experience in ambiguous environments, ideally as a data scientist at a hyper-growth company or research org, with exposure to fraud, abuse, or security problems.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
