---
title: Product Manager, Safety Measurement
status: active
id: fbc7ebaf-3a26-406d-9ff6-f166f3e246a2
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/fbc7ebaf-3a26-406d-9ff6-f166f3e246a2
lastmod: '2026-04-15T21:11:10.773+00:00'
date: '2026-04-15T21:11:10.773+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Product Management
compensation: $293K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Safety Systems manages the complete lifecycle of safety efforts for OpenAI’s frontier models, ensuring our models are deployed responsibly and have a positive impact on society. Our work spans diverse research and engineering initiatives—from system-level safeguards and model training to evaluation and red-teaming—all aimed at mitigating misuse and maintaining our high bar for safety. We lead OpenAI's commitment to developing and deploying safe Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), fostering a culture of trust, responsibility, and transparency.

Our goal is to continuously learn from deployments, distribute AI’s benefits widely, and ensure that powerful tools remain aligned with human values and safety considerations.

**About the Role**

The Safety Measurement Product Manager owns OpenAI's approach to measuring harm and safeguard efficacy in production, including driving the strategy for our suite of safety measurement platforms and products used across the company. You will partner closely with our safety research and engineering teams to determine what we measure, where we measure it, and how we measure it, feeding those insights directly into critical leadership decisions and back into our safety work. You will also represent the company's topline safety metric as well as prioritize incoming requests from partner teams to expand our safety measurement platform to more use cases.

This position is based in San Francisco, CA, with relocation assistance available.

**In this role, you will:**

* Partner closely with data science, research, engineering, policy teams, and other stakeholders to craft a vision for understanding safety outcomes and prevalence on our platforms.
* Define strategic priorities and product roadmaps focused on improving safety measurement approaches will scaling our measurement platform to more use cases, products, and cross-functional team needs.
* Establish repeatable processes to integrate cutting-edge AI safety research into OpenAI’s safety measurement products.
* Develop and continuously refine clear, actionable success criteria that effectively capture our ambitions with safety measurement.
* Represent quantitative progress on safety to senior leadership.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 6+ years of product management or related industry roles, with specific expertise in AI safety, trust & safety, integrity, or related domains.
* Have a background in data science, statistics, economics, or related fields.
* Are deeply curious and interested in interdisciplinary fields such as human-computer interaction, psychology, philosophy, or similar areas.
* Have hands-on experience driving consensus and action in ambiguous spaces.
* Excel at identifying and challenging underlying assumptions and constraints through insightful questioning.
* Are highly effective at cross-functional collaboration and communicating complex technical concepts clearly and persuasively.
* Enjoy working in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
