---
title: Product Manager, API Agents
status: active
id: fc38c6bf-5330-435c-99b6-1bcf1f5829a8
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/fc38c6bf-5330-435c-99b6-1bcf1f5829a8
lastmod: '2026-02-25T23:31:13.078+00:00'
date: '2026-02-25T23:31:13.078+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Product Management
compensation: $293K – $325K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team:**

The OpenAI API team builds the foundation that enables every developer to harness OpenAI’s models safely, reliably, and at scale. Our mission is to make it effortless for any developer to build transformative products with OpenAI’s models. We’re responsible for the infrastructure and product layers that allow millions of developers to integrate our models, fine-tune behavior, manage data, and deliver experiences to their users. We collaborate deeply across product, research, and engineering teams to drive innovation at the model layer and then directly translate that into value for customers.

**About the Role:**

As the Agents Product Manager for the API team, you'll be at the forefront of defining and guiding the future of how developers build agentic applications on top of our AI models. You’ll set clear priorities and drive impactful improvements to model capabilities, balancing user needs, safety considerations, and technical innovation. This role is perfect for a proactive, technically adept PM who thrives on solving challenging, ambiguous problems through structured product thinking and close collaboration with customers, engineers, and researchers.

This position is based in San Francisco, CA, with relocation assistance available.

**In this role, you will:**

* Deeply understand problems faced by agent builders and identify opportunities where our products and models can make building agents faster, more intuitive, more reliable, and more powerful.
* Define strategic priorities and roadmap for improving agentic infrastructure for API users, focusing on user outcomes and emerging capabilities.
* Partner with research and engineering teams at a technical level to translate those priorities into developer products and features (SDKs, APIs, and more).
* Deliver quickly while maintaining a high bar for product quality and user experience.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 5+ years of product management or related industry experience.
* Proven track record of building for developers, with strong intuition for designing clear, flexible APIs and primitives that scale from early experimentation to production use.
* Have experience collaborating directly and deeply with high-growth tech companies.
* Have hands-on experience driving consensus and action in ambiguous spaces.
* Excel at collaborating across diverse teams and communicating complex ideas clearly.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
