---
title: Frontend Engineer, Dotcom (Marketing)
status: active
id: ffc3f648-a39d-4403-ad16-e8d38c88d572
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/ffc3f648-a39d-4403-ad16-e8d38c88d572
lastmod: '2026-01-11T20:14:33.887+00:00'
date: '2026-01-11T20:14:33.887+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Marketing
offices:
- New York City
compensation: $230K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

Marketing tells OpenAI’s story—what we’re doing and why it matters—to the world through a variety of surfaces, most notably [openai.com](http://openai.com). Our small but nimble and growing team supports the design and development needs across the entire company, and sits within a larger team of professionals in marketing, design and product.

Communicating the advances and benefits of AGI and our products is some of the most important work at OpenAI, and our goal is to do it in a beautiful, accessible, scalable, systematic way, with transparency and authenticity.

**About the Role**

We’re looking for experienced frontend engineers on the marketing eng team who can ship new features to millions of [openai.com](http://openai.com) visitors around the world. You’ll work closely with other engineers on the team, our design partners, as well as cross-functional stakeholders across the company.

**In this role, you will:**

* Partner closely with design, marketing, and other cross-functional stakeholders to communicate OpenAI’s mission to the world
* Design and build efficient and reusable front-end systems that drive a complex web application with millions of visitors a day
* Plan and deploy front end infrastructure necessary to build, test, and deploy our site

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have experience building production web apps at scale using TypeScript, Next.js/Remix, React, native JavaScript, and CSS. Bonus points for experience with visualizations or charting libraries
* Are comfortable building complex applications and systems from the ground up, with limited development infrastructure available to you
* Have a voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills. An equally strong talent for sharing that information clearly and concisely with others
* Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions. You view changes as an opportunity to add structure and order when necessary

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
