---
title: Product Designer, ChatGPT
status: archived
id: 09d97355-0437-4054-8604-73920c0beb1a
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/09d97355-0437-4054-8604-73920c0beb1a
lastmod: '2025-02-26T22:39:00.136+00:00'
date: '2025-02-26T22:39:00.136+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Product Design
compensation: $207K – $295K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s mission is to ensure that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. The ChatGPT team works across research, engineering, product, and design to bring OpenAI’s technology to the world. We serve a diverse audience of users who are already using ChatGPT daily in their lives and work.

We seek to learn from deployment and distribute the benefits of AI, while ensuring that this powerful tool is used responsibly and safely. Safety is more important to us than unfettered growth.

Design plays a critical role here. To succeed in our mission, it’s crucial that we make our technology intuitive and accessible. We’re hiring a product designer to create products that are easy to use, beautiful, and push the boundaries of what’s possible. As an early team member, you’ll have a huge part in shaping our product direction and design culture.

**About the Role**

In this role, you’ll collaborate closely with a small team of product designers and cross-functional partners to craft product experiences of today and tomorrow. You’ll work on the end-to-end design of new features and improvements across a range of OpenAI consumer, business, and tools products. You’ll help chart our course into the future as we evolve our technology, product, and design paradigms.

*This role is based in our San Francisco HQ. We offer relocation assistance to new employees.*

**What you’ll do in this role**

* Contribute to the overall design and product direction of OpenAI products
* Design and ship high-quality products and improvements, from early concepts to high-fidelity prototypes and visuals
* Partner closely with engineering, product management, AI research, and design peers to define both long-term strategy and short-term tactics
* Engage in user research to better understand our users and refine our products
* Contribute to and evolve our design system
* Help establish our design culture and grow our team

**You might thrive in this role if you**

* Have 4+ years of experience shipping larger scale software products
* Have a portfolio showcasing strong UX, UI, and interaction design skills, with a high bar for quality and craft
* Love thinking through complex interaction design problems
* Possess impactful communication and storytelling skills
* Enjoy tackling ambiguous problems and shaping them into a clear vision
* Get excited about being immersed in the AI research process and defining how AI-first products should look and behave

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
