---
title: Backend Software Engineer, ChatGPT Engineering
status: archived
id: 17e31e56-418a-43bb-a72a-1b935dc71e29
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/17e31e56-418a-43bb-a72a-1b935dc71e29
lastmod: '2026-02-03T00:48:43.927+00:00'
date: '2026-02-03T00:48:43.927+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Applied AI
- Applied AI Engineering
compensation: $185K – $385K
---

**About the Team**

Core backend engineering is central to delivering reliable, scalable, and performant AI-driven products. Our Backend teams span Search Infrastructure, Platform Engineering, Personalization, Ecosystems, Growth, and more—building services, data systems, and APIs that power ChatGPT’s global footprint.

**About the Role**

We’re hiring Backend Software Engineers to design and implement the services and infrastructure powering ChatGPT.

**What You’ll Do**

* Architect, build, and improve scalable backend systems and APIs.
* Drive performance, reliability, and security across distributed services.
* Work closely with product, data science, and frontend teams.
* Implement data storage, retrieval, compute, and integration solutions.
* Participate in long-term architectural planning and technical design reviews.

**You Might Thrive Here If You:**

* Have strong experience with distributed systems, APIs, and backend languages (e.g., Go, Python, Rust, C++).
* Enjoy building resilient services that handle large scale and complexity.
* Are passionate about system design, reliability, and operational excellence.

We are open to hiring in San Fransisco, New York and Seattle

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
