---
title: 'Events Manager '
status: archived
id: 25a9b090-e681-422b-8007-99aef40aec9e
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/25a9b090-e681-422b-8007-99aef40aec9e
lastmod: '2026-06-23T10:29:39.688+00:00'
date: '2026-06-23T10:29:39.688+00:00'
location: London, UK
departments:
- Marketing
---

## **About the Role**

This role will work under the guidance of the Head of EMEA Events to support the execution of high-impact events at OpenAI managing operations, vendor coordination, guest experience, and post-event reporting. The ideal candidate will thrive in a fast-paced environment and bring meticulous planning, creative problem-solving, and seamless front-of-house management to ensure exceptional attendee experiences. Must be tech-savvy with strong capabilities in using a Mac and event software systems like AirTable, Luma, Swoogo, Google Sheets, etc.

## **In this role, you will:**

* Manage and execute events from end to end including workstreams, registration, guest experience, catering, and on-site production across multiple high-profile events.
* Develop and maintain comprehensive project timelines, tracking all milestones, deliverables, and deadlines to ensure seamless event execution.
* Source, negotiate, and coordinate with vendors, including caterers, AV providers, and creative production teams, ensuring adherence to OpenAI’s standards and compliance requirements.
* Oversee attendee registration, check-in processes, and manage event communications, including pre- and post-event outreach.
* Maintain meticulous financial records, closely monitoring budgets, processing invoices, and reporting on expenditures versus budget targets.
* Collaborate closely with and communicate effectively with internal stakeholders—including design, procurement, and security to align all event elements with strategic goals and brand guidelines.
* Implement and manage safety and security protocols, prioritizing attendee well-being and compliance with health guidelines.
* Collect, analyze, and report event metrics, attendee feedback, and key learnings to inform future events and measure return on investment.

## **You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* Have 6+ years of event production experience, managing end-to-end planning, onsite execution, and post-event analysis.
* Excel at leading the guest experience and owning front-of-house operations and vendor coordination for high-profile corporate events.
* Are passionate about OpenAI’s mission and excited about showcasing cutting-edge AI technology through impactful event experiences.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
