---
title: 'Global Head of Benefits '
status: archived
id: 3306b8e2-123c-4040-b490-08298f6dc88f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/3306b8e2-123c-4040-b490-08298f6dc88f
lastmod: '2026-03-20T16:25:56.081+00:00'
date: '2026-03-20T16:25:56.081+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Human Resources
- People
compensation: $260K – $300K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s People team aims to hire, engage, and retain world-class talent who will safely build and deploy universally beneficial Artificial General Intelligence (AGI). The Benefits team is an important subset of the HR team and is responsible for creating and delivering best in class, innovative benefits, and experiences for a rapidly growing employee population, both in and out of the US.

**About the Role**

We're looking for a Global Head of Benefits to lead and improve our benefits programs, policies and processes, focusing on the US, EMEA and APAC teams. As part of this role, you’ll manage a small team of benefits professionals and support team growth over time.

You'll create and drive the design, delivery, and communication of benefit programs, policies and processes to support attracting and retaining talent. Reporting to our VP of Total Rewards, you'll be responsible for designing global benefit constructs, based on statutory and regulatory requirements for multiple countries. You’ll partner with the most senior leaders of the company to align benefit philosophy and business strategy. You’ll have complete management over the global vendor relationships that span across benefits, retirement, disability and perks.

**In this role, you will:**

* **Drive Strategic Vision** - Lead the design and administration of comprehensive employee benefits programs—ranging from health insurance to wellness initiatives—to ensure our employees feel valued and supported.
* **Craft Compelling Narratives** - Develop and articulate a rewards philosophy that resonates with every level of our organization, integrating total rewards strategies with our employee value proposition and diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives.
* **Collaborate for Impact** - Partner with senior leadership and People teams to identify key opportunities for enhancing our rewards offering.
* **Empower Your Team** - Lead and mentor a talented group of benefits and People professionals, fostering a culture of development and growth.
* **Ensure Compliance** - Take ownership of all compliance and regulatory updates, ensuring our programs meet necessary standards globally.

**We’re looking for a blend of this experience:**

* 8-10 years of experience in benefits strategy and operations, with a strong record of designing and implementing successful global programs.
* Experience leading global teams of 5+ colleagues in the realms of benefits, rewards, or global mobility.
* Expertise in navigating compliance and regulatory requirements surrounding global benefits programs.
* A results-driven approach paired with outstanding analytical and project management capabilities, creative problem solving, and with a focus on continuous improvement.
* Leading change and driving programs at a global scale with high-growth expansion.

**Location and Workplace**

This role is based in the Mission Bay, San Francisco, CA office. We use a hybrid work model: three days in the office per week with optional work from home on Thursdays and Fridays. We offer relocation assistance to new employees.

Our open-plan offices have height-adjustable desks, conference rooms, phone booths, well-stocked kitchens full of snacks and drinks, three in-house prepared meals daily, a private outdoor space for working in the sun or socializing, nap rooms, private bike storage, and more.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
