---
title: Engineering Manager, API Experience
status: archived
id: 498146b0-374c-4022-9d6b-bcf9ac4a58d2
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/498146b0-374c-4022-9d6b-bcf9ac4a58d2
lastmod: '2026-01-29T20:09:23.385+00:00'
date: '2026-01-29T20:09:23.385+00:00'
location: New York City
departments:
- Applied AI
- B2B Applications
compensation: $293K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s mission is to make AGI beneficial for all of humanity and our mission is successful only if AGI drives *real* *benefits* across all industries in the world. Our goal in B2B applications is to enable this mission by helping businesses, enterprises & governments redefine how they operate to empower people and accelerate economic growth.

We build and operate the products that bring our cutting-edge research to millions of companies and developers worldwide. We power the OpenAI API and the Enterprise products that empower people around the world to do their jobs better and more efficiently. Our teams span product engineering, backend infrastructure, and safety, working together to ensure that OpenAI’s technology is delivered with reliability, security, and a world-class user experience.

**About the Role**

We are looking for an experienced engineering manager to lead our API Experience team. This team is responsible for building out and crafting an exceptional development experience for our API developers. You will be owning the API documentation, SDKs, account experience, and overall development experience that millions of developers use to build on top of OpenAI models – everyone from hobbyist developers to Fortune 500 companies. You will also collaborate closely with research teams to bring the latest cutting-edge models to our API.

In this role, you will:

* Manage and build out a diverse team of high performing full-stack engineers.
* Build an API product that developers love to use.
* Set technical direction for building robust and scalable API products for end developers.
* Collaborate closely with a broad set of stakeholders, including product, design, go-to-market, and other engineering teams.
* Coach and nurture engineers to accelerate their growth and learning.

You might thrive in this role if you:

* Have 8+ years of experience in software engineering, including 5+ years of experience in engineering management
* Have prior experience building out external facing API products at consumer internet scale
* Take pride in building and operating scalable, reliable products and systems
* Care deeply about diversity, equity, and inclusion, and have a track record of building inclusive teams
* Own problems end-to-end, and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done
* Have the ability to move fast in an environment where things are sometimes loosely defined and may have competing priorities or deadlines

This role is based in New York, NY. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
