---
title: Strategic Finance, GTM
status: archived
id: 4f1870f0-b0a8-44fb-b6fe-28638b45ae47
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/4f1870f0-b0a8-44fb-b6fe-28638b45ae47
lastmod: '2026-03-12T05:16:43.694+00:00'
date: '2026-03-12T05:16:43.694+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Strategic Finance
compensation: $234K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The Strategic Finance team provides financial insights and guidance to support OpenAI’s long-term goals and strategies. We partner across the business to allocate and deploy our resources for the highest-impact outcomes. ￼

Within Strategic Finance, our team focuses on the financial performance of our B2B products and GTM functions, ensuring tight alignment between financial objectives and company strategy. We partner with leaders across Product, GTM, Research, Partnerships, and Operations to:

* Drive operational planning, financial forecasting, and performance management for our B2B business,
* Provide decision-quality insights on B2B product and financial performance to inform strategic resource allocation.
* Build the “0→1” financial foundations required to scale and accelerate growth.

**About the Role**

We are hiring for a Strategic Finance partner to help drive strategic decision making within our B2B Sales organization and support core financial planning, target setting, and sales compensation efforts. This person will play a pivotal role in helping define how we scale the business and invest in the growth of our Enterprise and API sales motions.

You’ll work closely with Revenue Operations, Sales Leadership, and the broader Strategic Finance team to align our GTM strategy with financial outcomes that drive long-term success.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

**In this role, you will:**

* Serve as a strategic finance partner to our GTM teams.
* Guide B2B financial planning across revenue and opex for annual budget, rolling forecasts, and long-range planning.
* Establish and manage key metrics to measure topline product performance, unit economics, and sales productivity.
* Analyze trends and distill actionable insights to guide strategy and day-to-day execution.
* Build and scale FP&A rigor, including forecasting methodology, management reporting, and performance narratives that hold leaders accountable and improve decision velocity.
* Support strategic initiatives such as pricing, deal structuring, and business case development for growth bets and new launches.
* Own the end-to-end financial management of budgets, ensuring efficient resource allocation and proactive response to variances.
* Deliver high-quality executive and Board-facing presentations to communicate performance and strategic recommendations that influence key business stakeholders.
* Stay current on market dynamics to shape OpenAI’s B2B strategy.

**You might thrive in this role if you have:**

* 8+ years of experience in investment banking, consulting, strategic finance, or buy-side investing coupled with operational experience at a fast-paced, scaling company.
* A strong ability to critically evaluate opportunities and risks in financials.
* Expert modeling skills, including building detailed P&Ls and operating models.
* The ability to distill complex financial data into actionable insights and effectively influence leadership.
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to craft compelling narratives using data.
* Attention to detail and a commitment to accuracy in financial reporting, budgeting, and analysis.
* Familiarity with SaaS and consumption-driven business models and metrics relevant to OpenAI.
* Experience with SQL or a willingness to learn.
* An enthusiastic "roll up your sleeves" mentality and ability to deal effectively with ambiguity in a fast-paced environment‬.
* Deep enthusiasm for the deployment of AI and OpenAI’s mission.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
