---
title: Policy Communications Manager
status: archived
id: 65d02e98-b660-42cf-ad0a-df90fd30e257
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/65d02e98-b660-42cf-ad0a-df90fd30e257
lastmod: '2026-04-23T22:05:08.926+00:00'
date: '2026-04-23T22:05:08.926+00:00'
location: Washington, DC
departments:
- Communications
compensation: $210K – $234K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s mission is to ensure that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity.

Our Communications team includes External Communications, Internal Communications, and other strategic communications functions. This team’s ethos is to support OpenAI's mission and goals by clearly and authentically explaining our technology, values, and approach to safely building powerful AI.

**About the Role**

We’re seeking to hire an exceptional communications professional to join our small, high-impact team to communicate progress on our mission to to develop Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) that benefits all of humanity. This person will support policy communications, with a focus on national security issues; partnerships with federal, state, and local governments; cybersecurity; science; and other AI policy areas. This includes partnering with our global affairs, legal and product teams to drive external communications that broadly educate on our technology, efforts and principles. This role will report to our Head of Policy Communications who is based in Washington, D.C.

The ideal candidate should bring a strong mix of strategic and tactical comms ownership. Ability to move fast and collaboratively on complex issues in a changing environment is critical. Passion for new technology and storytelling is key.

**In this role you will:**

* Develop and execute communication plans including strategies for educating press, policymakers, and the general public.
* Forge deep relationships with media and manage inbound requests on a range of issues.
* Partner cross-functionally with global affairs, legal, product and other teams at OpenAI.
* Provide counsel and support to team members across the organization.
* Anticipate comms risks and establish risk mitigation strategies.

**You will thrive in this role if you have:**

* 10+ years of professional communications and media relations experience. In-house leadership is a must, government experience is a plus.
* Strong track record of driving media campaigns in support of policy priorities and issues.
* Background in technology communications and knowledge of AI.
* Proven success in building relationships and collaborating with press, executives, partners and other stakeholders.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
