---
title: Senior Counsel, Employment (AI Enablement)
status: archived
id: 8b725c86-2640-4afb-9a33-53b857eae9c9
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/8b725c86-2640-4afb-9a33-53b857eae9c9
lastmod: '2026-05-28T17:04:40.083+00:00'
date: '2026-05-28T17:04:40.083+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Legal
---

## **About the Team**

OpenAI’s Legal team plays a crucial role in furthering our mission by tackling innovative and fundamental legal issues in AI. The team includes professionals with expertise spanning technology, privacy, IP, corporate, employment, tax law, regulatory, and litigation. If you’re passionate about meaningful and unique work as a technology lawyer, this team is for you.

## **About the Role**

We’re looking for an employment lawyer to support a growing volume of complex employment work as the company scales and the pace of employment related issues increases.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees. Remote may be considered.

## **In this role, you will:**

* Provide advice and counsel to people and product teams on AI enablement and automation.
* Support on a broad range of employment legal matters.
* Work cross functionally with the People Team.
* Support on strategic initiatives related to facilitating legal training and managing outside counsel on employment litigation matters and administrative charges.
* Lead on and develop processes for scaling legal support for employment legal matters.

## **You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Have 8+ years of combined legal experience at fast-paced technology companies and technology-focused law firms with a focus on employment law.
* Have a JD and license or qualification to practice in CA.
* Strong expertise in AI-related employment laws. Comfort with employee privacy laws is a plus.
* Deep interest in, and experience with, advising product and people teams on AI enablement and automation.
* Expertise on federal and state labor and employment laws and regulations.
* Have experience managing complex employment litigation matters.
* Have a strong sense of ownership, are inquisitive and enthusiastic about technology, enjoy being continually challenged, and can demonstrate sound judgment in fast moving, ambiguous situations.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
