---
title: Compensation Business Partner
status: archived
id: c96e7e29-5da5-4f90-b80d-c3c59f0ab0f4
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/c96e7e29-5da5-4f90-b80d-c3c59f0ab0f4
lastmod: '2026-02-10T22:20:09.401+00:00'
date: '2026-02-10T22:20:09.401+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- People
- Total Rewards
compensation: $180K – $260K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI's Compensation team plays a crucial role in rewarding and retaining world-class talent who will ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity. By crafting and implementing innovative compensation strategies, we ensure our compensation offerings are competitive, equitable, and aligned with OpenAI's mission to scale intelligently and ethically.

**About the Role**

We are expanding our Compensation team and seeking a Compensation Partner to support our global growth. This strategic position will partner with business leaders, HR Partners, and recruiters to ensure our compensation strategies align with business objectives and talent needs. This role manages global benchmarking, owns offer approvals, and fosters strong relationships with cross-functional partners to gain a deep understanding of our talent across various departments.

We may have multiple Compensation Business Partner openings under this role, supporting OpenAI’s Technical and G&A orgs. As such, you’ll report to one of two Compensation Partner Leads (technical or G&A), and we’ll determine the best initial team match during the interview process based on your experience, strengths, and interests, aligned to the highest-impact business need.

**Your Responsibilities:**

* Collaborate with HR Business Partners, Business Leaders, and Recruiting to address compensation-related issues and provide solutions that support business goals.
* Own offer approvals and offer analysis, capturing emerging market trends and ensuring offers are consistent with our compensation philosophy.
* Manage the benchmarking process to ensure our compensation strategies are competitive and aligned with market standards.
* Foster strong relationships with cross-functional partners and gain a deep understanding of the talent within each organizational unit.
* Support compensation design and optimization, including job architecture and sales compensation.

**We’re Seeking:**

* 6-10+ years of experience in compensation or related roles.
* Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively partner with various stakeholders.
* Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and make informed decisions.
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment.
* Experience in job architecture or sales compensation is strongly preferred.

**Location and Workplace**

This role is based in our San Francisco office and we aren’t considering remote applications at this time. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office with optional work from home on Thursdays and Fridays. We also offer relocation assistance to new employees.

Our open-plan offices have height-adjustable desks, conference rooms, phone booths, well-stocked kitchens full of snacks and drinks, three in-house prepared meals daily, outdoor space for working and socializing, wellness rooms, private bike storage, and more.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
